We’re now just a few short months away from Apple’s unveiling of the next generation of iPhones. iPhone sales now make up 70 percent of all revenue for Apple; tens of billions of dollars hang in the balance. But analysts and journalists are now openly wondering: Can Apple stick the landing while not only putting out updates to the iPhone 7, but also debuting a brand-new phone, the iPhone 8? And even if they do, will consumers be willing to shell out over a thousand bucks for the thing?
The iPhone 8, as described by leaks and rumors, will see the company doing away with bezels and a physical home button in exchange for an OLED screen that covers close to the entire front of the phone. This won’t come cheap: Many expect the iPhone 8 to cost at least $1,000, and some are predicting $1,200 — which would make Apple’s top-end iPhone cost nearly as much as a MacBook laptop.
Naturally, this has caused some analysts to worry whether Apple — which has always maintained much higher margins than its competitors — is offering enough to warrant that kind of cash. A Barclays note, obtained by Business Insider, says an OLED screen won’t be enough convince a significant number of consumers:
Deutsche Bank is similarly bearish on the prospects for the iPhone 8, saying it won’t lead a “supercycle” for Apple, in which consumers upgrade to a newer phone more quickly than they would under normal circumstances:
Of course, it should be noted that others, including, Credit Suisse and Citi, are much more bullish about Apple’s prospects.
But there’s some reason to give credence to the more pessimistic reports. Repeated leaks have suggested Apple is having issues with producing hardware at the scale it needs. KGI’s usually reliable Ming-Chi Kuo has reported Apple may be entering the production cycle for the iPhone 8 later than expected — meaning there may be very limited inventory, and we may not see it for sale until 2018. Others have suggested that Apple was unable to get on-screen fingerprint-scanning tech to work in time, meaning users will have to rely on 3-D face-scanning tech as a biometric way of unlocking their phones and verifying payments. Fast Company’s Mark Miller said this had left Apple engineers with “a sense of panic in the air,” as they struggle to nail down software problems before the phone’s launch.
Still, this isn’t just what Apple blogger John Gruber calls “the iPhone silly season.” The iPhone 8 isn’t just a new form factor; its release this year would represent a major break with how Apple has previously released its products. Each year, Apple has steadily released a new version of the iPhone (in two sizes starting with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus), following it up the next year with an upgraded version of that phone (from iPhone 6 to iPhone 6S, say), then moving on to the next phone at the end of that two-year cycle. If the company releases an iPhone 8 this year alongside the expected introduction of the iPhone 7S (and iPhone 7S Plus), it will essentially be trying to accomplish two years’ worth of product releases in a single launch.
It will make for a confusing product lineup — a direct contradiction of the late Steve Jobs’s insistence on simple, streamlined product lines — but it might be necessary for the company. In 2016, data from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners showed that the upgrade cycle for consumers buying the iPhone has been slowing down since 2013. Fewer people are upgrading their iPhone every year, and more people are holding on to their iPhone for three years or more. Unpublished data from the group shows that the iPhone 7 hasn’t broken that trend.
Of course, Apple hasn’t even officially announced the iPhone 8 yet; the company will almost assuredly remain completely mum about the phone until unveiling it later this year. There have been plenty of leaks (with even major players in the supply chain talking openly about the phone), but it’s hard to fault Apple for dropping features that the company has never confirmed would be included on the device.
“Phone financing has encouraged this, since consumers end up owning a perfectly useful phone after they pay off the phone cost,” says CIRP co-founder Michael Levin. “And features are important, since they can encourage or discourage upgrades to new models. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus didn’t have anything significantly new, seeing as the Plus form factor was already a couple of years old, and the improved camera did not represent enough of a change to persuade owners of iPhone 6 and 6S models to upgrade.”
Which means Apple really needs the new and new-looking iPhone to work. And it’s a bad idea to bet against Apple. The iPhone 8 certainly won’t bomb; I’m sure it will be sold out for months, and Apple will easily sell tens of millions of the things, no matter what the price. But at this point Apple’s business depends on not just selling tens of millions of phones, but hundreds of millions. And if a sleek-looking phone was all that mattered to consumers, there are Android phones out there — notably the Samsung S8 — that already sport better screens, better cameras, and sleeker designs than the iPhone 7.
What really separates the iPhone from every other phone on the market is iOS. If you want to use iOS, you have to use an iPhone. Apple is about to roll out three phones, all presumably running iOS 11. One of them will probably look much nicer and more futuristic than the other two, but all will run iOS. If I’m holding on to an aging iPhone and I’m ready to upgrade, do I spend (presumably) $649 on an iPhone 7S? Or do I pay potentially twice as much for a prettier iPhone 8 that has a beautiful edge-to-edge screen and maybe not much else?
The beta is still, well, a beta, suffering from chronic battery-life issues, random buttons not working, and other sporadic general errors. But overall, it’s a great improvement. If you’re itching for a preview of what your iPhone will look like in a few short months — but don’t want to turn your phone into a disturbingly warm, virtual test subject — have no fear. Here’s a list of some of the biggest changes the new operating system has in store:
This is by far my favorite thing about iOS 11. Gone is the boring, monotone Control Center of days past, and here is the giant, streamlined display of the future! The new Control Center takes up the majority of the screen when you swipe up to view it, and it includes a variety of new functions, like a Low Power Mode button, Screen Recording options (more on this later), and music controls that are available on the primary screen. The majority of buttons have more advanced settings that you can access using Force Touch. The Control Center is also now customizable, allowing users to add and remove additional controls through the Settings app. Don’t want the calculator app taking up space? Remove it! Your Control Center is finally yours to design.
Ever flip back through your photo library and wonder why on earth 2015-you needed 12 different screenshots of some article about dogs? Well, with the new iOS screenshotting features, future-you will wonder no longer. The new update introduces a variety of new features that bring advanced controls to the screenshotting experience. There’s finally a way to send — and even mark up — screenshots without cluttering up your library. Now, when you screenshot something, the image appears (in miniature form) in the lower left-hand corner of your screen, where you have the option to make edits, add mark-ups, and (perhaps most important) share it via Messages, Facebook, and a variety of other social-media platforms without saving it to your library.
It’s like a screenshot, but a video! Apple has finally answered the prayer I didn’t know I had made. With this handy little feature — also conveniently located in the Control Center — you can capture whatever is happening on your screen in a video format and share it with the world. While there have technically been ways to do this in earlier iOS, it relied on a hodgepodge of third-party apps and a lot of frustration. With the introduction of this native display-recording feature, you can finally show the world how much time you spend aimlessly scrolling through Instagram with ease!
Live Photos gets a big update in iOS 11 with the introduction of a variety of effects that can be applied from within the Photos app. You can turn your mini-photo burst into a makeshift GIF using “Loop”; into Apple’s version of a Boomerang via “Bounce”; or into an impressive-looking blur (that is, if you’re photographically challenged, like me) through “Long Exposure.” The new operating system also brings with it the option to finally (finally!) choose which frame from the Live Photo burst you want to use as the main image. Say goodbye to all those frustratingly blurry stills!
The Notes app gets a much-needed update in iOS 11. You can now add tables, to-do lists, and drawings to your note — and adding photos has never been easier. The new update has streamlined the process of including images, which makes it much simpler to create a note from within the Photos app.
The new update extends Safari’s password autofill feature beyond the confines of the browser. In iOS 11, you no longer have to remember each and every password you use for your apps — or even visit a third-party password manager to copy and paste them over. Instead, the in-app autofill procedure fills in your username and password with ease; all you have to do is authenticate using either your device password or Touch ID. Passwords can be managed through the Settings app, where you have the option to add and remove login information for specific sites and apps.
The notification center that you have grown to know and love is being replaced … by the lock screen? Now when you swipe down, you’re brought to the screen where your notifications are displayed when your phone is locked. This change definitely takes some getting used to. And if you’re a user who has disabled Message Preview when your phone is locked, it can get pretty annoying. You won’t be able to read an iMessage without being actually inside the Messages app, which is pretty counterintuitive if you’re trying to avoid sending Read receipts …
Of all the first-world struggles out there, this may be one of the most frustrating. You spent God knows how much on your plus-sized iPhone, and yet you still must devote two whole hands each and every time you want to type. The struggle is undoubtedly real. If this sounds like you, iOS 11 is the operating system you’ve been waiting for, as it brings with it a much needed update to the keyboard that includes optimization for single-hand typing. (Both lefties and righties rejoice!)
Kinda like the new Twitter update that everyone just loved, iOS 11’s design seems to be a love letter to the curve. Rounded edges are everywhere in iOS 11 — in Notes, Messages, and the new Control Center — but no change is more obvious than in the App Store’s complete overhaul. Every inch of the platform has been redesigned, from the search function to the updates tab, and these changes go beyond pure aesthetics: The all-new App Store now features a “Today” tab, which highlights editors’ picks and currently trending apps.
If you think your iPhone is up for the challenge — or if you just can’t wait to be able to text single-handedly — you can take the plunge and download iOS 11 here at your own risk. It’ll (probably) be fine.
A few weeks ago, Apple released the public beta of its new iPhone operating system to the world. Generally, early-stage betas like this are riddled with bugs and definitely not recommended for anyone who isn’t a developer — you run a serious chance of wrecking your phone — but I decided to download it nonetheless out of an eagerness to see what Apple has in store for us when we update in the fall. (Also, because my editor asked me to.)
Here is the song of summer.
Amid Coulter’s endless stream of tweets hurled at the airline, Delta’s central Twitter account has stepped into the fray to tell her the company is having none of it. The airline says it will be refunding her $30 and called her behavior “unacceptable.”
But part of the reason for the NES Classic’s recent success is Nintendo’s deep roster of franchises that have been popular for over 30 years: Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda, and Metroid are still tremendous draws for Nintendo. The chance to replay the original titles using something that felt very much like the original console was appealing.
There are several YouTube videos of kids riding virtual coasters that have gone viral (or at least been popular enough to get bought by viral-video licensing companies like ViralHog or Jukin Media).
Or there’s this version, which is a bit more heartwarming, mostly because the kid seems to actually enjoy it — and eventually led to a GoFundMe campaign to send the family in question to Disney World.
Regardless, all the kids seem to handle their trip on a virtual coaster better than this woman wearing a Samsung Gear VR headset and riding while seated (skip to about a minute in for the good stuff).
Little-known fact: Amazon actually already delivers meal kits through a service called Tyson Tastemakers, a partnership it launched last fall with Tyson Foods. Blue Apron still remains America’s largest meal-kit service, but it had a really bad June, when its IPO tanked, and so far the month of July isn’t treating it any better. Last week, its stock price sunk so low that you could buy one share for less than a Blue Apron meal. Today’s development has already caused the price to plummet by another 9 percent, to a new all-time low of $6.51.
The Knightscope security robot was supposed to patrol the Georgetown Waterfront, a ritzy shopping-and-office complex along the Washington Harbour in D.C. But the pressure was too much for the rolling robot, which can turn, beep, and whistle in order to maintain order. It rolled into fountain and drowned itself on Monday.
On the downside, it’s has been knocked over by a drunk man. Before that, it knocked down and ran over a 16-month-old boy. It looks like some The Fly–type experiment between R2D2 and a Dalek. And apparently it has a tendency toward self-harm.
(Top image courtesy iDropNews.)
It’s been over five years since the introduction and subsequent demise of Google Glass. The original model was too pricey, too creepy, and not useful enough to justify either the hefty price tag or the social stigma of looking like the world’s most gung ho laser-tag player. By January of 2015, Google quietly announced no new products would be developed for Glass.
But the underlying idea of mixed reality continued to tick along. Apple’s new ARKit is already turning out some impressive demos. Facebook made it the centerpiece of its F8 conference this year. Microsoft’s HoloLens is truly impressive in person, even if the tech — for now — remains expensive.
And now the company is talking about its new effort, Glass Enterprise Edition. Google has quietly been at work on it for a while — it filed papers for a new version of its device in December of last year, and updated the Glass firmware one month ago. But a long profile in Wired shows that Google has completely shifted focus. Glass Enterprise Edition won’t be a consumer-tech item, meant for checking email, taking shower selfies, or creeping people out in a bar. Instead, it’ll be a workplace tool, meant for sectors where being hands-free but able to get information easily is highly valuable.
Google has also upgraded the hardware on Glass. The actual tech is now more of a clip-on you can add to safety or prescription glasses, has a beefier processor, better networking capabilities, longer battery life, and a higher-quality camera (that also has a red light that turns on when recording — even in the workplace, you don’t wanna be creepy).
It seems that AR (or mixed reality, depending on your preference) will, for the near future, fork in two directions. Consumers will rapidly start to see AR become more commonplace, but mainly through holding up their cell-phone screen to overlay information (or just some fun gimmick) on top of the world in front of them. Meanwhile, head-mounted solutions like Glass or HoloLens will be used by workers for training and on-the-job heads-up information. When and if the two forms intersect again could be years — or even decades — away.
In a lot of ways, the factory floor is where Glass should have always been; Google attempted to make it into a luxury consumer product when its applications were much more suited to the workplace. Tellingly, AGCO was already experimenting with Glass long before the Enterprise Edition came out. And Google is mainly coordinating efforts between would-be enterprise clients and those who can build out the specialized software each business will need — a tractor-factory worker will want and need different software than a medical worker — while selling the Glass for $1,300 to $1,500 a pop. (This is the same price, roughly, that the first version of Google Glass cost consumers back in 2012, but the difference between what a business is willing to pay to help its workers be more productive or safer versus what a consumer will pay for a new gadget is vast.)
Snapchat’s last update brought us the Snap Map, an excellent time-waster with the added benefit of making moms everywhere nervous. This week, the app is getting a few new, slightly-less-major upgrades. One of them — a multi-snap feature that allows you to record one minute of footage, divided into six Snaps — seems like it’ll see a lot of use.
Using multi-snap, you’ll now be able to record up to six ten-second Snaps in a row. Just press and hold the record button, like you would for a regular video snap, and keep holding it. From there, you’ll be able to edit each video and delete any clips you don’t want to send to friends or add to your story. Ideal for moments where you need to catch something on film — a friend finishing a marathon, a very good dog you creep-shot while walking down the street — but aren’t quite sure when the perfect shot will be. Multi-snap is available now to all iOS users, but Android users will have to wait. (Snap didn’t offer an exact release date.)
The other new feature seems to fall into Snapchat’s ever-growing category of tools you can use to make your Snaps fake content. Earlier this year, the company released a “magic eraser” tool, which lets users, well, erase things — trees, buildings, ex-girlfriends — from their snaps. Today’s addition isn’t quite so severe, but still lets users heavily modify their pictures and videos. To use the tint brush, take a snap and then select the tool from the app’s vertical tool kit. (You’ll find it under the scissors icon.) Select a color and then trace around the object you want to tint. Like turning the cone on a giant ice-cream piñata from brown to hot pink. Tint brush is available to all users, iOS and Android, today.
A representative from Hampton Creek told Select All that the board members in question “recently transitioned to advisory roles,” and provided a statement from Tetrick. “Ensuring our employees maintain their ability to direct our mission is as critical as the technologies we deploy and the products we launch. We will always protect this principle,” Tetrick said. The company also provided a joint statement from its board. “We continue to fully support Hampton Creek and its CEO Josh in their exciting and important mission to change the food industry for the better of all people. We will advise Josh and the team on strategies across all areas of its business moving forward.”
Update, July 18, 2017, at 11:30 a.m.: This post has been updated to include statements from Josh Tetrick and Hampton Creek.
It’s somewhat well-known that Steve Bannon, before helping run Breitbart News and eventually joining the Trump campaign and administration, had a checkered career in Hollywood. (He got rich off Seinfeld syndication dollars, but never really saw much success as a producer, director, or screenwriter.) Less known is that he also helped a company raise millions of dollars for a gold-mining venture. Specifically, mining gold in the online game World of Warcraft.
Bloomberg Businessweek reporter Joshua Green’s new book, Devil’s Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the Presidency, details Bannon’s involvement in a Hong Kong–based Internet Gaming Entertainment, a company founded by Brock Pierce, a former child actor, disgraced media exec, and World of Warcraft obsessive. Pierce was one of the first to recognize that the willingness of World of Warcraft’s players to pay real money for in-world items and gold could be scaled up into an industry. Pierce employed poorly paid Chinese “gold farmers,” who played in long, rotating shifts, repeating rote tasks in the game to gain gold and rarer items. These would then be sold with a significant markup to Western gamers willing to pay real-world dollars to avoid the grind of World of Warcraft.
Bannon joined the company in 2007, helping put together a $60 million investment in IGE, with a large amount of that coming from Goldman Sachs. Eventually, IGE was hit with a lawsuit, restructured, and sold — but his time in the video-game business left a lasting effect on Bannon. Per Green’s book, his time at IGE “introduced him to a hidden world, burrowed deep into his psyche, and provided a kind of conceptual framework that he would later draw on to build up the audience for Breitbart News, and then to help marshal the online armies of trolls and activists that overran national politicians and helped give rise to Donald Trump.”
What Bannon found was a world “populated by millions of intense young men” who may have been socially maladroit, but were “smart, focused, relatively wealthy, and highly motivated about issues that mattered to them.” While these were the same players who destroyed IGE’s business model, Bannon saw something he could use. “These guys,” said Bannon, “these rootless, white males, had monster power. It was the pre-Reddit.”
It’s only in the aftermath of Trump’s election that there’s widespread acknowledgement of just how powerful harnessing the online population of privileged but angry young men can be. Bannon’s genius was recognizing this long before the rest of the world caught on.
Bannon would go on to aggressively court this audience when brought on to help Andrew Breitbart build out his ultra-right-wing news-and-entertainment site. It was Bannon who hired Milo Yiannopoulos, recognizing him as someone who could whip up disaffected gamers. (Indeed, Yiannopoulos — who previously had no interest in gaming — rode Gamergate and its attendant rage to fame and page views.)
If you don’t spend your days watching Twitter, looking for good tweets to show your pals, you’ve likely never heard of the musical genius that is Izzy Humair. The purple-haired 17-year-old, who hails from Hong Kong but is spending the summer in New York, recently got Twitter famous — as famous as one can become in a week on the internet — for covering popular songs on kazoo. Actually, make that kazoos … plural. Humair’s shtick is connecting multiple kazoos, like a kazoo human-centipede, and then playing sweet tunes. It’s weird! It’s funny! It’s “Mr. Sandman” blown through 13 kazoos and “Fireflies” by Owl City blown through another 20! Select All caught up with Humair to discuss her burgeoning musical style and what’s next for her as an artist.
If you feel like your Twitter timeline has recently been inundated by flying dogs and celebrities, you’re not alone: “Swipe up to make fly” memes are making a comeback. Though this particular meme format isn’t new — it’s been kicking since at least 2015 — it had resurfaced with a vengeance in recent days. (Select All is going to go ahead and credit Joel Tyler’s tweet featuring Fiona the baby hippo from the Cincinnati Zoo for reigniting the meme.)
If you want to make your own, you’ve got a couple of options. The first, and easiest depending on your technical skill level, would be to create an image with a transparent background in Photoshop. But, I’m assuming if you’re still reading this guide, you might not know how to do that. Or you didn’t want to spend the money on Photoshop. Either way, here’s how to create your own version of the “Swipe to Make Fly” memes using the poor woman’s Photoshop: Preview. (Windows friends, I am sorry, but I am not even going to attempt this in MS Paint.)
Step 1: Select your image. (Preferably something you have the rights to. We here at Select All would never advise you illegally use someone else’s photo in the pursuit of fleeting internet fame.) Make sure to save it as a PNG file, otherwise you won’t be able to edit it properly later. Pro tip: Opting for something with a plain background, ideally white, will yield best results.
The gag only works on mobile. If you’re not reading this on a phone, try to do something about that. You’ll be much more entertained. There’s something oddly entertaining about flicking your finger and watching Oprah — or really whatever — float toward the sky.
[1:49]
Step 2: Open your PNG file in Preview. Tap the toolbox icon at the top of the screen. The select the Instant Alpha tool by tapping the wand icon in the upper left-hand side of the screen. Click on the background of the image you want to remove, the Instant Alpha tool will begin to highlight in red. Once you’ve selected what you need to remove, hit Delete. You should be left with just the image you want to make fly.
Step 3: Save your PNG. If you’ve done it correctly, you’ll have isolated the image you want to make fly. Add the requisite “Swipe up to make [insert chosen thing here] fly” caption and send your tweet out into the world.
Jake Paul’s neighbors used to like their street in Los Angeles. Or, at least, they did until Paul, a 20-year-old social-media star best known for his prank and stunt videos and role on Disney Channel’s Bizaardvark, started renting a house in the West Hollywood neighborhood. Since then, the once-quiet street has become a hot spot for Paul’s antics — a recent stunt involved throwing furniture into an empty swimming pool and lighting it on fire — and his legion of loyal and loud fans, the Jake Paulers.
A news anchor from KTLA 5 caught up with Paul at his home earlier this week to discuss the chaos he’s apparently inflicting upon his neighbors. If you didn’t know it was actually a news segment, you might think the whole thing was another one of Paul’s gags. In the clip, he climbs atop the news channel’s van and shouts “the neighbors hate me.” “It’s terrible, it’s a bad situation, and I feel bad for them, but there’s nothing we can do,” Paul said. “Jake Paulers are the strongest army out there. Dab.” He then … dabbed. “What are thoooooooose,” Paul screamed at the anchor and the anchor’s shoes, referencing an infamous Vine, before running away from the interview.
Meanwhile, his unamused neighbors told KTLA 5 that they are planning to meet with local officials and law enforcement next week to discuss the situation, including a potential class-action nuisance lawsuit. Paul said his neighbors are right when they describe their street, since he moved into the area, as a “circus.” “But, I mean, people like going to circuses,” Paul, a man who clearly hasn’t heard the latest news about the Ringling Bros., told KTLA 5.
When Snap — formerly known as Snapchat — filed its IPO earlier this year, CEO Evan Spiegel and his peers insisted that going forward the popular photo-messaging app be known as a camera company. Today’s big announcement from Snap — a new show in partnership with NBC News — makes it seem like in addition to being a camera company, Snap might be trying to be a television network, too.
Called Stay Tuned, the show will air twice a day and cover daily news stories in short segments. (Think two to three minutes. Four, tops.) The show will be hosted by NBC News and MSNBC News reporters Savannah Sellers and Gadi Schwartz. And if you think it’s weird that Snap, known best as a slightly forbidding zone of teen obsession, is producing a news show, you don’t know teens very well. “There’s a huge appetite for news content from our audience,” Snap’s head of original content, Sean Mills, told Select All. Mills noted that during a single 24-hour period on Election Day, 35 million people watched Snap stories. “We want this new show to feel very self-contained. Our viewers can go here [Snap] and see something, see all the most important news stories.” Because of the short format, Mills told Select All viewers can expect the show to be “visual” and “made in such a way that it’s not necessarily a lean-back experience.” Shows will populate each day on the app’s Discover tab.
This isn’t Snap’s first foray into the television space. The company launched shows on Discover back in the summer of 2016. (The Voice on Snap was recently nominated for an Emmy, a first for the company.) Its election-based show, Good Luck America, served as a research and development opportunity for the company in plotting content for Stay Tuned. (That show is currently in its second season.) “They [Snap viewers] love stories about issues that impact them,” Mills said. “Climate change, gun violence, how to pay for college. Stories that are maybe not just what they’re seeing in terms of the left and right screaming-match on cable.” Snap’s main audience “skews a little younger.” (Seventy-five percent of people who watch Snap’s shows are between the ages of 13 and 24.) The average user, Mills said, opens the app 18 times each day. Now, it’s just a matter of seeing how many, if any, of those 18 daily interactions translate to engagement with Snap’s new show. Stay Tuned premieres at 7 a.m. ET on Wednesday, July 19, and shows are expected to air at 7 a.m. and 4 p.m., Monday through Friday, with a single show at 1 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday.
So you were just strolling through a store and inspiration struck? That’s great.Yep! Basically.
When you stacked them and recorded your first cover, was posting it on Twitter already on your mind? I usually post my high jinks on Twitter, but I didn’t expect this one to blow up.
I loved the Spring Awakening cover. That made me laugh so hard.THANK YOU! I love that one the most tbh, Spring Awakening is my entire life.
Tell me about the first song you chose to cover.I chose “Mr. Sandman” because it’s an uplifting and fun song that would sound funny on a kazoo. After its success, I thought “I Write Sins Not Tragedies” would be a perfectly dramatic song to cover, and it was a lot more fun, especially because of the added kazoos.
Is it difficult to play that many kazoos at once?It’s quite fun, but they fall apart easily. I enjoy changing the color patterns and the angles in which I film for variation and aesthetic creativity.
Are you a regular kazoo player or was this a first-time thing?I made the video like a few minutes after buying them, so it was new! It just worked and it was funny, so I went with it.
What are you going to perform next?Knowing the internet, this meme is already dead. But I don’t care about the attention, I’m just sharing my antics with my friends. I’m probably going to do “Africa” by Toto!
Definitely better than that time Justin Bieber attempted to perform the song live.
If Google’s feed has an advantage over Facebook’s, it’s just that — search behavior arguably better reflects what a user really wants to see than sharing behavior does. The Facebook News Feed reflects the face you want to show to your friends (political causes, funny videos, personal reminiscences), while the Google feed, hypothetically, will reflect your inner desires and queries (medical anxieties and porn preferences). A service that serves up what I’m looking for, rather than what I want my friends to think I’m looking for, could potentially be hugely valuable.
There was a moment early in Black the Fall, the new two-dimensional side-scrolling survival game from Romanian developers Sand Sailor Studio, that got under my skin way more than it should have. I was trying to navigate a giant, sprawling, dark industrial space riddled with danger, and suddenly I came across a decaying patio-furniture set: two chairs, a table, and an umbrella.
Wasn’t I traveling through an indoor space? Why was there outdoor furniture? What was going on — or, maybe more to the point, what the hell had happened? But Black the Fall never answered that question, nor most of the other questions raised by its other, more epic set pieces. I kept traveling through its eerie world, haunted by the patio furniture. And that was, more or less, the point.
Manipulation is the other theme that hangs heavy over the game, both in terms of the puzzles you have to solve — many of which involve using a laser pointer to get slave laborers or a friendly little canine robot to do your bidding and help you progress by pulling levers or activating pressure plates — and in the environments you travel through as you attempt to survive. The regime still needs to puff itself up as big and important and revolutionary, despite having resorted to slave labor, despite the decaying factories and polluted pools of water and other signs of decline littering the landscape. Photos of communist heroes abound, as do the letters PCR, the initials of the (real-life) Romanian Communist Party; at one point, you stumble upon a scene in which one of the regime’s hulking, murderous overseers appears to be orchestrating a camera shoot to fake a bountiful harvest. Crops sway in a fake breeze under fake sunlight.
Black the Fall, published by Square Enix, takes place in a retro-future setting in which a brutal communist regime like Ceaușescu’s has held onto power long enough to enact near-total technological control and surveillance over the populace. You play as a machinist who attempts to escape “after decades of toil” under the thumb of the regime, as the game’s website puts it. The game world is suitably grim and metallic and postindustrial, with cameras and robots and various smoke-spewing machines everywhere. Black the Fall emphasizes, early and often, the extent to which the regime’s technology has been turned against its people, and just how unfair a fight this is — when one of the game’s many turrets kills your character, he simply evaporates into a puff of ash.
And it could be argued that these titles, alongside Limbo, Playdead’s earlier hit and clearly the inspiration for Inside, constitute their own novel subgenre. They all share some very specific characteristics that make them what they are: In all three games, you play a frail, weak character who dies constantly and who can’t really fight or destroy the vast majority of the dangers you face; all three are 2-D-side-scrollers that occasionally dip into a mostly unused third dimension in interesting or surprising ways (sometimes, Black the Fall, like Inside, will suddenly pivot its perspective, Fez-style, allowing you to proceed past what would otherwise be an impassable obstacle); all three involve giant, ruined industrial settings that dwarf your character; and all three offer tantalizing glimpses of rich, sprawling stories — but only glimpses because very little is explained, and all that matters is survival.
When I raised the possibility that these games are part of a new subgenre on Twitter, a few people argued otherwise, saying that they’re really just carrying on in the legacy of old titles like Prince of Persia, Another World (a.k.a. Out of This World), and Oddworld: Abe’s Oddysee. But while Another World comes closest, none of these games quite qualifies by the criteria I’m proposing — they either have traditional combat in which your character isn’t a helpless weakling or traditional storytelling with text. Moreover, until fairly recently, given certain technical limitations it would have been hard for small indie studios — the studios making these sorts of games — to even create set pieces that pack the punches the ones in these titles do, given that those set pieces often rely a great deal on smooth animation, intricate camera work, and impressive lighting.
Maybe I’m missing other examples, but either way, games of exactly this type are rare, have a very distinct feel to them, and three notable examples have been released since 2010. Surely copycats are in the works. What can this tell us? One answer has to do with the ongoing, unresolved question of how to comfortably marry “real” games with mature storytelling. Think of it this way: On one end of the spectrum are all-gameplay games that don’t really try to tell a story, like the soon-to-be-hit survival-combat title PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (which is currently in beta, and which seems to be generating a hundred hours of wildly entertaining Twitch footage per day). At the other end are “walking simulators” like Gone Home that tilt heavily in the direction of storytelling, often at the expense of all but the most rudimentary gameplay elements. Games that try hard on both fronts often suffer as a result — think GTA IV’s boring, onerous relationship-building system (no, I don’t want to go bowling, but I also don’t want to be punished for not wanting to go bowling), or any of a trillion other game’s unwatchable, poorly voice-acted cut scenes yanking you, the player, out of the action.
Black the Fall pulls off these sorts of memorable set pieces really well, whether it’s the little things like that outdoor furniture or the bigger ones like sprawling scenes of concrete waste. And that’s part of the reason it has garnered endless comparisons to Inside, a brilliant game released by Playdead last year. And in fact, they are very, very similar. Black the Fall isn’t quite on the same level, in part because the controls aren’t tight enough, and in part because its real-world-history-informed story doesn’t approach Inside’s level of engaging dark weirdness, but both are very much worth playing.
Limbo, Inside, and Black the Fall all successfully have it both ways because they imply big, epic, complicated, tragic stories without actually telling them. The set pieces do the storytelling work implicitly, and the puzzle-and-platforming-centered gameplay is solidly, and sometimes ingeniously, executed. This is an interesting middle ground — a “story” that consists of a single playable imperative, like ESCAPE or SURVIVE, draped in all sorts of and mostly noninteractive scenery. By the time you reach the end of one of these games, you feel like you would eagerly read a well-crafted novella explaining how the twisted world you just traversed got so broken. But the game itself was much stronger for having never asked you to.
These legs belong to Pawel Poljanski, a Polish cyclist currently riding for Germany’s team Bora–Hansgrohe in the Tour de France. These legs have pedaled through 16 stages — that’s Tour speak for 16 daylong segments — and have five more still to go. These legs, or at least a picture of them, have been liked by over 30,000 people on Poljanski’s Instagram. These legs have definitely seen some shit and possibly some better days.
It’s been ages since we’ve had any good viral leg content. Thank you, Pawel, for helping us out.
It’s easy to put off an iOS update — downloading the file and restarting your phone can be annoying. But you should grab Apple’s most recent update, iOS 10.3.3, as soon as possible: It patches a serious vulnerability over Wi-Fi that would allow an attacker to take complete control of your phone.
Known as Broadpwn, the vulnerability was discovered by Nitay Artenstein. It affects both iOS and Android devices that use Broadcom’s Wi-Fi chipsets. (Android was recently patched to fix the flaw as well.) Artenstein discovered that anyone within Wi-Fi range can execute memory-corruption exploits on Broadcom’s BCM43xx chips — used in every iPhone since iPhone 5 — and gain control of your phone entirely.
Now that the security hole has been patched, Artenstein will release fulls details about the hack at the Black Hat conference next week. In the meantime, just take five minutes and update. While the 10.3.3 update doesn’t have many new features and is mainly a series of security patches, it’ll also likely be the last update to iOS 10 before the release of iOS 11.
Elon Musk’s hyperloop — the superfast, underground, magnetic-rail train that theoretically reduces travel time from hours to minutes — is coming to the East Coast. That is, if you believe Elon Musk. This morning, the PayPal billionaire and Tesla CEO tweeted that he had received, uh, some type of government approval for the travel system in the Northeast Corridor.
Musk did not elaborate on which governments — city, state, federal — had “verbally approved” the hyperloop, or what that would really even mean. As Benjamin Kabak of popular transit blog Second Ave. Sagas tweeted, “He would need permits from five states, DC, a least 3 cities (& probably 5) and the feds. You don’t just get ‘verbal govt approval’ for that.” Perhaps he had a conference call with the relevant mayors, transit authorities, and interstate overseers. Maybe he had a chat with someone who works for a congressman, who nodded along desperately as Musk transitioned to his theory that we live in a computer simulation. Most government agencies responded to inquiries from Jalopnik with some variant of “Uhhh, what?”
USA Today reporter Nathan Bomey called New York’s MTA and described the press aide as “flabbergasted” by Musk’s claims (the aide also reportedly asked how to spell the tech magnate’s name). Seems like the MTA would at least need to be made aware of the giant tunnel being bored into Manhattan bedrock.
But maybe, in this period of disorganized government upheaval, Musk got approval from Trump himself; he did, after all, serve on Trump’s business advisory commission. And we all know how much Donald Trump understands complex technological and infrastructure issues, and loves to keep promises.
That’s a cynical way of looking at it. The idealistic stance is that it gets people more active and engaged in things that they truly care about. “If you are an artist, a business, a brand, or a newspaper, you can now create fan clubs and groups centered around your super-fans,” Cox wrote. “There are over 70M Pages on Facebook so we hope this unlocks a lot of goodness.”
The idea, Facebook chief product officer Chris Cox said, came from a group established by the Washington Post in which readers could speak directly with writers and editors about stories. In other words, it’s useful for brand engagement — the more you interact, the more Facebook is able to turn your activity into revenue. The unstated motivation for Facebook has been that, as users grow more and more reluctant to post publicly or widely, they are retreating to small group texts and ephemeral posting options like Snapchat (and now Instagram). It behooves Facebook to offer smaller, private spaces to motivate its users to remain active on the service.
Facebook this morning bolted yet another feature onto its framework, a mishmash known as Groups for Pages. Essentially, you can now create subforums within a Facebook Page, creating a space for continued discussion and debate away from the standard posts that appear on Pages. It lets people know that “this is the official Facebook forum for the thing you like.”
There are as many risks to offering online anonymity as there are incentives for Facebook. It opens up avenues of harassment that are generally minimized by the real-identity requirement; people are less likely to say or do heinous stuff when their real name is attached to it. But it also makes people more guarded, less open, and less willing to speak without fear of reprisal. For all of the thousands of people speaking openly about addiction online, how many more are staying silent? Maybe it’s because they don’t want to speak in an open group; maybe they don’t trust private-group members not to screenshot their intimate posts; maybe they don’t want Facebook to turn their group memberships into fodder for targeted ads.
The case for pseudonymity and anonymity is self-evident across the pre-Facebook web — bustling, productive communities like MetaFilter, ATRL.net, NeoGAF, thousands of subreddits and private forums, the influential humor of Something Awful, the wackadoo idiocy of Yahoo Answers, IRC chat rooms and Usenet, and their present-day counterparts on Slack and Discord. This is not to say that any of these clubs are perfect; only to point out that one of the main catalysts of online discussion is the ability to temporarily isolate one’s self from other aspects of one’s life.
I don’t doubt that Zuckerberg thinks his Groups product can help people (though I do think, for obvious reasons, they are minimizing how it helps the site’s financials), but one large aspect that the site doesn’t yet have a solution for is its continued requirement of real-world identifiers. Facebook’s terms require that users post under their real names and photos, and contain no mechanisms for anonymous or pseudonymous posting.
While Cox’s post highlights what it means for the types of Pages that we’d nebulously group together as “brands,” Mark Zuckerberg took a more techno-utopian approach. He highlighted the work of AddictionUnscripted.com, whose offshoot group has more than 45,000 members. “In our civic discussion we most often focus on our social safety net,” he wrote, “but I’ve found that our communities are often just as important for taking care of us, and we need to focus just as much time on building them.”
Anonymity and pseudonymity is what allows those afraid to speak up otherwise to speak openly and honestly online (even if a not-insignificant amount of that honesty is also detestable). In pushing users to speak candidly in the superficially more intimate “group setting,” Facebook could be setting itself up for a second wave of “context collapse,” the mental load of collecting multiple identities under a single umbrella. How does the person posting in an addiction forum then take that exact same username and head to a protest group, or the one singularly devoted to pictures of fat dogs? How do they feel safe that other users, or even Facebook itself, aren’t watching their every move? And without that safety, how do they bring about the open dialogue that Zuckerberg & Co. supposedly want?
Today at the White House, Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Sarah Huckabee Sanders, deputy White House press secretary, addressed the press in a briefing. As per orders of the Trump administration, no video cameras were allowed in today’s briefing, but there were plenty of regular cameras at the ready when the pair busted out the “MAGANOMICS” signs and started discussing the administration’s newly announced plan for the economy.
At this point in 2017, Trump’s underlings have got to know that holding up a visual aid — past offenses include signs, executive orders, and more executive orders — is just an invitation to become a meme. To help in this endeavor, we here at Select All have gone ahead and removed the “MAGA” from this photo of Mulvaney from today’s briefing. Please do with it what you will.
We look forward to seeing your memes.
It’s safe to say that dunking has never been hotter. Online and off, people are constantly dunking on each other figuratively and literally. America has Dunk Fever and the only prescription is … more dunkage.
The latest iteration of the Dunkpocalypse is the #DriveByDunkChallenge. Here’s how it works: First, find a basketball hoop in someone’s driveway. Next, dunk on it. Finally, post the video online. That’s the challenge. According to Mashable, the trend stems from a video compilation posted on Instagram by user @t.currie.
From there, young adults with respectable verticals across the nation have taken to the paved driveways of America, dunking to and fro with reckless abandon. Gangs of roving teens drive their parents’ Kia Sorentos through the streets at a crawl, on the lookout for unsuspecting baskets to unleash a monster dunk on. Is there any stopping these hooligans?
Salute to those who dunk and all the Dunkaroos out there.
On Thursday, the U.S. Department of Justice publicly announced its role in the takedown of AlphaBay, one of the largest secret marketplaces on the darknet.
The site — which was primarily used for illegal drug trafficking — went offline two weeks ago, causing a widespread panic among the darknet community, and the revelation that its absence was part of a coordinated sting by the Justice Department has only further exacerbated the worries of its many users.
AlphaBay was one of many sites on the dark web, which — in the words of Attorney General Jeff Sessions — is “a collection of hidden websites that you can only access if you mask your identity and your location. And it’s called dark not just because these sites are intentionally hidden. It’s also dark because of what’s sold on many of them: illegal weapons, stolen identities, child pornography and large amounts of deadly drugs.”
The very idea of the darknet first rose to prominence in the mainstream media following the public takedown of the Silk Road — the original dark-web-powered marketplace — by the FBI in 2013, but the influence of the notorious site is dwarfed in comparison to AlphaBay, which is over ten times larger.
More than 40,000 illegal vendors frequented AlphaBay, where their products were available for purchase by any of the site’s 200,000-plus members. Illegal drug trafficking comprised the vast majority of the sales, with the Justice Department reporting that, at the time of the site’s takedown, there were over 250,000 listings for illegal drugs and toxic chemicals posted.
In a statement announcing the takedown, Sessions said that “this is likely one of the most important criminal case of the year,” and warned of an upcoming departmentwide focus on illegal online activity.
Although the majority of Sessions’s statement on the subject focused on the horrors of the opioid epidemic — which was only worsened by the quick access to drugs granted to users by AlphaBay — statements such as these suggest that the Justice Department has finally begun to take the influence that darknet activity can have on the nation as a whole seriously. It’s not some contained pod of digital crime that merely involves criminals and drug users, but rather a booming underground economy that has wide-reaching (and usually horrific) effects.
Toward the end of his press conference, Sessions told criminals, “You cannot hide. We will find you, dismantle your organization and network. And we will prosecute you.”And while this sort of harsh tone is ultimately a good thing, the language used here also reflects a shocking amount of naïvety regarding the very nature of the beast itself. We will never be able to “dismantle the dark web.” It’s not possible. It’s akin to trying to chop of the head of a Hydra: You get rid of one and five more will pop up and take its place.
In the wake of Silk Road’s closure, traffickers and authorities alike thought that this was it — that there was no way that the market could come back with such strength ever again. And yet, they could not have been more wrong. The oh-so-infamous bust merely resulted in a brief lull in the digital drug trade until the hoards of other (equally dark) sites rose up from the depths to take its place.
However, it’s also worth pointing out that while, on the one hand, this whole venture of chopping off dark-web Hydra heads only for them to sprout back seems pretty depressing, on the other hand, the heads are always getting chopped off. Authorities like the FBI, the Justice Department, and Europol have gotten surprisingly good at identifying these sorts of networks when they reach a certain size and shutting them down.
“Make no mistake,” Sessions began, “the forces of law and justice face a new challenge from the criminals and transnational criminal organizations who think they can commit their crimes with impunity by ‘going dark.’ This case, pursued by dedicated agents and prosecutors, says you are not safe.”
And although this is often due to leaders of these sites being shockingly terrible when it comes to opsec — the creator of AlphaBay was reportedly found because he had posted his incredibly Hotmail-esque email address, Pimp_Alex_91@hotmail.com, on the network during his early days on the site — it’s still somewhat reassuring that the cycle of events seems to be so fixed.
This is why — despite all the fanfare and panic regarding the closure of AlphaBay — there likely won’t be any real effect to the marketplaces of the dark web in the long run. Like those that came before it — and those that will likely come after it — it won’t be long until the hole left by AlphaBay is forgotten and the whole cycle begins again; the only question that remains is how authorities are going to handle whatever’s next.
If you ask any number of women who have worked in the biz, they’ll tell you venture capital has a sexual-harassment problem. But Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems turned venture capitalist and vocal supporter of Peter Thiel’s war against Gawker, says it’s actually not that big of a deal. Speaking in Palo Alto on Thursday night, Khosla told the audience, as reported by Recode, “I did not know that there was any discrimination,” and said the problem was “rarer than in most other businesses.” Because that’s 100 percent how problems work: If you don’t see them, they don’t actually exist.
Though we don’t have a full transcript from the event, it’s likely Khosla was speaking in response to the recent wave of sexual-harassment accusations plaguing the VC world. (Not to mention Silicon Valley’s larger, ongoing problem with harassment and discrimination.) Binary Capital co-founder Justin Caldbeck is on indefinite leave following accusations of sexual harassment, and the firm is being sued by a former employee, Ann Lai, for harassment and defamation. Chris Sacca, VC turned Shark Tank host — picture the dude in the cowboy attire — recently posted a lengthy apology on Medium, promising to do better by his female peers and stop contributing to VC’s toxic culture. The apology seemed fine, if odd, until 24 hours later, when the New York Times published a story highlighting anecdotes from multiple women calling out their discriminatory experiences in VC. Sacca told the Times that he disputed claims from a female entrepreneur and investor, Susan Wu, that he “touched her face without her consent in a way that made her uncomfortable” at an event in 2009. Over at 500 Startups, co-founder Dave McClure’s role has been significantly reduced following allegations levied against him, also by the Times. “I was getting confused figuring out whether to hire you or hit on you,” McClure reportedly Facebook-messaged a female job candidate.
Meanwhile, back at the ranch in Palo Alto, Vinod Khosla claimed the industry’s sexual-harassment problem isn’t, well, real. “It’s a reality because it’s perceived as a reality, and perception is more important than reality,” Khosla said, noting he’s never conducted any formal surveys or research into the matter. Khosla also said it was “his ‘impression’ that the problem was not quite as prevalent as a percentage as it is in other industries, such as autos or finance,” Recode reports. (Congrats to all you lady bankers and car engineers, you now have permission, from a man, to gripe about the dudes you work with!) On Twitter, several women in the industry called him out. Christine Herron, managing director of Intel Capital, attributed the smaller number of harassment complaints to a smaller number of people, and women, who work in VC. She also noted there is currently no one formally tracking these issues. Ellen Pao also weighed in. “Concentration of power means retaliation is a powerful threat,” Pao tweeted.
She would know. Chris Sacca’s apology letter earlier this summer noted that while he “believed in the merits” of Pao’s failed discrimination suit against Kleiner Perkins, he didn’t publicly support her “for fear of retribution from one of the industry’s most powerful VC firms.” And if one of the top white men in the industry is scared to speak, imagine how afraid anybody who isn’t white and male must feel.
Uber has made no bones with what it wants: a fleet of self-driving cars on the road, perhaps one day replacing human drivers. It’s spent tremendous amounts of money to do that, hiring hundreds of engineers, establishing the Uber Advanced Technologies Group, and making high-priced acquisitions, like self-driving trucking company Otto for $680 million (an acquisition that has ensnared Uber in a long and costly legal battle.) So what is its biggest competitor Lyft up to?
So why would companies like Waymo and nuTonomy, or General Motors and Jaguar Land Rover, normally competitors, want to enter into a partnership with Lyft where information may get freely shared around? Lyft’s director of product, Taggart Matthiesen, says everyone in the field is recognizing the challenge in front of them. “The world has changed from a couple years,” he said. “People have realized how difficult, how expensive it is.”
Lyft execs envision a world where fewer and fewer people own cars, and transportation is increasingly viewed as a “subscription.” Lyft’s chief strategy officer, Raj Kapoor, trotted out some now-familiar numbers: The average American spends $9,000 a year on their vehicle, but only uses it four percent of the time, and the other seats in a car are empty for 80 percent of rides.
More surprisingly, Lyft will also be building out its own self-driving efforts. It will be opening a facility in Palo Alto that it’s dubbing Level 5, named after the most advanced form of self-driving-car tech in which no human interaction is required. Lyft says it plans to have hundreds of employees working at the Palo Alto facility by the end of 2018.
To sweeten the deal, Lyft will be building software and hardware for cars in its network at its Level 5 facility. It’s unclear what exactly this tech will do, but one example offered was simply providing data. “The way that these algorithms improve in new situations,” said Lyft’s Kapoor, “the big factor is, how many new situations is it seeing?”
At a press briefing Thursday, Lyft opened up about its desire to be an “open platform” for self-driving-car providers like Waymo, nuTonomy, General Motors, Jaguar Land Rover, and more. The idea is, Lyft would consolidate passengers’ requests, with Lyft then determining if the ride request should be handled by an autonomous vehicle (or — in the case of inclement weather, road construction, or a somewhat unknown route — a human driver). It would be an agnostic platform — your ride might be provided by Waymo or by General Motors — but all handled through the Lyft app.
Lyft — which fights with Uber over recruiting and retaining drivers for its network — tried to reassure its current drivers who may be leery about being replaced by an AI. At the press briefing, a spokesperson said the number of Lyft drivers “would never go lower than it is today,” while a blog post by vice-president of engineering Luc Vincent affirmed that Lyft “will always operate a hybrid network, with rides from both human-driven and self-driving cars.”
Lyft also affirmed that it was not planning to get into the business of manufacturing self-driving cars. That means details would need to be hammered out about the revenue split between it and its partner companies, while also keeping prices at a point where consumers see ride-hailing as a part of their daily life, rather than an occasional extravagance.
There’s a lot that remains unclear about Lyft’s efforts in self-driving cars. Still, there’s little question of why it’s doing it. As Lyft VP Luc Vincent put it during the press briefing: “It’s too strategic an area for us not to be a player.”
Lyft now completes 1 million rides per day, covering tens of millions of road miles. If Lyft was able to install a sensor package on the majority of its cars and then share that data with its partners focused on self-driving cars, it could be enough to get partners who might otherwise be leery to join in.
But don’t expect a 400-pound hacker to take the stand in an American courtroom anytime soon. The tactic is designed to allow Microsoft to cut Fancy Bear off from the servers it needs to carry out its cyberattacks and intrusions. The Daily Beast reports that so far, Microsoft has wrested 70 command-and-control points away from the hackers, who may or may not be agents of the Russian government.
In the fight against Russian hackers, Microsoft is using its vast legal resources to go after the tools used by mysterious hacker group Fancy Bear, and not the group itself. According to the Daily Beast, Microsoft filed suit against the hacking team in court last year, “accusing it of computer intrusion, cybersquatting, and infringing on Microsoft’s trademarks.”
Fancy Bear has been nearly untraceable, and Microsoft’s subpoena powers have provided little information about who the hackers are or where they reside (they make payments with bitcoin or prepaid credit cards). But so long as companies like Microsoft keep finding ways to move them around, they create more opportunities for the hackers to slip up.
It has also taken control of domains used by the group, such as livemicrosoft.net and rsshotmail.com, both of which use trademarked Microsoft assets. As soon as Microsoft began sinkholing these domains, Fancy Bear would register new ones, turning the court proceedings into a type of whack-a-mole that currently requires an independent monitor to oversee takedown requests.
There is an enormous amount of competition in the White House for “most memorable employee.” But sadly, the top non-president contender has just stepped aside. Exactly 181 days, 23 hours, and some change after Trump took the oath of office, White House press secretary Sean Spicer has officially resigned his post. As press secretary, Sean Spicer did … well, honestly, not a whole lot of good. But he did, through his weird love of cinnamon gum, his hatred of Dippin’ Dots, and his inability to pronounce some pretty basic words, worm his way directly into the heart of the internet. Let’s look back on all of the content Spicer provided:
That time he, indirectly, gave us all those rogue National Park accounts.
When the central account of the National Park Service tweeted some pictures of the small crowds at Donald Trump’s inauguration, the account — and all its subsidiary accounts — were placed under temporary gag by direct order of Trump. Sean Spicer insisted the White House had nothing to do with the shuttering of the accounts, but it was later revealed that was untrue. As a result, we got rogue accounts run by people claiming to be employees of NPS speaking out anonymously and, even better, actual NPS accounts, like the Badlands tweeting about climate control and Death Valley talking about Japanese internment during the 1940s.
His tweets. All of them.
During the early days of his time as press secretary, people mined Sean Spicer’s old tweets. There were some real gems, let me tell you. Spicer had tweeted, multiple times, about how Dippin’ Dots is, in fact, not the “ice cream of the future.” He also had it out for Daft Punk.
“Alternative Facts”
A great way to hit the ground running is by actively lying to the American people on day one. Spicer stood before the press and insisted that the crowd at Trump’s inauguration was the largest in inaugural history. (This is a lie, and the photos speak for themselves.) His comments, in addition to Trump’s, would later inspire Kellyanne Conway’s now-infamous “alternative facts” line on Meet the Press.
That time he got confused by satire.
Spicer retweeted a video from the Onion entitled “Five Things to Know About Sean Spicer” saying “nailed it.” One of the five things was a description of his role as press secretary as “to provide the American public with robust and clearly articulated misinformation.” It’s truly unclear if Spicer actually watched the video.
When a woman yelled at him in an Apple Store.
Spicer was spotted in an Apple Store — apparently buying something in the Apple Watch family — when a woman approached him, calling his boss a fascist. He probably should have just sent an intern.
That time he forgot how to say “concentration camps.”
While discussing Bashar al-Assad reportedly using sarin gas to attack Syrian citizens, Spicer essentially rewrote history. “We didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II. Y’know, you had … someone who is despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to the, to the, to using chemical weapons.” (Hitler, obviously, did just that.) He later couldn’t remember what “concentration camps” were called, instead coming up with “Holocaust centers.”
When somebody found his Venmo.
Friendly reminder: If you hold a highly public position in one of the most powerful governments in the world, maybe set your Venmo account to private. Otherwise, people will certainly troll you by requesting money.
When he confused Donald Trump and Ben Carson.
The gum thing.
Sean Spicer chews and swallows something like 35 pieces — “two and a half packs” — of cinnamon gum each day. Before noon. That’s weird, though Spicer said his doctor told him it’s totally safe.
While tweeting what should have been an announcement about Ben Carson as the newly confirmed secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Spicer accidentally announced the role had gone to Donald Trump. He even tagged Trump’s account in the tweet. (Both Carson and Trump have Twitter handles that begin with “REAL.”) This mistake was later rectified.
The time he joked about Russian salad dressing.
“If the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight somehow that’s a Russia connection,” Spicer told American Urban Radio Networks’ Washington bureau chief April Ryan during a press briefing. Cue the salad-dressing memes.
The time he didn’t take any questions and a choir of reporters yelled his name at an empty podium.
That thing with the bushes. Or, um, being “among the bushes.”
After James Comey was fired from his role as FBI director, the Washington Post reported that Spicer spent time talking to reporters in “near darkness” after spending “several minutes hidden in the bushes.” Later, the Post would update their story to clarify that Spicer had been “among” the bushes, rather than in them.
Farewell, Sean. We, the viral-content bloggers of the world, miss you already.
The Tesla and SpaceX CEO was certainly putting that gift on display yesterday morning, when he made a striking and confusing claim about his recently launched infrastructure venture on Twitter:
Almost immediately — as transportation, tech, and infrastructure journalists frantically called the many government press offices implied in the tweet — headlines like “Musk Touts Approval of New York-Washington ‘Hyperloop’” also blared the claim uncritically. At first, it was unclear what exactly Musk meant yesterday morning, since reporters quickly discovered that the many government entities from which the Boring Company could’ve received “verbal govt approval” at the local, state, and federal levels didn’t know what he was talking about. By way of clarification, a spokesperson for the company told The Guardian that his boss was referring to “promising conversations” with government officials, though even then only the White House would cop to having participated in these conversations, and only in the vaguest terms.
Eventually, the truth — or something resembling it — came to light: The entire story appears to boil down to someone in the ill-informed but infrastructure-obsessed Trump administration telling Musk or an associate they thought an underground New York to D.C. hyperloop was a cool idea. The fact that what Musk claimed was a vast exaggeration at best meant that it quickly garnered tens of thousands of retweets, egged on by Musk kibitzing about extending the hypothetical line to Boston and eventually building another in Texas. One woman on Twitter claimed to be crying.
The entire incident would be more surprising if it wasn’t simply what Musk does. Yesterday’s tweets are pure Musk shtick: lightly self-congratulatory, outlandish, opaque, and not really true, at least in the traditional sense of the word. It’s also emblematic of how Musk has helped to puff up his own legend. This isn’t even the first time he’s pulled something like this in the past week. On Saturday, he trotted out an old favorite of his, the overwhelming danger of artificial intelligence, while being interviewed by Nevada governor Brian Sandoval at a meeting of the National Governors Association. Musk made an appeal for the regulation of artificial intelligence, which he’s repeatedly said is a “fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization.” It’s a claim actual roboticists look askance at, to put it politely, but that generally doesn’t stop Musk.
That’s not to say that Musk doesn’t truly believe in the danger of a coming robot apocalypse — or in the importance of his “verbal govt approval” — just that these claims follow a pattern. This week is just the latest in Musk’s history of unusual claims and behavior. Last summer, when Tesla’s semi-autonomous vehicles were involved in several crashes, Musk said reporters skeptical of automated cars bore responsibility for traffic deaths. Profiled by Vogue in 2015, he casually suggested SpaceX would cut the time it took to get to Mars in half. He jokingly encouraged comparisons to Iron Man when he was spotted visiting the Pentagon for what was probably a meeting about a satellite, and briefly joined Trump’s tech council to eventually engage in the empty gesture of quitting. Apropos of nothing, he’ll just tweet about how much he loves floors, then decline to elaborate. He’s always happy to play the publicly quixotic billionaire, at turns cheeky and bristling.
It’s not necessarily surprising that people pay close attention to Musk: He’s one of Silicon Valley’s best-known figureheads. But it’s interesting that Musk garners nearly as much coverage, if not more, than famous tech figures like Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Sergey Brin, and Larry Page, all of whom are worth vastly more than Musk, and have somewhat more concrete accomplishments on which their legends might be built.
Without diminishing Musk’s obvious success, it’s worth noting that PayPal, which Musk co-founded and first made his name and fortune with, largely took off after he was ousted as CEO and the company was bought by eBay. SpaceX, the company that Musk hopes will allow him to die on Mars, largely owes its survival to contracts from NASA and other government and military agencies. Tesla is a stock-market darling, but even Musk admits that it’s overvalued. (And that’s not even covering its various sales and labor problems.)
But Musk doesn’t need to be batting 1.000 to get attention — especially not if he has a good understanding of how the media works. The tech press is both complicit in and trapped by the Musk shtick: “Eccentric Billionaire Has Strange Idea and/or Statement” is a story that’s hard to pass up, but it also means that when Musk says something as patently untrue as his “verbal govt approval” tweet, reporters have to contend with his coyness, even though he was almost certainly being deliberately vague in order to get written up and covered by cable news. There are decent ways to do this reporting, like pointing out that Musk may not be dealing in good faith, or not publishing headlines that seem to affirm — or at least uncritically spread — his dubious claims. But for the time being, as long as he wants press, Musk will get it, because he’s Elon Musk.
And because people want to read about Musk. Musk is in the business of trying to sell people a very specific and largely unrealized vision of the future, one that’s far more exciting, at least as he describes it, than those offered by the Zuckerbergs and Bezoses of the world. And he’s smartly realized that there is a public appetite for research-intensive, futuristic moon shots (sometimes literally), even if politicians and civil servants are wary of making those kinds of commitments. Musk, of course, has no such caution. But because his future doesn’t pay the bills or produce much in the way of tangible results as quickly as a giant logistics network or an advertising duopoly, he has to generate public excitement about the possibility of electric cars, vaporware hyperloops, and commercial trips to Mars. Those are large-scale, infrastructural projects that necessarily involve government support and regulatory hurdles. But that means the excitement Musk needs has to be ginned up with little concrete progress to help it along, which is why he has his shtick. When he can’t effectively lobby the government, he tries to appeal directly to the public. And because Musk is a salesman at heart, there’s inevitably some sort of ask. Here’s what it was yesterday:
Besides, when he says something really egregiously bizarre, he’ll just do what he did today and walk it back:
Elon Musk clearly knows his talents. He’s a billionaire who commands a small archipelago of companies, and he’s probably the first person you think of when you think of electric cars. But his real gift is both more prosaic and more important than any particular executive or managerial skill: Elon Musk knows how to get attention.
As of Friday afternoon, Sean Spicer is officially out as White House press secretary. At the same time, the White House announced that Trump is appointing New York financier Anthony Scaramucci as the new communications directors. (The position has been vacant since Mike Dubke stepped down in May.) Scaramucci. Say it twice and then ask if he’ll do the fandango. As in “Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?” Congrats! You’ve now made the same “Bohemian Rhapsody”–inspired joke as every other poor sap on Twitter.
Pro tip: If you search a joke on Twitter and you see that everybody and their drunken uncle has already made it, you can just skip tweeting it yourself. You’ll survive without those faves.
As the Trump presidency rumbles along, it has been plagued by one particularly fierce and dogged critic: Donald Trump, whose lengthy history of intemperate tweets has left behind dozens of published, archived statements that stand in direct contradiction to his administration’s policies. Now, in the White House, he has a companion.
On walls.
On guns.
On party affiliation.
On free speech.
On climate change being real.
On Hillary Clinton.
On blaming all Muslims for the actions of a radical minority.
On … actually, this one has nothing to do with Trump, but just read it anyway.
On Russia.
On Trump.
Earlier Friday, New York financier and entrepreneur Anthony Scaramucci was appointed the new White House communications director. Much like the early days of Sean Spicer — may he rest in peace — folks, us included, were quick to follow and note Scaramucci’s Twitter presence. Notably, the Mooch is among the most prominent White House members of #TeamFollowBack: He follows an absurd 168,000 people (including yours truly). Maybe more to the point: His feed is filled with tweets that directly disagree with the president. He has since deleted a few of them, namely ones that blatantly criticized President Trump, but for the most part, Scaramucci’s Twitter remains a museum full of relics that seem to fly in the face of key tenets of the Trump administration.
Disney Channel has decided it’s done with Jake Paul. Over the weekend, the company announced that the 20-year-old social-media star, and sometimes actor, would be leaving his role on Disney’s Bizaardvark. Paul’s mid-season departure — as in, Disney decided it was best to get Paul off the show as quickly as possible — follows public complaints from Paul’s West Hollywood neighbors about the young star being, quite possibly, the world’s worst neighbor, drawing massive crowds of screaming fans and setting a bonfire in his empty swimming pool.
From Disney:
Paul also commented on his departure. He posted some thoughts, in a Notes-app screenshot, on Twitter, saying he is moving on to focus on business ventures and “more adult acting roles.”
Disney’s or, um, Disney and Paul’s “mutual decision” follows a news report from KTLA 5 in which an anchor attempted to interview Paul about his recent unneighborly behavior in a rental unit outside of Los Angeles. In the interview, Paul climbed the news channel’s van, said there was essentially nothing anybody could do to stop him, and shouted “what are thoooooose” at the anchor’s shoes — an homage to an infamous Vine — before fleeing the scene. Earlier this spring, Paul’s ex-girlfriend, fellow social-media star Alissa Violet, posted a video claiming Paul had repeatedly cheated on her and had been emotionally abusive during their relationship. Paul never responded to the allegations, though his brother, Logan, did name-check her one time, ostensibly to make his brother jealous, in a rapping diss track — don’t watch it, it’s not worth it.
This winter, Apple will roll out HomePod, its foray into the smart-speaker market. Selling for twice the price of some of its competition, it promises a much better higher-quality audio speaker than the Amazon Echo or Google Home. But for the HomePod to really take off, people need to fall back in love with Siri.
To that end, Apple debuted a pricey bit of advertising with Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson this weekend, a nearly four-minute-long extravaganza: The Rock x Siri Dominate the Day. The central joke is that the Rock is so overbooked, he couldn’t possibly do any more — unless he has the help of Siri. So he calls a Lyft, takes a flight to Rome to touch up the artwork inside a local church, creates his own fashion line, cooks in place of Ludo Lefebvre, and takes a selfie in space — all before returning to the set of his latest big-budget action flick.
Before any Apple geeks complain that the company is debasing itself by putting a famous human in an ad for its gleaming, pristine technology, remember that this isn’t the company’s first brush with celebrity: Kevin Costner pitched Lisa back in 1983, Jeff Goldblum showed up in ads for the iMac in 1998, and Will Ferrell went to bat for the iPod in 2002. Apple turned to celebs when it rolled out Siri in 2011, with a spot featuring Samuel L. Jackson and a corny Zooey Deschanel ad that has become semi-infamous in its own right. Comparing those Siri ads to this one, Apple’s point becomes a bit clearer — Johnson is using Siri to do a lot more than just set timers or check the weather. He’s ordering cars, telling his phone to take a picture, or updating his “Life Goals” list.
But Apple may still have a ways to go to convince the skeptical that Siri can really do all that. In an ad that features the Rock hijacking a flight in order to fly to Rome, being allowed to paint as he pleases inside a R0man church, and somehow hitching a ride into low Earth orbit, the thing people have pegged as unrealistic is that Siri would understand everything:
I can’t believe I have to say this, but if you plan on driving 50 mph over the speed limit to get the perfect speedometer reading on Snapchat — which, by the way, you should absolutely, totally, definitely never do — and get pulled over, perhaps consider not admitting to doing it “for the Snapchat” when asked why you were in such a hurry by a police officer.
You would think this is common sense. Wrong. When a Georgia man was pulled over for driving an astounding 112 miles per hour on Tuesday, he took the time to remind us all that mankind still has a long way to go. When asked by a pair of cops why the hell he was doing nearly double the speed limit, Malon Neal told the officers at his window plain and simple: “Um, I was trying to do it for the Snapchat, not going to lie to you.”
Like any wildlife near the road that day, the officers were blown away by Neal’s candor. “Trying to what?” they asked. But, instead of replying with any semi-reasonable answer, Neal stuck to his guns: “Do it for the Snapchat,” he said, cementing his place in history. (And in the county jail.)
Even the city’s Department of Public Safety’s Twitter account had something to say about the affair. And when you’re getting called out by the Alpharetta DPS on Twitter of all places, you know you’ve done something wrong.
Neal was charged with reckless driving and immediately taken into custody. His arrest also resulted in one of the most Old-and-Perplexed-Police-Officer-esque sentences being included in the final incident report: “He then said he was driving in such a manner because he was attempting to take a picture using the SnapChat application on his phone” (poor capitalization choices definitely not mine).
Maybe in the next couple of weeks, Instagram Stories will release a speedometer feature so you can finally be caught being a dumbass in a hip, 2017-approved way.
Last Friday, Sean Spicer, gut full of cinnamon gum, resigned his post as White House press secretary. Following that announcement, the Trump administration named New York financier Anthony Scaramucci as its new communications director. (The post had been vacant since Michael Dubke left in May.) Online, this immediately meant two things. One: So, so, so many people on Twitter made the same, Queen-inspired, “Scaramucci, Scaramucci, will you do the Fandango” jokes. And two: A similar number of people started mining Scaramucci’s old tweets. What they found was a trove of old posts where Scaramucci vocally disagreed with major tenets of Trump’s platform, including climate change, gun control, and even a few where he candidly praised Hillary Clinton. Today, those tweets have been deleted.
There’s something poetic about Scaramucci deleting his old tweets in the name of “full transparency.” Since actually being transparent would mean owning his older, less Trumpian, opinions, rather than just deleting them and hoping nobody would remember them. During an interview over the weekend with Chris Wallace on Fox News, Scaramucci said his old tweets were a “total distraction.” “When I made the decision to take this job, my politics and my political ideas do not matter at all,” Scaramucci said. “What matters is that I am supporting … subordinating all of that to the president’s agenda.” Over on CNN, Jake Tapper and Scaramucci butted heads during a discussion of Scaramucci’s willingness to “subordinate” his opinions to serve Trump. Scaramucci compared himself to Ronald Reagan and Winston Churchill, saying that “some of the greatest leaders known to mankind” have historically “changed and evolved and adapted their opinions.”
Delete all the tweets you want, Mooch. Internet receipts are forever.
Update: A previous version of this article said The Rock was painting inside the Sistine Chapel. He is instead using his artistic skills in an unspecified church.
Early this morning, Kotaku Japan correspondent Brian Ashcraft brought an odd new meme to my attention: people jamming their McDonald’s hamburgers onto their drinks. Look, I don’t really know what’s going on here. According to Kotaku:
As a category, the anonymous-commenting service has a relatively long and definitely checkered history. During my senior year of high school, an anonymous Q&A website called Formspring.me invaded my school’s social life. Thanks to Formspring, people could anonymously submit questions to any of their peers who also had accounts. Answers were public, and the questions, unsurprisingly, were often vulgar and harassing.
Okay, sure. Apparently, it’s an offshoot of an earlier Japanese photo trend in which people put their doughnuts around their Starbucks straws, which makes slightly more sense, I guess. Curious about the meme — and because I thought I’d be able to expense my lunch to my employer — I headed to a McDonald’s near Houston Street in Manhattan and gave it a shot.
I ordered the two-cheeseburger combo meal (the GOAT of the Mickey D’s menu, do not @ me) along with a Coke. As I waited for order 441, I sheepishly asked the cashier if he had “seen anyone doing this” and presented him a picture from my phone. He laughed and said “no” and, I suspect out of self-preservation, opted against asking any follow-up questions.
As part of this piece, my editor demanded that I performed the burger-skewering in the public McDonald’s and not, as I had originally planned, in my fluorescent-lit cubicle. Meal in hand, I headed to the seating upstairs, spent definitely too long waffling between choosing a seat that would afford me the most privacy, and set to work. I laid out all my ingredients, and one flat-handed smush later, I had impaled my cheeseburger on my refreshing Coca-Cola.
I didn’t feel great about it. If I had to describe my mental state at the time, it was this GIF.
Maybe the most distressing part was that, unlike doughnuts, which have predetermined holes in their middles, a burger does not. A small bit of burger had lodged itself in the straw’s opening, requiring me to use mouth-based suction to dislodge it. I do not recommend drinking even a tiny bit of burger through a straw — and I certainly do not recommend doing it in public.
Unfortunately, the burger meme is hardly convenient. The circumference of my medium drink lid and the circumference of the burger were comparable enough that it was difficult to take a bite of the burger while it was lodged on my drink. Only slight nibbles around the outer edge would suffice. So there’s little utility in participating in this hamburger meme.
So, should you do participate in the ancient Japanese art of “hanbaagaa x dorinku”? I think you can skip it. Unless you really need likes on Instagram, in which case you should definitely do it.
San Diego Comic-Con wrapped up over the weekend, which meant plenty of folks with bags full of comics (I think? do people bring comics to Comic-Con?) headed to the airport in San Diego to travel back to their hometowns. On Sunday, Twitter user @adichappo tweeted a photo of a United Airlines warning at the airport — Select All has reached out to @adichappo to confirm whether or not they took the original photo — telling fliers they’d need to remove all comic books from their checked bags.
A weird request, considering comic books are just … books. And books usually don’t require special security procedures. United responded to the tweet saying the comic-book rule would apply to “all airlines operating out of San Diego” and pinned blame on the TSA. United also said people who wanted more information should reach out to the TSA directly.
A day later, the TSA weighed in on Twitter. While United claimed it was simply enforcing a TSA rule, the TSA said otherwise, noting on Twitter that it does not currently restrict any books — including comics.
So what’s the deal? Why is United saying one thing while the TSA is saying another, completely different thing? What does United have against comic books in bags? Select All has reached out to United to get some answers and will update this post if we hear back. Until then, just know that if somebody hassles you for trying to check a bag with a few issues of Wonder Woman in it, they’re probably in the wrong. Though if it’s a United flight, tread lightly. The airline doesn’t have a great track record when it comes to passengers attempting to stand their ground.
We’ve heard plenty of stories about Uber drivers behaving horrifically in their cars and, likewise, plenty of about passengers behaving badly. (Including that one time Uber’s infamous former CEO, Travis Kalanick— he’s currently on an indefinite leave of absence — cursed out his driver.) Rarely do we hear stories about anybody else misbehaving in Uber cars … mostly because there isn’t ever supposed to be anyone other than driver and passenger in the vehicle. That should have been the first red flag for Aner Manuel, a Boston man who claims he got into an Uber car earlier in July and found an intoxicated woman already in the passenger seat. (Manuel had ordered a private Uber, not a Pool.) The woman, according to a post Manuel wrote on Uber’s Facebook wall, “was clearly on drugs” and performed oral sex on the driver while Manuel was still in the car. Manuel included a video of the alleged incident in his post.
Uber told Gizmodo the company is investigating the incident, calling the driver’s reported behavior “appalling.” “As soon as this situation was reported to us, we immediately removed this driver’s access,” Uber said. A friendly reminder, Uber policy states drivers are not permitted to have anyone else in the car with them while they’re working. If a car shows up with somebody else in it, cancel and call another one. Select All has reached out to Uber and will update this post if we hear back.
From Manuel’s post:
Swedish prime minister Stefan Löfven confirmed on Monday that private information concerning citizens of Sweden had been exposed to serious security risks after the government outsourced IT services for the Swedish Transport Agency (Transportstyrelsen) to IBM in 2015.
Apparently, the transport agency mistakenly emailed their entire database of sensitive information to marketers in plain text. And upon realizing their error, the agency decided to merely ask subscribers to delete the old message and later sent out an updated one. The numerous security risks presented by this were only compounded by the fact that the outsourcing of this information in the first place apparently resulted in a number of IBM staff members from around the world being given full access to the transportation agency’s systems. According to the Swedish media, thanks to the issues with this setup, IBM staffers were able to access sensitive data without having the required security clearances.
Although the full details of the investigation have not been released — as it is still ongoing — it’s likely that this governmental data breach is one of the largest in recent history.
The leak was first discovered in 2015 by Sweden’s security police Säpo, which reported it to the Justice Ministry later that year, but information regarding the breach has only recently been made public. In a news conference on the incident, Löfven stated that he wasn’t made aware of the issue until earlier this year.
IBM, in turn, left an astounding amount of information exposed to a number of unauthorized users around the world — including the names, home addresses, and photos of every member of the police, secret military units, information from the witness-relocation program, information regarding the weight capacity of all roads and bridges, and details regarding the specifications of all government and military vehicles (and their drivers).
The personal data of millions of Swedish citizens — along with some of the nation’s classified military information — may have been leaked to other countries. The culprit? The Swedish government itself.
Kellyanne Conway’s definition of feminism is, well, let’s say “alternative.” She told crowds at CPAC earlier this year, “I look at myself as a product of my choices, not a victim of my circumstances, and that’s really to me what conservative feminism is all about.” (Which prompted dictionary Twitter to promptly, and aggressively, shade her.) Over the weekend, Fox News tweeted a quote card with a picture of Conway and another quote from her about “the irony of ‘modern feminism.’” “Do you agree with @KellyannePolls?” Fox News asked on Twitter. To which Kellyanne herself responded by quote tweeting the image with the caption “100%.” Love to see women supporting other women. Er, something like that!
At the very least, this is still a better look for the GOP than that time ex–press secretary Sean Spicer quote tweeted “You nailed it” with a video from the Onion which said his job was to spread “robust misinformation.” But only a slightly better look.
Uncharted: The Lost Legacy, out August 22, is looking like a promising way to eat up the last bit of summer. Dispensing with series lead Nathan Drake, this expansion to last year’s stunning Uncharted 4 focuses on fortune hunter Chloe Frazer and mercenary Nadine Ross, two side characters from the series now given center stage. The gameplay is still Uncharted — you’ll scale a lot of cliffs, swing on a lot of ropes, and shoot a lot of generic bad guys — but the change in characters creates a new feel to the series. Nadine and Chloe are more wary of each other, but also more droll and biting than earnest bro Nathan Drake ever was.
The section I played is more ambitious than anything in Uncharted 4, taking that game’s Jeep-driving exploration sequence and wildly expanding it. You’re given a huge open space in western India with three different forts to explore and numerous things to distract you along the way. It feels like a small open-world game — you can even climb a tower to get a lay of the land and your main objectives plopped down on a map — but done with Naughty Dog’s combination of tight gameplay and stunning performances. The amount of meaning the actors and animators are able to get through the subtle shifts in facial expressions continues to impress — especially when compared to the still-wooden performances you see in the majority of video games.
When you actually sit down to write the story, I imagine you sketch out the broad narrative arc. But when it comes down to specific sections of the game, how do you divide the beats between “Here’s the story we need to tell” and “Here’s the set piece and the gameplay we need”? It’s a very collaborative environment. We don’t do one thing without the other. One of the unique aspects about the studio that really makes Uncharted work is that we always approach things with the story in mind when we’re designing the gameplay elements, and we’re always thinking about the gameplay when we’re writing the story.
The two go hand in hand throughout. In regard to [the segment you just played] being very explorative and player-driven, that’s actually one of the biggest challenges. We’re trying to tell a linear story in a nonlinear environment. We had to break down a number of things: How does that work? How do we design around that? How do we build these spaces? There are aspects of the story that will play out linearly — irrespective of the choices that the player makes — whether they go to fort A, B, or C first. We still try and make that linear narrative work. We still have the arc that you would expect from a story crafted like that.
And certain things will happen depending on the player choices they make. Some aspects of the story, you may or may not experience. We talked a little bit about the side quests, so to speak, in this space as well, and players may never see anything of that — unless they go looking for it.
What did you learn about telling stories in Uncharted 4 that you brought to this game?We have an expression that we use in the studio, “Keeping it on the stick.” Which is a high-level goal that we have: trying to keep as much of the story in gameplay as we can. We were doing more of that in The Last of Us, and in Uncharted 4 particularly, with things like optional conversations, where the player can learn more about the world or engage more with certain characters. Like, do we need to tell a particular moment as a cinematic, or can we keep that in gameplay? Whenever we’re in set pieces, we’re trying to keep the gameplay as much under the player control as we can, so that you can really feel like you’re playing this experience.
Again, that was something that’s been a huge challenge in this section because it’s so player- directed. Because we’re really handing the reins over to the player a lot more. How do we still retain what players expect from an Uncharted game — in terms of pacing — while enabling a certain level of player agency?
So it’s like, “Okay, the player is going to be driving for a moment here. So this is a chance for them to talk a little bit.” Yeah, and typically — particularly during the gameplay parts, because the player might be driving for 5 minutes; they might be driving for 15 minutes; we really don’t know — there’s a lot of dialogue that we have written that some players are just never going to hear. This is like, the sixth interview we’ve done today and I’m still hearing things in this that I’ve never heard before. That’s why I’ll be laughing at the same time you’ll be laughing, because I hadn’t heard that little bit of rapport between the two characters — it’s great.
What’s the decision process like when you choose to go to a cut scene over staying in the game? It tends to be for when we need the more subtle emotional cues, when we really want to frame certain shots and tell certain poignant stories. One thing that we also find works really well is using cinematics as a pacing tool. We have a lot of players who will play through and want to experience as much of the story as they can, and a lot of players just want to play purely for the story — like they don’t care about the gameplay. We use cinematics to layer in what’s happening with the characters. What are they feeling right now? What are their goals? What are their motivations? How do we keep the story moving along? What are the revelations we’re trying to get at in this beat?
The dialogue still has that sharpness of Uncharted 4. Do you have a writer that specializes in those back-and-forth moments? And what is that writing process like?So, Shaun Escayg and Josh [Scherr] are the two writers — Shaun is the creative director as well. Those two guys have worked very closely together in terms of setting out the high-level arcs for these characters and the story, and then really building in the minute-to-minute dialogue through the game. So everything is informed by those high-level goals. And we take that into where we have gameplay spaces to make that work.
After playing through a 30-minute section of the game, I talked with lead designer on Lost Legacy, James Cooper, about Naughty Dog’s approach to telling stories.
The last time I ate Taco Bell was after a night of drinking with some pals at the local bar in my hometown on Thanksgiving Eve. My friend’s mom picked us up, and on the ride home we politely asked, or rather tipsily begged, her to bring us to Taco Bell. She did. It was great. Today’s announcement of a new partnership between Lyft and Taco Bell is basically that, except the driver likely won’t be your friend’s mom, and she probably won’t pay for your food to get you to stop chanting “Chalupa” from the backseat. (Maybe she will. You should tip extra in that case.)
Lyft’s new “Taco Mode” will initially only be available within the app to users in select areas. “Taco Mode will be available — first as a limited release — in Orange County, California, July 27–30, and August 3–6, 2017, between the hours of 9 PM and 2 AM,” Lyft explained on its blog. The feature will be available everywhere in the U.S. by 2018. Riders who use Taco Mode will receive a free Doritos Locos Taco, Lyft also said. It did not note if riders will be charged any sort of cleaning fee when they inevitably make a huge mess of that taco in the backseat.
A great ripple of anguish traveled across the internet yesterday upon the announcement that Microsoft Paint would be sent to the farm upstate for some well-deserved rest and relaxation. According to notes in a Microsoft update first noticed by The Guardian, the rinky-dink drawing program will be deprecated when Windows 10 releases its big update in the fall. Deprecated doesn’t mean Microsoft is killing MS Paint, just that it’s no longer going to expend resources on it: The program will cease updating, and disappear further into the system’s menus, buried unless you really want to seek it out. From Microsoft’s point of view this makes sense: The company introduced a completely new app called Paint 3D in its “creator’s update” earlier this year. MS Paint had become, for better or worse, legacy software.
But try telling that to the internet. Following yesterday’s news of Paint’s supposed demise, and a sudden bout of grief across the web, Microsoft was forced to issue a placating statement confirming that the classic software would be available via its Windows App Store. MS Paint — the ugliest, most limited, lowest-rent drawing application — is also one of the most beloved programs ever created. As it quickly learned, rather than brushing aside a piece of forgotten and disused software, Microsoft had announced the deprecation of one of the foundation stones of digital culture.
Still, for years, MS Paint was the quickest and easiest way to annotate an image, however sloppy those marks might be. It was always available, and its availability loaned the early World Wide Web — an era when the web was largely populated by individuals kludging together websites and forum posts using whatever they had at hand — a slapdash feel that made each image unique and instantly recognizable. Paint was, like all great and popular software, just good enough.
MS Paint’s ubiquity and its ease of use meant that anyone who didn’t have the budget for a professional used it for everything — from elementary-school kids creating school projects to wild conspiracy theorists connecting dots in their works of “Chart Brut”; from Sonic the Hedgehog fans creating folk masterpieces to gossip bloggers drawing penises on paparazzi photos. This meant in turn that its aesthetic quickly blanketed the web. Unless someone was painting with pixel-perfect precision, you could tell an MS Paint creation pretty easily: They looked, well, ugly. Lines drawn with computer mice are rarely straight; even the straight-line tool had jagged edges, the result of being a raster-based image editor, rather than vector-based (that is, formed by pixels instead of by proportional curves). Due to technological constraints, every MS Paint drawing looked like it had been done by a little kid, even when the mouse-wielder had the steady hands of a brain surgeon.
MS Paint’s legacy can be felt across pretty much every major consumer-technology product of the last two decades. For most of the digital artists and designers who create the user experiences you encounter on your computer, MS Paint was the first drawing software they ever used — their sloppy, imprecise, mouse-controlled lines and 256-color limit foreshadowing future careers in Illustrator or InDesign. But it’s not just people who became creative professionals. If you grew up on Windows (and that likelihood is sky-high), your primary mode of creative output on your computer was Paint. There are few user experiences more universal than forgetting to close a shape all the way and having the bucket tool ruin a project — and easily reverting with an quick Ctrl + Z. My family was never one to put drawings on the fridge, but my dad did have an MS Paint drawing of mine — a Godzilla-like monster attacking a city — as his desktop background at work for a while.
Maybe most important, the kind of quick-and-dirty, amateur computer use that once was MS Paint’s sweet spot has shifted dramatically to mobile devices — tablets and smartphones whose touchscreens provide different kinds of drawing possibilities. Now, you can do what you might have once done in Paint in the photo app of your phone, or on Snapchat or Instagram. Put another way, Paint became obsolete not because its feature set was too limiting or primitive, but because there’s something quicker, dirtier, and easier to use. And in every doodled Snap and Insta, there’s the same kind of charming clumsiness. That look — the continuing, wonderful, democratic ugliness of the web — has its roots in Paint.
The web has gotten cleaner and more centralized, and the options available to users, broader and more competent. The app’s feature set was quickly outdone by other free alternatives, and it was obviously meant for professional use. The idea of pack-in image-editing software is now mostly dead, and third-party apps are picking up the slack.
Anthony Scaramucci has been White House communications director for less than a week, but he seems to have already managed to pick up a thing or two — in between taking time to delete swaths of old tweets where his opinions differed from Trump’s — from his new boss. Namely, what to do with your hands while speaking to crowds and the press. The similarities between the two men’s speaking styles were first spotted, and edited into a disconcerting video, by the folks over at The Daily Show With Trevor Noah.
They don’t call him the Mooch for nothing.
Another day, another crumbling pillar of the ugly old internet finally collapses: The day after Microsoft announced it would deprecate MS Paint, Adobe has finally announced that Flash, the once widespread, and widely hated, web plug-in will halt release at the end of 2020, a little over three years from now.
For years, Flash was all but required to do anything “fun” on the web — games, animations, videos, all needed the plug-in to be installed to work. But it gobbled up system memory and was a persistent security vulnerability, and by now its benefits have been superseded by open web standards like HTML5, which has become the preferred method for displaying video. The rise of new standards and techniques means that the types of interactive games and videos that once required Flash to display no longer do — and developers have been all but forced to move away from developing Flash products as more browsing shifts to mobile, where Flash is unsupported. (It could easily be argued that Steve Jobs killed Flash by refusing to allow it on the iPhone.)
What’s left now is an incalculably sprawling cleanup operation that touches just about every corner of the World Wide Web. There’s a reason Adobe is giving three years’ notice: Adobe is developing tools and encouraging programmers to migrate their Flash content to other formats, but that is a decision left up to millions of individual websites and creators. What will become of Flash-powered sites like Homestar Runner and Newgrounds and approximately 14 bazillion spammy banner ads? (You can rest easy: QWOP has already been ported over).
Upon hearing the news, Newgrounds founder Tom Fulp encouraged Adobe to open-source the software to aid preservation and emulation efforts. Archiving Flash content is a particular challenge that can’t just be fixed by having the Internet Archive store tons of data. The biggest problem is that Flash itself requires a client-side program, meaning that it runs locally on a user’s computer rather than from a remote server. So while saving .swf files is possible, displaying them, or playing them back in a browser, still requires this legacy (soon-to-be-dead) software. For the sake of technological progress, whole swaths of the early internet have now been given a concrete expiration date. The clock is ticking.
Ever left your phone or wallet behind in an Uber? Until recently, Uber’s official policy was to put you in touch with the driver and let the two of you work it out on your own. That will change, as Uber will now start allowing drivers to charge a $15 flat fee for returning lost items.
But lost items have long been a source of aggravation for drivers. Forums dedicated to Uber drivers are full of stories of drivers who return lost items while not on the clock, only to receive no compensation or tip (or, in one driver’s case, no money and a packet of dried mangoes).
That $15 fee for lost items now stands in contrast to Lyft, which doesn’t have a lost-item-delivery fee (though it does encourage customers to tip their driver), and stops drivers from getting stiffed altogether — but it may still be too little. Harry Campbell, whose blog the Rideshare Guy is a clearinghouse of information for drivers, put together a video in 2016 about how drivers should charge customers when they leave a phone behind. He suggested a flat fee ranging from $20 to $40 for returning a phone to customers if the driver is already far away from the passenger.
Uber and its competitors, such as Lyft, aren’t just battling over customers — they are fighting for drivers. The $15 return fee is part of a wave of initiatives Uber is rolling out in hopes of upping its driver-retention rate, keeping them from switching from Uber to driving for a competitor (for drivers, it’s as simple as switching from one app to another). It recently introduced the ability to tip in its app and is upgrading its driver-support hotlines. Perhaps even more important for drivers, whose ability to earn on Uber is highly dependent on their rating, is protection from bad ratings due to factors outside of their control (e.g., bad traffic).
So if you do happen to leave something behind and have a driver make a long haul to get something back to you, you may want to tip on top of that $15. After all, it’s not just the driver who gets a five-star rating. You, as a passenger, are getting rated as well.
One day in 2014, the video-game designer Zoë Quinn decided to make herself a cyborg. And so, this being the modern world, she simply ordered a kit from the internet that would allow her, via a large sterilized syringe that she plunged into the webbing between her left thumb and index finger, to implant a microchip the size of a Tic Tac under her skin.
Quinn (who already had a magnet under the skin of her index finger, which she says allows her to “feel electromagnetic fields, like an additional sense,” as well as pick up anything magnetic as a party trick) originally installed the chip to promote a comedy video game she had begun building called It’s Not OK, Cupid. The game was inspired by her attempt to meet someone on the dating website, and, like many of Quinn’s projects, it was high concept: Set in a reality where people find love via an artificial intelligence, the game asks characters to scan a chip to verify that they are who they say they are. The joke, in part, is that authentication like that is unimaginable, really. “You’d have to be totally honest online,” she explains.And as everyone knows, the internet isn’t built for accountability.
For a while, Quinn programmed the chip, which has a short-range radio transmitter that lets it send code to compatible devices, to do useful things, like call up a link to a game onto anyone’s phone that she touched, or make a new friend’s phone automatically text her contact information, which particularly came in handy at video-game conventions. But nowadays, she says, “I like the idea of using cool cyberpunk stuff to tell really stupid jokes.” The only script she currently runs on it pops up a notification window on the target phone that says, simply, “dicks.”
The broad strokes of the episode — Gamergate, as it came to be called — go something like this: In August 2014, Gjoni published an extensive blog post accusing Quinn of various infidelities, including, he said, sleeping with a journalist at the gaming site Kotaku. The post was explosive, particularly on certain internet forums like 4chan, where it was suggested that she’d cheated on Gjoni in order to get a positive review of a game she’d built. In fact, no such review exists, but Quinn was an appealing target: She was already known for her work as a designer whose most famous game seemed built more to provoke an argument than to be enjoyable, and for her outspokenness on gender inequities in the industry.
Almost instantly, Quinn began receiving messages like “If I ever see you are doing a pannel [sic] at an event I am going to, I will literally kill you. You are lower than shit and deserve to be hurt, maimed, killed, and finally, graced with my piss on your rotting corpse a thousand times over.” The slurs were constant, and deeply personal. But the participants — anonymous or pseudonymous commenters posting on 4chan, on ever-multiplying Reddit message boards like r/quinnspiracy, or even under their real names on Twitter — framed their attacks as just retribution for a moral lapse on Quinn’s part that was larger than what Quinn had “done” to her boyfriend. It was, in the phrase that became a joke almost as quickly as it became a rallying cry, “about ethics in gaming journalism.” Somehow, one woman’s fidelity in a relatively casual relationship was imagined to matter a huge amount, as if it were the epitome of everything wrong with not just gamer or internet culture but culture in general and even politics.
And then, horrifically, that all became true. Gamergate went on for months and months, taking on a life of its own. Milo Yiannopoulos, then a relatively anonymous blogger for Breitbart, made a specialty of targeting Quinn, raising his own profile and moving the fight into the right-wing pockets of internet culture, by publishing pieces like “Feminist Bullies Tearing the Video Game Industry Apart.” The argument shifted away from video games to how “social-justice warriors” like Quinn and her defenders (in other words, anyone who suggested the harassment was caused by sexism and prejudice) were intent on bending the culture to their politically correct will. Free speech — even masculinity in general — was under attack. A lawyer named Mike Cernovich became obsessed with the case and volunteered advice to Gjoni and his supporters when Quinn eventually sought a restraining order against her ex. “Young men have it rough,” he wrote on his blog about the wider cultural significance of Gamergate. By late 2015, Yiannopoulos and Cernovich had become internet-famous, with virtual armies of acolytes who shared a distinct sensibility. And they had found a new source of inspiration, something else at which to throw their frustrations, their nihilism, the identity-politics-obsessed rage that they’d honed during Gamergate: supporting the candidacy of our now-president.
All from the lashing out of one young man against one young woman.
Quinn, who is 29, cultivates a self-presentation that can make her seem a little bit like a video-game character, the heroine of her own mythological rendering. She swears a lot, rides a Harley, colors her hair silver-blonde with a blue streak that matches her silver-blue eye shadow, and dresses her anime curves dramatically: The first time we met, in New York, she was wearing tall black boots and a black-and-white striped dress under a double-breasted coat that dipped down in the back like a Renaissance Faire costume. She carried a studded Alexander McQueen backpack she was quick to tell me was a gift, not a purchase. “The first thing I ever heard about McQueen was he wanted the women he dresses to be somebody people are afraid of,” she explained. Everywhere else, too, she has worked to make herself seem tough, with gauges in her ears and tattoos on both arms, a lip ring and the just-visible marks of its disappeared eyebrow twin. She scowls in pictures, but in person there is an essential teenage softness to Quinn: She picks nervously at her glittery gold nail polish, confides easily.
As we began to talk, Quinn put down her phone, holstered in a case of her own design that’s decorated as a pink butt — the charging plug between the cheeks — and swallowed a pill. She has been diagnosed with complex PTSD, the result of prolonged, repeated exposure to trauma. Her eyes get red when she talks about “the troubles,” as she calls it, or when she talks about Gjoni, whom she refers to only as “the ex.” She is ambivalent about the degree to which identity politics has become the thing everyone associates with her. “My big thing was please stop sending me rape threats,” Quinn said of Gamergate. “It’s hard to call that feminist criticism.”
Quinn, like many adult gamers, was a child gamer first, finding some escape from the part of upstate New York where she grew up, which she calls “shit-kicker country.” Her father worked on motorcycles; bikers were their community. Quinn played on a 3DO, a failed early-’90s console that her father had picked up at a garage sale, and so her canon of formative games is full of “weird” ones no one else really played. Depression came on young; she tried to kill herself in early adolescence. In high school, she skewed goth, sang in a ska band, and lost her virginity to an older girl who then told the whole school. She didn’t have many friends her own age, but she did have dial-up internet. Online, she found thrills and comfort: tips on her favorite games; women talking about wanting other women; Rotten.com’s pictures of autopsies; Erowid’s suggestions for how to safely do drugs; and chat rooms filled with other depressed people who became her support system and stopped her from trying suicide again. “My circle of online friends helped steer me away from potentially stupid decisions with really scary consequences,” she writes in Crash Override.
She was a creature of message boards, in other words. Some of her online friends were the kind of grown men who were happy to let 15-year-old girls pretend to be 22. She traveled to meet a handful of them, doing exactly the thing every parent in that era was terrified their daughter might do. The farthest she went was bus-hopping to Alberta, Canada, to see a man she’d struck up a correspondence with on VampireFreaks (“like Facebook, for goths”). At 17, she broke up with a man who knocked out part of one of her molars in anger. “I fucking come from circumstances,” she says.
After high school, Quinn worked at a series of dead-end jobs and did some nude pinup modeling; her glasses and tattoos got her labeled in the fetish category. She tried stripping but found it didn’t mesh well with her shyness. She married, at 19, the roommate of a blue-haired tollbooth worker she’d become friends with during her many trips out of town to meet internet acquaintances. Quinn says it was “mostly for car insurance” that the couple made it legal.
When the marriage ended, in 2010, Quinn moved to Toronto, where she had another friend from the internet. She decided to apply for one of six spots in a short seminar for women on making video games, put on by programmers concerned about the lack of women in the industry. At the informational session, Quinn raised her hand and asked whether the class discussion could extend to an online forum accessible to all the women who didn’t get in. She believes the question is why she won a spot in the course, which changed her career, and her life.
Her husband didn’t do much for work: For a while, his primary source of income was as a “gold farmer” in the video game EverQuest, which meant that he’d sell the digital currency he racked up to other players looking for shortcuts. The couple wound up homeless, couch-surfing and occasionally sleeping in their car, until Quinn got a job as a rent-a-cop in Albany. Meanwhile, her online friendships deepened, especially the ones she made in an Internet Relay Chat room, a technology that attracts some of the most hard-core, deep-web users — the same kind of people who’d later become Gamergaters. “Years passed in that IRC room,” she writes. “I spent my 21st birthday chatting with my online friends because my husband had little interest in celebrating with me, and there was no other group of people I’d rather spend time with, even if they weren’t there with me in person.”
She began to make weird, often comic games that had almost no relationship to what we think of as video games. One is called Waiting for Godot: The Game (it never loads); another, called Jeff Goldblum Staring Contest, challenges players not to blink before his photo does. Money was tight, and she couldn’t land a full-time job at a studio, but she had made enough friends online that when her laptop broke, donors on a GoFundMe page paid for a new one.
She never actually finished the game, however, and in the end, the chip wasn’t even vaguely the most dystopian OkCupid-related event in Quinn’s life. The previous December, while living in Boston, she went out with Eron Gjoni, a programmer she’d met on the site, with whom she had a 98 percent match. The first date involved drinks at a dive bar in Cambridge, sneaking into Harvard Stadium, a sleepover. They started a relationship that was intense at first, then off and on as the spring wound down. It was not an unusual course of events for a 20-something romance. But what followed was extraordinary, an act of revenge on an ex that became about much more than the two of them, that rippled across the video-game industry and far beyond. As Quinn writes in her memoir, Crash Override, out this September from Public Affairs, “My breakup required the intervention of the United Nations.”
When Quinn and Lindsey released Depression Quest in February 2014, it was a minor hit. It also occasioned a rape threat directed at Quinn, and a discussion on Wizardchan, a message board for adult male virgins, of how much the game “sucked” and how a woman could never really know true depression. Some of those users found Quinn’s phone number — she had entered it on a spreadsheet for volunteers after the Boston bombing — and began to call her.
Then, in a two-week binge, with the help of the writer Patrick Lindsey, Quinn finished a free, text-based game called Depression Quest, a choose-your-own-adventure-style journey in which the player struggles to make the minor decisions of daily life and, as the game progresses, finds that the healthy option — seeing friends, exercising rather than staying in bed, even seeking treatment — isn’t always available to her. It was the kind of idea-driven experimentation that excites indie designers and a certain kind of liberal-artsy video-game critic (“Writers liked it because it turns out a lot of writers have depression,” she told me), but which the majority of the video-game community doesn’t like at all. Depression Quest isn’t fun to play, and while that might be exactly the point Quinn was trying to make, for many, gaming is meant to be an escape from the difficulties of the real world, not a meditation on it.
Quinn doesn’t believe it was an accident that the brunt of the criticism was directed at her and not at her male co-writer. She saw friends on Twitter arguing that the gaming community didn’t have a problem with women, that “these are all lone wolves,” she said. “Motherfucker, then there’s a pack somewhere.” She posted the screenshots of the harassment she’d gotten. This mostly served as an invitation to escalate the attacks.
But it also helped her to cultivate a reputation as someone who spoke out on issues of inclusion and misogyny in the industry. She was chosen as one of two women on Game_Jam, a reality-TV show Maker Studios was trying to mount about indie game designers. Quinn helped incite a rebellion on the first day of filming when, among other things, the producer asked a male competitor if he thought his team was at a disadvantage because there was a “pretty woman” on it. Production shut down, costing Maker Studios hundreds of thousands of dollars. Quinn also flew out to San Francisco, with her then-boyfriend Gjoni, to give a talk at a gaming conference about the harassment she’d experienced.
Video games weren’t always such a male-dominated world. In the early days, they were so simple that there weren’t really ways to gender the games themselves (think Space Invaders). A successful 1970s game called King’s Quest was both designed by a woman and mostly played by a core audience of women in their 30s; female protagonists weren’t remarkable.But in 1983, the industry experienced a severe recession — precipitated by a glut of low-quality games, and especially by the massive flop that was the Atari E.T. game, designed quickly at Steven Spielberg’s behest. (Fewer than a third of the 5 million copies produced were sold, resulting in a disaster so complete the company buried and cemented-over copies in a landfill in the New Mexico desert.)
And “gamer” matured into an identity — a distinctly modern, if not forward-looking, version of escapist masculinity. “Live in Your World. Play in Ours,” went the Sony PlayStation slogan. To observers, it could be hard to understand why a community of demographically advantaged young people would feel the need to protect their community from interlopers like Quinn, or the few female gamers before her who talked about gender in gaming. But any accommodations to diversity, or signals among journalists or developers that perhaps this might be valuable, did seem to provoke a hostile backlash. On 4chan and other sites, young men “policed the purity of games — the boundaries of what was a real game and what was not,” says Anita Sarkeesian, who, in 2012, came under attack from a proto-Gamergate horde for her video series called Tropes vs. Women in Video Games. She explains the intensity of harassment directed to women gamers with some sympathy. “When you have been told as a boy that games are for you, you have this deep sense of entitlement,” she told me. “Then they’re told they deserve fancy cars and hot women. When they don’t have that, they’re like, At least we have games. And then they see women saying, no, we’re here too.”
The industry languished until Nintendo broke through in 1985, in part by marketing its consoles as toys, not just games — and thus launching itself into the gender-binary world of toy stores. (Its most famous product was Game Boy.) Research showed that more boys than girls were playing, which only reinforced the marketing strategies, which in turn reshaped the industry. To hook the adolescent-and-beyond segment, sex was introduced, at least in a theoretical way. Women were depicted on game covers as panting onlookers. Female protagonists, like Lara Croft, had builds that would give Barbie a crisis of confidence. Games like Myst and the Sims still had largely female playerships, but shooter games began to dominate the public conception of what a video game was.
In June 2014, Gjoni and Quinn saw each other for a coda to their relationship, back in San Francisco once more. Even though they were in the same place, he communicated with her mostly via Facebook Messenger, from a library, trying to get her to confess to cheating, and asked for access to her accounts for proof. Gjoni had begun to compile a dossier of all their communications and of hers with others on public platforms.
Quinn has never directly addressed whether there was any validity to Gjoni’s claims that she’d cheated on him — texts between them show it was a complicated, intense relationship — and I never felt I needed to interrogate that. I think she got it about right in a Tumblr post from August 2014 when she wrote, “The idea that I am required to debunk a manifesto of my sexual past written by an openly malicious ex-boyfriend in order to continue participating in this industry is horrifying, and I won’t do it.” But recently, when I asked a friend to walk me through Gamergate attacks — which he had followed closely, with disgust — he said a couple of times that Quinn was “a really bad girlfriend.” I don’t think he meant it as a justification for all that the mob had unspooled, but it was as if something from deep inside his psyche had seeped out without him even realizing it was in there. “If I can target people who are in the mood to read stories about exes and horrible breakups,” Gjoni told Boston Magazine of his thinking, “I will have an audience.” He said he had estimated the chances that she would be harassed at 80 percent.
According to Quinn’s account, they had sex one last time in San Francisco, and she says Gjoni became “violent” during the encounter. (Gjoni strongly denies this characterization.) She left with bruises on her arm, she says, and later found out she was pregnant. They went back and forth, in a series of emotional texts, about whether to keep the baby. She considered it, then thought about what she would be giving up. She had an abortion, stopped talking to Gjoni, blocked him on several forms of communication, and didn’t speak to him until the “Zoe Post,” as he titled it, went live. He wrote it, he told me, “as a cautionary tale for those who stood to be harmed by Zoë.”
Quinn was at a bar with friends and her new boyfriend of a week, Alex Lifschitz, celebrating her 27th birthday, when she got a text from a friend: “You just got helldumped something fierce,” it said. “I tried to focus on the conversation at the table, but the agitated rattling of my phone was the only thing I could hear,” she writes in her book. “It was like counting the seconds between thunderclaps to see how far away the storm is and knowing it’s getting closer.”
Quinn had displayed and lived so much of her life online that, with diligent searching, it was possible to burrow deeply into her psyche and personal history and friendships. Once her personal information had been exposed — her address and phone number were published, her Tumblr and other accounts were hacked into — she and Lifschitz began staying with friends. When her father’s address was posted, he began getting photographs in the mail of his daughter covered in a stranger’s actual semen. When Quinn’s grandfather died, she watched as posters in the forums boasted about combing his obituary for additional family members they could harass. Rather than try to reset her accounts, she deleted many of them. It was, she writes, “wrenching,” like burning photographs that don’t have negatives. Anyone who defended Quinn or the idea of a more diverse industry — Sarkeesian, developers like Brianna Wu and Phil Fish — also became targets.
When Quinn first reported the harassment to the police, they were confused, and wouldn’t accept the USB drive she presented as evidence, so she printed the worst of the worst, 70 pages of it until the ink ran out. Gjoni remained unapologetic. He told a journalist that he had written a sequel to the original post (which hadn’t mentioned the abortion) and it was set to auto-publish if he didn’t manually disable it within 24 hours after a court date — for instance, if he were jailed for violating the restraining order the police eventually granted Quinn.
Quinn stopped seeking criminal-harassment charges in the fall of 2016. Although a judge forbade Gjoni from posting any more about her, the mob of anonymous 4channers was nearly impossible for the judicial system to address — there were too many actors for liability to be clear, and the restraining order had only riled them up more.
On a sunny L.A. morning in April, just past the churning muscles of the USC swimmers hard at practice, a quiet stream of young people with tattoos or My Little Pony–colored hair — dusty rose, soft tangerine, one especially dreamy mane of bright turquoise and ’80s hot pink — walked into a classroom building, for the annual Queerness and Games conference. Attendees, a fair number of whom were women, people of color, or trans, were asked to write their preferred pronouns on a name tag; many scribbled down the gender-neutral “they.” Quinn wrote, “Any work for me :).”
This was as far as you could get from conferences like E3, where triple-A studios (the Hollywood-studio equivalent) showcase their wares. Here, there were panels on “Unruly Bodies: The Queer Physics of Fumblecore” and “Cute Games: Using Icelandic Krútt Music to Understand Revolution and Resistance in Alt/Queer Games.” Booths displayed games designed by attendees, many meant as social learning as much as play, like one on “emotional labor and otherness.”
Stephen Totilo, the editor of Kotaku, told me that one of the reasons Gamergate exploded when it did is that it coincided with the rise of indie game culture, in which newly powerful laptops and cheaper technology meant that outside studios, more people could make games about whatever seemed interesting to them, with any kind of protagonist they wanted. But gaming is a culture obsessed with delineation and hierarchies; Totilo points to the ’90s, when politicians began to blame video games for violence, as the moment when, in a defensive crouch, there arose the “sensibility that there is real gaming and there is the people outside who don’t get it.” And that any criticism of gaming culture, even from inside of it, amounted to an attack. As I listened to the conference’s keynote speaker, John Epler, answer questions from the audience about why he designed the hit game Dragon Age without “romanceable” queer or fat or dwarf characters, I began to think about how all anyone wanted in that room was to be able to imagine themselves in these imaginary worlds. A refuge from the more difficult one was what both sides of this intra-gaming war wanted, and yet it was so hard for each to see that in the other.
As they stood outside the bar, one friend showed Quinn that her Wikipedia page had been changed to say she was going to die “soon”; it was then edited to show her date of death as her next public appearance. Nudes from her time modeling circulated. She and Lifschitz stayed up all night fielding messages and texting with friends who were working to get the posts deleted, taking screenshots of everything. (Quinn keeps the documentation of her harassment in a file called “Just Another Day at the Office.”)
She was at the conference to give a seven-minute “microtalk” on the subject of “what then, once you survive a time of acute distress.” She spoke a little nervously and ran through the coping mechanisms she had used during the intense onslaught of Gamergate. Hypervigilance, avoidance, the desire for intense security, constant self-scrutiny. “It sounds really sad when you tell someone who hasn’t had to deal with that kind of thing,” she said. I had observed that Quinn seemed to struggle with each of these in the time we spent together. Her phone constantly buzzes, and she told me she sleeps with it next to her, just in case something happens. She vacillates between the openness that is her natural mode — tweeting selfies in a new dress, pictures of her cat — and an intense fear that her words will be used against her. She has changed her cell-phone number three times since March.
During the worst of Gamergate, in the summer and fall of 2014, Quinn and Lifschitz had become obsessive, tracking message boards all day long, losing touch with the rest of the world. Quinn became “definitely an alcoholic,” she says. By the time the couple broke up, they were more “war buddies,” in her phrasing, than romantic partners. They hadn’t kissed in nine months, but also hadn’t left one another’s side for more than several hours at a time. “For months, it was every day waking up to some new nightmare that validates your worst ideas about the people and industry around you,” Lifschitz told me.
Quinn can be analytical when talking about what happened to her: She believes that abusing her turned into a game in which participants tried to outdo one another with their vitriol; upvotes and retweets on social media showed them they’d scored. She also believes that Gjoni knew exactly the kind of situation he would create when he posted in the gamer forums. “Look at Elliot Rodger,” she told me, referring to the man who, in 2014, went on a killing spree at UC Santa Barbara. “He posted in the same places. Look at Dylann Roof. It’s like you’re playing Schrödinger’s murderer with all these people. Are they a shitty fucking edgelord” — a 4chan term of art for a certain kind of nihilist omnipresent on the site — “or are they actually going to kill me?” She also believes that he was taking advantage of his knowledge of her mental-health history. “Imagine all of the shitty tapes that play in the mind of a depressed person, externalized and with Twitter accounts blasting at you constantly.”
Gamergate’s harassment of Quinn slowed as 2015 began. It didn’t end — “A lot of what was happening in Gamergate was happening before it and has been happening since,” says Totilo. “The wounds are still more open than people realize” — but there were new targets: the actor Leslie Jones, supposedly ruining Ghostbusters by her mere presence in its reboot; John Boyega, doing the same with Star Wars; the new, more diverse Spider-Man comics — the list of villains went on and on. Gamergaters had not only created a whole new set of celebrities, like Yiannopoulos and Cernovich; it had solidified their methods (message-board-coordinated harassment on public-facing platforms, publishing personal information, creating memes about the target that made the whole thing seem fun) and their grudges had calcified into a worldview, one in which a cabal of identity-politics-obsessed feminists were nagging, whining, and guilting the world into watering down and ruining everything good that might have been.
When people would call Quinn’s phone, she said, they wouldn’t know what to do upon hearing her voice. “I’m a stand-in for other bullshit they’ve got going on,” she said. “They are the hero of their own story, and when you think you’re the good guy, you can get away with doing anything. If you think your enemy is a symbol and not a person, suddenly there’s a bunch of inhuman shit you have the emotional bandwidth to do, and I know, because I’ve been an asshole. If Gamergate had happened to somebody else, years earlier, I probably would’ve been on the wrong side. As a shitty teenager with mental illness that had a misogynist streak and loved video games? Yeah.”
Quinn didn’t move on as quickly. She kept lurking in the chat rooms where her abuse had originated. She and Lifschitz had spent the past year becoming experts in documenting and reporting online harassment, and they decided to start an organization, Crash Override, that took on those tasks for others targeted by similar mobs. (The nonprofit is funded through Anita Sarkeesian’s Feminist Frequency.) Quinn became a figurehead for the movement; she and Sarkeesian were invited to speak before the U.N. about how to combat a “rising tide of online violence against women and girls.”
Quinn was late — her Harley had broken down — but when she arrived, big black sunglasses on, she was quickly surrounded by a circle of friends, whom she hugged, and conference attendees who shyly edged up to the circle to introduce themselves. She had told me in New York that what she missed most was her “freedom.” “There’s me, and then there’s the idea of me that other people have,” she said. “And if they think I’m some kind of internet hero or if they think I’m some kind of internet Satan, it’s still not me.”
But Quinn is also still feeling out what kind of person she’s become. Sometimes she seems invigorated by what she can do with her newly public platform — she refers to it as a “calling” in her book. Other times she sounds exhausted by indie gamers fixated on what she calls “misery porn” and unable, when they talk to her, to see past her as someone who has endured persecution. She remains very interested in identity, which in video games can be both thrillingly fluid and depressingly fixed. Her own is still in flux — she identifies as queer and is “pronoun-agnostic.” “Any kind of gender expression is performance for me, regardless of where it is on the spectrum,” she told me.
Quinn is nearly done building a new game, crowdfunded with $85,000 of Kickstarter contributions, to be released this fall. It’s a satirical full-motion video project about the campy erotic-fiction icon Chuck Tingle (known for titles like Buttageddon). A team of around ten built the game, but according to John Warren, her business partner on the project, Quinn is responsible for the majority of the programming, in addition to writing the narrative. “A lot of people are quick to assume she isn’t the one doing the technical stuff,” he says, in the same way “women at E3 always get asked if they’re in marketing.” It’s by far the most complex project she’s made.
The premise of Fail State, a meta one, is that players find themselves inside an imaginary, multiplayer, web-enabled game that was so disastrously built and incoherent that its creators will shut it down soon — a dying world that, it turns out, players love anyway. It’s a “microapocalypse,” in Warren’s words, in which “everyone is facing the end of this thing that’s really important to them.”
I thought about why Quinn might have been drawn to build a world like that, fallen and imploding and yet treasured, full of surprising joy and possibilities. During one of the hearings for the legal action against Gjoni, a judge who saw no grounds for criminal harassment charges suggested that Quinn get a job that didn’t involve the internet, if the internet had been so bad to her. She told him that there was no offline version of what she did. “You’re a smart kid,” he replied. “Find a different career.”
To Quinn, this was one of the most coldhearted moments of the whole ordeal. Because for all that the web has taken from her, she still believes it has given her far more. In her book, she writes, “The Internet was my home,” as it is all of ours now.
Warren met Quinn when he tried to hire her to work on a game; he knew who she was from Gamergate but had also played Depression Quest. He liked her ear for dialogue and facility with branching narratives. The rest of his team ultimately vetoed Quinn’s hiring — “She was an attention magnet in a way they weren’t comfortable with,” Warren says — but Quinn and Warren kept talking and, eventually, she told him about Fail State, a game she’d been dreaming of making for a while.
*This article appears in the July 24, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
It is clear from Quinn’s book — already optioned by Amy Pascal, with Scarlett Johansson attached — that she has, in part, learned to make sense of her own situation by thinking about the systems that created it: Crash Override is almost more sociology than memoir. Quinn relates her own story, but mostly she’s interested in using it as a case study to explain why harassment happens and how difficult it is to get the big web-platform hosting services (Twitter, in particular) to respond helpfully. She’s smart and clear-eyed about how the attention economy of the internet and structural problems — hyperpartisanship, “content-neutral algorithms” — work against the targets of abuse.
The movement also had a new hero: Donald Trump, who didn’t have much to say about video games but had plenty to dog-whistle about identity politics. Steve Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman who served as the connection between the alt-right and the White House, has said that he was struck by the power of “rootless white males” on websites about World of Warcraft (which he’d learned about by investing in a firm that sought to profit off the kind of “gold farming” that Quinn’s ex-husband had done) and actively thought about how to co-opt their potential. Gradually, many of the accounts that had been obsessed with Quinn and ethics in video-game journalism changed their avatars to Pepe the Frog, tweeted about #MAGA, and explored white nationalism.
Vine star turned YouTube star turned Disney Channel star turned ex–Disney Channel star Jake Paul is many things. Humble does not appear to be one of them. The 20-year-old was recently let go from his role on Disney Channel’s Bizaardvark following a news report that his neighbors in Los Angeles are threatening a class-action nuisance lawsuit against him. Just days after Disney announced Paul and the company had decided to mutually part ways — which, sure — GQ published a piece titled “The New Rules for Making It in Hollywood.” Paul is prominently featured in it, and timing, as they say, is everything.
It’s hard to think of an upside to mosquitoes. Malaria is perhaps one of the most deadly diseases in human history. Then there’s yellow fever, dengue, and West Nile, not to mention Zika, a tropical-zone also-ran, until it began to be associated with horrific birth defects. Scientists suspect that, on balance, mosquitoes don’t contribute much of anything to the ecosystem, other than fending off humans from despoiling rain forests. They aren’t even particularly important to the diet of most of the predators that eat them. And so, as we reach new heights of mosquito fear, we’ve devised ever-more-advanced ways to kill them.
Around the yard, there are expensive gadgets, like the propane-powered mosquito trap Mosquito Magnet® Patriot Plus ($329.99), which lures the bugs with a plume of carbon dioxide, then vacuums them up to their doom. On a larger scale, DDT works well. Thanks to nearly indiscriminate spraying mid-20th century, the long-lasting poison virtually eliminated the Aedes mosquitoes in many parts of the world. But it turned out to have those regrettable Silent Spring side effects.
There are even experiments in what only could be called species-cide: Mutant mosquitoes, modified by scientists in various ways to interfere with their reproduction, have already been released in Brazil, China, Panama, and elsewhere. In mid-July, Google’s sister company Verily Life Sciences began unleashing 20 million sterile male mosquitoes into the Fresno County insect dating pool.
Watching this highly calibrated tabletop “lethal demonstration” at the geek-cave offices of Intellectual Ventures, which has backed the development of this military-grade science-fair project for eight years, is, as you might expect, enormously satisfying. There is the laser itself, aimed by a mirror that is synced to a camera that identifies the pest marked for death based on its shape and size and the distinctive beat of its wing, and a monitor that allows you to watch its autonomous targeting. And it does so fast: 100 milliseconds is the time allotted to see the bug and shoot it for the 25 milliseconds it takes to kill it. For added drama, at least in the lab, each tiny, abrupt death is accompanied by the sound effect of a Star Wars blaster — Feow! Dead. Feow! Dead.
Which is to say, the human war on mosquitoes is high-tech, high-concept, and without pity. So why not use anti-missile laser technology against them too? That, at least, is the thinking of Intellectual Ventures Laboratory outside Seattle, which has built a contraption that can locate, target, and zap mosquitoes out of the air with invisible lasers. I know because I watched it massacre 25 of the suckers, picking them off, one by one, as they fluttered about with frustrated instinctual menace inside a foot-square Lucite box (they could smell the CO2 I was emitting and wanted to get at me). It’s called the Photonic Fence, and when eventually deployed, it will kill any mosquito that attempts to cross it.
As I watch this bloodbath in a box, filamental bodies begin to clutter its floor. Sometimes, after falling, they get up again, stagger around, dazed, legs quivering, as if searching for a place to hide from whatever mysterious force struck them down. Arty Makagon, the deadpan mechanical engineer who runs the technical side of the bug-zapper project, assures me that they won’t survive long. One of the things the engineers at Intellectual Ventures have calculated, after systematically slaughtering more than 10,000 mosquitoes, is the minimum lethal dosage. Often now there is no apparent laser trauma on the teensy carcass: It is not necessary to gouge a hole in them, or cause their wings to burst into flame, for example. He instructs me to tap on the box’s walls to get the last few mosquitoes aloft and into the target zone. Feow! Dead.
The world’s most overengineered bug interdiction system is a project of Nathan Myhrvold, who, since he retired from his job as chief technical officer of Microsoft Corp. in 1999, has dedicated himself to a madcap array of sophisticated world hacks. Myhrvold co-founded Intellectual Ventures (IV) in 2000 as an invention skunk works, a quasi-personal lab where the geek mind is allowed to think big and roam free. He unveiled the zapper a decade later, at a TED talk in 2010, pitching it as a futuristic tool to help fight malaria, which his friend and former boss, the world’s richest man, Bill Gates, had taken on as one of his causes. IV set up a division called Global Good for those collaborations. (It made a superinsulated vaccine storage unit, for example, which is very useful in disease-ridden places without electricity.)
At TED, Myhrvold presented the mosquito-targeting Photonic Fence with deft nerd showmanship, explaining how it was typical of his company’s “dramatic, crazy, out-of-the box solutions.” And the demonstration he gave, which included slow-motion skeeter-snuff films, gave the impression that the fence would be coming soon to protect the human population from this age-old menace.
This was six years before Zika abruptly scaled up and mosquito panic became pitched high enough that there was talk about bringing back DDT. But oddly, even within that context of anti-mosquito mania, the Photonic Fence went unmentioned. A TED Talk and then, silence. Mosquitoes flit about the planet seeking our blood, unconcerned by this weapon out to get them.
I first met Myhrvold and his dedicated zapper team at IV earlier that day at their unmarked suburban offices, which overlook a highway, as if something too important to be disclosed was taking place there (and there might be: Myhrvold’s sympathies with the operations of the national-security state were clear in his 2013 essay Strategic Terrorism: A Call to Action). There’s no sign, but there is a gigantic silver bulb of a Van der Graaf generator out front. Inside, it’s a stem candy land, with a working Tesla coil dangling from the lobby ceiling. The Wi-Fi network is named Raptor.
“It’s true that this is kind of an odd thing,” Myhrvold admits when I meet up with him at the lab. He talks in a raspy, ecstatic-pedant singsong, occasionally slamming his hand against the table to emphasize a point or breaking into a rat-a-tat Don’t you get it? laugh.
In 2008, Myhrvold gathered some of his geniuses-on-file for a periodic marathon brainstorming session — malaria abatement was the topic. Astrophysicist Lowell Wood, who’d worked on the Strategic Defense Initiative (a.k.a. Star Wars), which was supposed to shoot down ICBMs with lasers, suggested using the same concept for bugs.
He’s wearing a T-shirt, with AT/GC on it in gothic script, separated by a double helix, like an AC/DC T-shirt, which he keeps tugging down over his belly as he squirms in his seat holding forth. (“The letters in DNA are ATGC,” he explains. “Of course, if you write it in the style of AC/DC, people think it is an AC/DC shirt, but then you put the DNA in between. So this is high-ironic nerd humor.”)
“And we thought, Nooo, that’s not going to work,” remembers Myhrvold, cackling with the delight that seems to buoy him through his restless life as a 57-year-old multimillionaire polymath. “What we mean by work is that you can do it cheaply and easily. Your cell phone has fancy processors in it for doing graphics and compressing your speech. You can use those and digital cameras. And amazingly enough, laser printers have little digital assemblies in them that steer the laser beam to millions of points on a piece of paper. Which means that all of the pieces to make it work are there, which we did quite quickly; we’ve just been trying to find the right folks to ‘productize’ it.”
Myhrvold, who has a Ph.D. in theoretical and mathematical physics from Princeton, envisioned Intellectual Ventures as a merchant of ideas, not a producer of products. To finance those ideas, IV would storehouse patents, drawing on both the work of its own global network of researchers and those that it bought elsewhere. The bet was that enforcing its intellectual-property rights would provide a steady income stream, as other companies paid to use IV’s patented ideas in their products. The company started a fund that raised billions of dollars to invest in patents and even floated the idea of patent-backed securities. It now owns nearly 30,000 patents, many of which are used by tech companies, including, yes, Microsoft.
Myhrvold’s a big big-idea guy: At Microsoft, in the early 1990s, he would write endless numbers of blue-sky memos predicting where what was then called the “information highway” was taking us, so that the company could make lots more money when we got there. Those ideas helped form the basis of Bill Gates’s 1995 best-seller The Road Ahead, a book so advanced that it came packaged with a CD-ROM (inside, Gates also took the time to explain what a CD-ROM was). Rereading it today, The Road Ahead does a remarkably good job of mapping our digitally disrupted present, where “friction-free capitalism” would upend newspapers and music, advertising and “content” would target us individually, we’d all carry around “wallet PCs,” and electronic shopping — “no bricks, no mortar” — would upend retail.
Not everyone appreciated paying for something IV was just sitting on and not “productizing.” The company has often been accused of being a “patent troll,” squatting under the bridge of innovation demanding its tribute to cross; CNET once called it “the most hated company in tech.” Myhrvold defended his patent business in an article he wrote, headlined “Funding Eureka!,” in the Harvard Business Review in 2010, which just so happened to come out the month after his ted Talk on the Photonic Fence. Maybe that wasn’t a total coincidence: Being known as the guy who shoots down malarial mosquitoes with laser beams is, if nothing else, a good way to change the subject.
The only problem was that if you listened carefully, it became clear that the TED demonstration was a little bit faked. Myhrvold swapped the invisible infrared laser used to fry the bugs in tests at the lab for a cool-looking nonlethal green laser pointer that aimed at a Lucite box of mosquitoes across the stage, targeting them for theoretical death. But, since he knew the audience’s insect bloodlust could not be disappointed, he followed up the nonlethal light show with those slow-motion kill videos of the more carefully stage-managed mosquito target practice filmed at the lab. One of the most vivid images was a close-up of an execution in which the mosquito was, it turns out, glued to a pin, disabling flight, to “control variables.” But the TED talk has now been viewed 847,000 times, and the crowd went wild, so it was easy to get carried away with thinking this was coming out soon. “We didn’t dissuade people from saying it’s ready either,” Makagon admits. “Or communicate with people how long it would take.”
And so, over the last seven years, “it got lots of attention,” says Myhrvold. “Lots of people who would kick the tires a little bit,” without actually deciding to invest in it. But despite Myhrvold’s enthusiasm, the Photonic Fence hasn’t been all that easy to actually build. It’s taken years of development to figure out how to continuously track and identify a specific type of insect and then dispatch it safely and efficiently. For instance, for the demonstration, I had to wear protective goggles since that type of laser is not safe for your eyes; I was assured that when it’s market-ready, the laser they deploy will not potentially blind human passersby. And no one has yet worked out how to make the device cheap enough to be useful in the places it is most needed, places where most people’s mosquito-defense system consists of sleeping under nets every night. One possibility is to sell the technology to the Pentagon. “The military is an example of folks who assign people to go to hellholes with lots of malaria and other stuff,” Myhrvold says. “And they’ve become reticent to spray all their people.”
The other option is to modify it to kill other kinds of insects — ones more directly threatening to corporate profits. The Photonic Fence will finally be tested later this summer in Florida, in a screened-in structure, against the Asian citrus psyllid, an invasive bug that is devastating the state’s orchards. So long as it manages to leave the bees alone — the last thing we need is more dead bees — it will then be tested in the open. Myhrvold would also like to try it on the grape phylloxera, which can destroy vineyards. “That’s a high-value thing,” he says, off on another eureka reverie. “Look, if you make $100 bottles of wine, you really don’t want to pull up your vineyard. There’s a lot of flying things which we could kill this way.” Then he tells me about an idea he had to put the lasers on drones to kill swarms of locusts.
Myhrvold does not seem too concerned that his invention still isn’t quite ready for mass consumption. There are too many other things for him to think about. He’s a chef, and the author of the lavish multivolume Modernist Cuisine cookbooks, which use the scientific process to better engineer deliciousness. (The latest one, which seeks to explain good bread, is out this fall.) A few years ago, he was trying to get people to take to his idea of how to mitigate global warming by pumping sulfur dioxide into the stratosphere, mirroring the cooling effect caused by large volcanic eruptions. He’s also been testing the theory that the brontosaurus communicated by whipping its tail (upstairs, there is a menacing, fully articulated cyborg-dinosaur tail he had made for this purpose).
And when you look down into the double-height lab from the Modernist Cuisine kitchen, you can see — wait, is that a model of a nuclear reactor? Why, yes. He’s started a company called TerraPower that’s raised hundreds of millions of dollars to try to build a “traveling wave reactor” that could run on uranium 238, which you can’t make a bomb out of. “The last new nuclear reactor built in the United States was about 30 years ago, and companies just didn’t invest in making new designs if nobody was going to build them,” he says. “It’s way more complicated than the Photonic Fence.”
Despite Donald Trump’s claims to The Wall Street Journal, Apple won’t be building three factories in the United States anytime soon. Why? Well, for starters, Apple doesn’t build factories anymore. In the entire world, Apple now owns exactly one manufacturing plant: its plant where it assembles iMacs in County Cork, Ireland.
Paul also weighed in on what he wants to do next, saying he’d love to be a villain or a hero in an action movie. GQ also detailed a meeting between Paul, his agent, and a Hollywood producer, where the trio discussed a potential role for Paul in a new movie. “Maybe similarly to Get Out, where, like, the message of the whole thing is like, basically, that racism is terrible,” Paul said during the meeting.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday, Trump claimed that Tim Cook had promised that Apple would be building three manufacturing plants here in the U.S. “I spoke to [Mr. Cook], he’s promised me three big plants — big, big, big,” said Trump. “I said, you know, Tim, unless you start building your plants in this country, I won’t consider my administration an economic success. He called me, and he said they are going forward.”
The most likely scenario probably falls somewhere in between that. Realistically, it wouldn’t cost Apple a tremendous amount to bring a few jobs back to the U.S., mainly because foreign labor costs are starting to rise. The MIT Technology Review analyzed Apple’s supply chain in 2015 and determined that the retail price of an iPhone made entirely in the U.S. would be about $100 higher than it is now — a price jump, but not a catastrophic one.
We may see more jobs and new plants in the U.S. as Apple’s suppliers, from Foxconn to Samsung, continue to expand their manufacturing footstep here. But it won’t be Apple that will be building them, regardless of what Donald Trump claims Tim Cook told him.
Apple manufactures its high-end Mac Pros, a tiny slice of its overall business, here in the U.S., but the work is done through a partnership with Taiwanese firm Flextronics — and that factory has struggled to keep up even with the tiny demand for Mac Pro towers, causing Apple to consider shifting production over to Asia. Apple has pledged to invest $1 billion in American manufacturing, but that money will filter to American companies like Corning, which produces the glass used in many Apple displays. It also uses many U.S.-based suppliers — including 3M, Caterpillar, and Lapmaster — to build various parts of its hardware, in the same way it uses many other suppliers not based in the U.S., most famously Foxconn.
So why would Trump brag about three new plants from Apple in the U.S.? It’s possible Trump is simply fabricating the story out of whole cloth. More generously, it’s possible that Cook talked to Trump about Apple’s reported efforts to get its Asian suppliers to manufacture some iPhones in the U.S. Indeed, Foxconn seems poised to open factories in the States, and Foxconn produces nearly a half million iPhones a day when in full swing. Apple’s rumored expanded lineup of iPhones could see that number go even higher in coming years.
While it’s touching to think that Tim Cook would worry whether Trump considers his presidency an economic success, Apple, again, doesn’t build manufacturing plants. (In fact, before he was CEO of Apple, Cook was in charge of winding down Apple’s factories and warehouses in the U.S., closing Apple’s last American factory, based out of Elk Grove, California, in 2004.)
Paul told GQ:
There you have it, folks. “Racism is terrible” and the guy who pissed off his neighbors by lighting a giant fire in his empty swimming pool is on it.
Over the weekend, expectant mother Chelsie Collins hosted a baby shower at a Golden Corral in Ohio. What was supposed to be a celebration turned sour, when Dorthy Holmes and her boyfriend were the only guests who showed up to the shower. Holmes snapped several photos of the sad affair and posted them on Twitter, where Collins and Holmes quickly went viral, and strangers on the internet donated gifts and cash to the lonely mother-to-be. It was a classic heartwarming viral story — until people started asking questions.
After the sad-baby-shower tweet — which had over 16,000 retweets before it was deleted on Wednesday afternoon — started making the rounds, people began showing similar support, asking for links where they could send gifts and money to help the mother-to-be. Over 350 gifts have since been purchased on the mother’s Walmart registry. Her friend, the young woman who tweeted the original sad-photo set, also tweeted a link to a PayPal account for donations.
Collins and Holmes told the Irish Examiner they had invited 70 people to the event on Facebook. “We posted in the event numerous times and got no comments — only a few people marked that they were interested. When the day came nobody showed up,” Holmes said. When Select All contacted the Golden Corral where the shower was held, the manager said the restaurant was busy and he would be in touch later with a formal statement, but confirmed that “it was 12 people” at the party.
Select All also reached out to both Holmes and Collins for comment on this story. “The moment the tweet was posted nobody was there. The tweet was 100 percent accurate at that point in time. It was not a turnout, her aunt was her only relative [at the party],” Holmes said. “I had two of my personal friends. Her aunt brought three children, and her little sister was there. That was it … there was definitely not 12 people there.” The women said they have received well over 300 donated items, but that cash donations ring in at “less than $100.” Holmes has since deleted the original tweet, but when I asked both women if they considered what they did a “scam,” their answer was a resounding “no.” “If they buy me baby stuff and we go take it back for money, that’s what I feel like scamming would actually be,” Collins said. “We are actually going to use this stuff.” Holmes and Collins also said they plan to donate some of the gifts they’ve received to a local women’s shelter.
Loveflutter — the Twitter dating app you probably aren’t using because you’re not trying to date either journalists or anime-fan neo-Nazis — just announced a new, exclusive feature. It’s called “Blue,” and it’s available only to people who are verified on Twitter. Since verified Twitter users are vetted by Twitter, Loveflutter is hailing Blue “the safest dating community ever.”
Holmes is technically correct, though at this point, the “I planned a birthday party/cookout/enema for 50 people and nobody showed up” trope is one of the best-known viral clichés — just ask Sad Papaw, the grandfather whose grandchildren didn’t visit; or Sad Grandma, who had no guests at her art exhibition at the library; or any one of these sad kids who didn’t have a single guest at their birthday parties because people are absolutely rotten. Perhaps the only lesson to take away from this is that if you’re going to donate to people based on viral tweets, you might end up sending money to people who are less sad than you assumed. And, I guess, that if you need a quick cash infusion, pretending to be lonely is a good way to get people’s wallets open.
The feature is currently accepting applications and will initially roll out in five cities — New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, London, and Tokyo — once 1,000 people sign up in each location. It’s free for those first 1,000 founding members, but expect to see monthly fees and pricing tiers in the future. The company will also be offering a concierge service down the road for those times when “you’re too busy to swipe.” [Insert as-yet-unreleased vomit-face emoji here.]
But something about the initial tweet and the fervor that followed — perhaps the fact that the PayPal account is under the friend’s name and not the mother’s — piqued suspicion. Online, people were not convinced and began trying to poke holes in the young women’s story. Amateur sleuths called the restaurant and were told by a manager that the party had been attended by 12 people — the same number it had been reserved for initially.
Aside from the obvious snobbery of limiting your dating pool to only verified users, there are a couple of other things that could go south here. First, you’re likely not going to “date celebrities discreetly.” Loveflutter’s promotional imagery shows Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey matching with Taylor Swift. That’s, uh, not going to happen to you. Even if Swift weren’t off stuffed in a suitcase and dating Joe Alwyn, she’s probably not who you’re going to find on Blue. Instead, if you’ve got a verified Twitter and are considering using this silly feature, you’re going to find your peers and co-workers and people you’ve possibly already dated. People who also have verified Twitters and would consider using this silly feature. Seems like as good a time as any for Twitter to hurry up and just verify everybody. In the name of safety. And possibly also sex. Safe sex.
“When I posted the tweet trying to fuck with my online mutuals,” Holmes says, “I was trying to troll my group chats.” (Which, well, who among us …) She also calls what the two women did “immorally wrong,” but justifies it by explaining that she never asked for gifts or money with the initial tweet, explaining she only tweeted the donation links because people started asking for them. “I didn’t ask for shit,” she says, reemphasizing that all donations are going to Collins and her baby. “We didn’t ask for it to go viral.”
When Adobe announced that it was planning an “end of life” for Flash yesterday, it shouldn’t have taken anyone by surprise. The web-defining software — once used for all kinds of browser audio and video — has been all but replaced by new standards like HTML5, thanks in part to the fact that it’s unusable on most mobile platforms. As important as it was, the plug-in became known as a buggy, memory-hogging security risk. Few are weeping over Flash’s corpse.
I started it in 1995, but 1999 is when I added the portal, which was originally a place where I would put my unfinished projects. But I also started showcasing other people’s Flash work, because other people didn’t necessarily have hosting for their stuff, and they thought it would be a good spotlight because we had some popularity on the site from the things I had been making at the time. So many people started sending me their SWF files and I was managing so many pages, so I brought a friend onboard to develop an automated version of that. In 2000, we launched the automated portal, and ever since then, people have been able to instantly publish games and animation.
Newgrounds is a community where people can instantly publish and share their original animation games, art, or music. It originally grew out of being a Flash community, where people were instantly publishing Flash games and animation.
How long has the site been around?I started it in 1995, but 1999 is when I added the portal, which was originally a place where I would put my unfinished projects. But I also started showcasing other people’s Flash work, because other people didn’t necessarily have hosting for their stuff, and they thought it would be a good spotlight because we had some popularity on the site from the things I had been making at the time. So many people started sending me their SWF files and I was managing so many pages, so I brought a friend onboard to develop an automated version of that. In 2000, we launched the automated portal, and ever since then, people have been able to instantly publish games and animation.
When would you say the Newgrounds heyday was? When was it at its peak?There was a period around back when we automated it — that was the original real exciting period. There was also a period around 2007, 2008 where we were really just thriving with some popular animators, like Egoraptor. We had a lot of cool web games. Web games were really hitting their stride. We had people who were transitioning into making more commercially successful games. I had been a co-founder of [video-game company] the Behemoth, which we started in 2003. We made a console version of Alien Hominid, which started as a web game on Newgrounds. Then we followed that up with Castle Crashers, which has been a really successful independent game. Edmund McMillen, who made Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Isaac, also started making Flash games on Newgrounds. That 2007–2008 period — a lot of people see as a golden era, even though the site still is going strong now. We still have between 7 million or 8 million unique visitors per month. It was higher at the peak, but it’s still good. It’s still a nice sized community.
There was a period around back when we automated it — that was the original real exciting period. There was also a period around 2007, 2008 where we were really just thriving with some popular animators, like Egoraptor. We had a lot of cool web games. Web games were really hitting their stride. We had people who were transitioning into making more commercially successful games. I had been a co-founder of [video-game company] the Behemoth, which we started in 2003. We made a console version of Alien Hominid, which started as a web game on Newgrounds. Then we followed that up with Castle Crashers, which has been a really successful independent game. Edmund McMillen, who made Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Isaac, also started making Flash games on Newgrounds. That 2007–2008 period — a lot of people see as a golden era, even though the site still is going strong now. We still have between 7 million or 8 million unique visitors per month. It was higher at the peak, but it’s still good. It’s still a nice sized community.
You said 2007–2008 was the golden time, but that’s also when the iPhone came out and Flash started feeling more vulnerable. What’s the last decade been like as browsing has shifted to mobile and Flash hasn’t gone with it?The shift to mobile has definitely changed the way people use the internet beyond even just Flash. You can tell people aren’t visiting small websites like they used to. They get more captured by an app. They’ll be in Snapchat or Instagram or Facebook or Twitter, and they’ll be in the app and they don’t explore the web like they used to. On the Flash side, the difficult thing was people — especially game developers — started losing confidence in Flash. They didn’t feel confident starting a big project in Flash because they didn’t know what its future would be. Meanwhile, a lot of people were transitioning into making mobile-app games. Steam introduced Greenlight and started growing out its platform for independent developers. That made a lot of people transition there as well. The other difficulty was that even though everyone knew HTML5 was going to be the alternative to Flash, it hadn’t gotten there yet. Flash was getting cut out before there was a good alternative. Even now, it can still be tricky. We have HTML5 games on the site now that stop working after a browser update, and that never happened with Flash. We have Flash content from the ’90s that still works. It’s kind of frustrating to see someone make an HTML5 game and then a year later it doesn’t work anymore because Chrome changed something in the way it does JavaScript. It still is shaping up better and better. It feels like games on the web took a big dip, but I feel like they’re going to be coming back now that the quality bar is getting raised by HTML5 games.
The shift to mobile has definitely changed the way people use the internet beyond even just Flash. You can tell people aren’t visiting small websites like they used to. They get more captured by an app. They’ll be in Snapchat or Instagram or Facebook or Twitter, and they’ll be in the app and they don’t explore the web like they used to. On the Flash side, the difficult thing was people — especially game developers — started losing confidence in Flash. They didn’t feel confident starting a big project in Flash because they didn’t know what its future would be. Meanwhile, a lot of people were transitioning into making mobile-app games. Steam introduced Greenlight and started growing out its platform for independent developers. That made a lot of people transition there as well. The other difficulty was that even though everyone knew HTML5 was going to be the alternative to Flash, it hadn’t gotten there yet. Flash was getting cut out before there was a good alternative. Even now, it can still be tricky. We have HTML5 games on the site now that stop working after a browser update, and that never happened with Flash. We have Flash content from the ’90s that still works. It’s kind of frustrating to see someone make an HTML5 game and then a year later it doesn’t work anymore because Chrome changed something in the way it does JavaScript. It still is shaping up better and better. It feels like games on the web took a big dip, but I feel like they’re going to be coming back now that the quality bar is getting raised by HTML5 games.
How many Flash assets are on Newgrounds right now?We have over 84,000 games and the majority of those are Flash, even though more and more now are HTML5. We have over 150,000 animations on the site, and we’ve been working to convert them to video format. We developed a software called Swivel, because Flash never had a good video-conversion option, that animators can use. They can run their SWF through it, and they kind of get a perfect-quality or best-quality MP4 out of it. We did that years ago and it actually kind of accelerated the migration to YouTube because a lot of animators originally couldn’t put their work on YouTube because they only had it in SWF format. That sort of accelerated that movement over there. It also allowed us to launch an HTML5 video player and keep more and more of the legacy animated content safe over time.
Except, maybe, at Newgrounds. Newgrounds is a hugely beloved early web portal that allowed budding Flash creators — game developers, animators, and artists among them — the ability to host their homespun SWF files for anyone to enjoy. Two decades later, the site is still going strong, though it’s a bit past its heyday, and is actively looking toward a future without Flash. Tom Fulp, the site’s 39-year-old founder, took some time to explain how the site has been preparing for the end of Flash for a while, and what comes next.
To start, what is Newgrounds? How would you describe it to someone who might not know about the site?Newgrounds is a community where people can instantly publish and share their original animation games, art, or music. It originally grew out of being a Flash community, where people were instantly publishing Flash games and animation.
It feels like it’s unlikely. I guess they have various reasons why they wouldn’t want to do that. It would definitely help a lot if people could access all that, because if they could access all the Flash code, they could make their own things to run it a lot easier. It would be nice if Adobe at least could find some of the people that are trying to preserve it and maybe work with them more directly to assist them. I’m hoping that they’re at least helpful if they won’t release the source code.
2020 comes around, Flash is basically dead. What do you see happening to Newgrounds? Do you see the site sticking around?Oh, yeah. We’ve actually been planning for it for years. It kind of started in 2012 when we did a site redesign. We removed Flash from the language of the site. We no longer called it the Flash portal; we just referred to it as the games-and-movies portal. As it stands right now, we have an audio portal where all the music will keep working; we have an art portal where all the art keeps working; we have the animation portal where everything in recent years has been uploaded in MP4 format, so the only challenge there is the time it takes to convert all the classic content. We’ve already converted most of the favorites over, so it’ll just be more like the granular thing of trying to get everything over in time. The games portal is the biggest one. In games, all the day-to-day new uploads have a lot of HTML5 now, so that will keep going in that direction. It just comes down to how well we’ll be able to preserve all of the old games. At the least, people can download them and play them in a stand-alone player on their desktop, though we’d really like to let them keep playing them in the browser, too.
The most difficult part has been with the games. There are different efforts going on to do it, but no one’s gotten it perfect yet. With AS2 [ActionScript] games, it’s easier to look in the SWF file and use a code and parse it over to run on different platforms. AS3 games can be trickier. If you don’t have the original source file, it can be hard to use the SWF to pry out the information. There are ongoing efforts to do it, and some of them are JavaScript-based, where a JavaScript thing on the page would interpret the SWF file. Another option is WebAssembly, which is still a growing thing in browsers that needs to mature a little bit more. Other options include a way to compile games into JavaScript, so instead of having the website run an SWF file through JavaScript, someone would pre-convert it to a JavaScript file and upload that. There are a lot of things going on and the big hope that something will do it right by the time 2020 rolls along. That’s the big hope, that when 2020 gets here, WebAssembly will have matured enough and we’ll have a good alternative there, or someone will have made a great JavaScript tool or something.
Oh, yeah. We’ve actually been planning for it for years. It kind of started in 2012 when we did a site redesign. We removed Flash from the language of the site. We no longer called it the Flash portal; we just referred to it as the games-and-movies portal. As it stands right now, we have an audio portal where all the music will keep working; we have an art portal where all the art keeps working; we have the animation portal where everything in recent years has been uploaded in MP4 format, so the only challenge there is the time it takes to convert all the classic content. We’ve already converted most of the favorites over, so it’ll just be more like the granular thing of trying to get everything over in time. The games portal is the biggest one. In games, all the day-to-day new uploads have a lot of HTML5 now, so that will keep going in that direction. It just comes down to how well we’ll be able to preserve all of the old games. At the least, people can download them and play them in a stand-alone player on their desktop, though we’d really like to let them keep playing them in the browser, too.
People seem to have a love-hate relationship with Flash. Are you sad to see it go?I think a lot of people misunderstand Flash. I think a lot of people associate Flash with bad advertising on the web, which they really need to blame the ad companies for. They might not realize most of the bad ads they see now aren’t Flash anymore. Now that the ads are being done in HTML5, they’re actually, in a lot of cases, slower to load, and they consume more resources than they did. In the past year, we’ve had a lot more problems with ads that redirect people away from the site, or ads that will steal the focus of your browser. Flash was never able to take over the focus and make your page scroll to an ad. Now, we’re seeing ads where I’ll be on the page and it’ll start scrolling to the ad. It’s not like that problem got solved by getting rid of Flash. The people that make the ads are the ones that are being exploitative and not making well-optimized ads. The other thing is, the whole security-exploit side of it. I just feel like that became a meme because — I feel like I’m setting up myself now — I don’t know anyone who had their computer compromised by Flash, and I know lots of people who are on Flash all day long. I just feel like it became popular to criticize it for security holes, even though all software have security holes and have patches. It definitely is time to move to an open platform, something that’s not so closed off. It’s still upsetting that people cheer for it to die because they just associate it with bad things and not good things.
I think a lot of people misunderstand Flash. I think a lot of people associate Flash with bad advertising on the web, which they really need to blame the ad companies for. They might not realize most of the bad ads they see now aren’t Flash anymore. Now that the ads are being done in HTML5, they’re actually, in a lot of cases, slower to load, and they consume more resources than they did. In the past year, we’ve had a lot more problems with ads that redirect people away from the site, or ads that will steal the focus of your browser. Flash was never able to take over the focus and make your page scroll to an ad. Now, we’re seeing ads where I’ll be on the page and it’ll start scrolling to the ad. It’s not like that problem got solved by getting rid of Flash. The people that make the ads are the ones that are being exploitative and not making well-optimized ads. The other thing is, the whole security-exploit side of it. I just feel like that became a meme because — I feel like I’m setting up myself now — I don’t know anyone who had their computer compromised by Flash, and I know lots of people who are on Flash all day long. I just feel like it became popular to criticize it for security holes, even though all software have security holes and have patches. It definitely is time to move to an open platform, something that’s not so closed off. It’s still upsetting that people cheer for it to die because they just associate it with bad things and not good things.
What are some of the difficulties in preserving interactive stuff that can’t just be converted to video?The most difficult part has been with the games. There are different efforts going on to do it, but no one’s gotten it perfect yet. With AS2 [ActionScript] games, it’s easier to look in the SWF file and use a code and parse it over to run on different platforms. AS3 games can be trickier. If you don’t have the original source file, it can be hard to use the SWF to pry out the information. There are ongoing efforts to do it, and some of them are JavaScript-based, where a JavaScript thing on the page would interpret the SWF file. Another option is WebAssembly, which is still a growing thing in browsers that needs to mature a little bit more. Other options include a way to compile games into JavaScript, so instead of having the website run an SWF file through JavaScript, someone would pre-convert it to a JavaScript file and upload that. There are a lot of things going on and the big hope that something will do it right by the time 2020 rolls along. That’s the big hope, that when 2020 gets here, WebAssembly will have matured enough and we’ll have a good alternative there, or someone will have made a great JavaScript tool or something.
It definitely seems like Adobe knows that it needs to give people three years’ notice on this stuff. You said yesterday that you’d like to see Adobe open-source Flash in some way. Do you think that’s going to happen?It feels like it’s unlikely. I guess they have various reasons why they wouldn’t want to do that. It would definitely help a lot if people could access all that, because if they could access all the Flash code, they could make their own things to run it a lot easier. It would be nice if Adobe at least could find some of the people that are trying to preserve it and maybe work with them more directly to assist them. I’m hoping that they’re at least helpful if they won’t release the source code.
We have over 84,000 games and the majority of those are Flash, even though more and more now are HTML5. We have over 150,000 animations on the site, and we’ve been working to convert them to video format. We developed a software called Swivel, because Flash never had a good video-conversion option, that animators can use. They can run their SWF through it, and they kind of get a perfect-quality or best-quality MP4 out of it. We did that years ago and it actually kind of accelerated the migration to YouTube because a lot of animators originally couldn’t put their work on YouTube because they only had it in SWF format. That sort of accelerated that movement over there. It also allowed us to launch an HTML5 video player and keep more and more of the legacy animated content safe over time.
“People find their friends’ profiles and leave comments and questions either with their profile or anonymously,” Kenny, an 11th-grader from West Virginia told me about the app. “It seems like a way for teens to continue the drama and say things about people without revealing their identity, which is a whole lot like the app Ask.fm from a while ago that everyone used to use for the exact same reason.” Sarahah’s creator, Saudi Arabian developer Zain al-Abidin Tawfiq, said he initially built the app so people could give anonymous feedback in the workplace without fear of retribution from their bosses. The “lack of fear of consequences” bit stuck, though the app seems to have found its niche among high schoolers loafing around on summer vacation, rather than office workers looking for an outlet.
If you’re over the age of 18 and have recently browsed the “top downloads” chart on Apple’s App Store, you might find yourself wondering what the hell “Sarahah” is, and how it became the most popular app on the iPhone. The anonymous-commentary app launched in February; loosely translated, its name means “honesty” in Arabic. The app, theoretically, does what it says on the tin: It allows users to submit honest comments, questions, and critiques to their peers. How do you know they’re honest? Because the comments are submitted anonymously. You can guess where this is headed.
“Honestly, I’ve only gotten good messages,” said Sam, a high-school student from North Carolina. “It seems that more girls are getting kinda bullied because guys are commenting sexual stuff. I’ve seen a few girls getting called ‘hoes.’” “I’ve used it a couple times to see what it’s all about,” June also told Select All, noting she’d received both positive and negative comments. “For me, the good outweighs the bad, but I know for other people, they are getting some pretty mean comments,” she said. “I don’t feel comfortable saying some of the stuff because the mean ones have vulgar language, and the nice ones are kinda personal.”
To use Sarahah, or, rather, to use it like a teen, you also need to have a Snapchat account. After setting up a Sarahah account through Sarahah’s website, you’re given a custom link you can give to people who want to send you comments. This is where Snapchat comes in — it’s a Sarahah distribution platform. Kids will embed their Sarahah link into a snap in their Snap Story — in layman’s terms, they’ll post the link where all their Snapchat followers can access it — where friends, or anybody if their account is public, can click it and anonymously comment. (Snap, which only recently began allowing links in Stories, did not respond to Select All’s request for comment regarding Sarahah.)
Like its predecessor Formspring.me — though these kids are, gasp, possibly too young to even remember Formspring.me — multiple teens told Select All they don’t think Sarahah is long for this world. “I don’t think it’ll last very long,” Sam said. “People will probably start to see it going negatively and getting old soon.” “It may be [a problem for school administrators and teachers],” Kenny explained. “School starts soon, so it [the app] may stay [popular].” Though teachers likely needn’t concern themselves with Sarahah. Ask.fm is still in business — “it [Ask.fm] kind of died out when Sarahah came out” — but with the rise of Sarahah, it’s become a thing of the past. Chances are good, by September, the teens will be all over some new anonymous-gossip app. And that’s the one teachers and parents should probably start worrying about.
Do you remember what you were doing at 8:55 this morning? On the East Coast, you might have been driving to your job; maybe you were already there, settling in at your desk with a hot cup of java. On the West Coast, you were probably asleep.
Despite the potential for bullying, and the actual bullying happening, on the app, the teens who talked to Select All didn’t seem too concerned. (Their parents, however, seem to feel markedly different. “My son signed up for an account, and within 24 hours someone posted a horrible racist comment on his page, including saying that he should be lynched,” reads one review of the app. “The site is a breeding ground for hate.”) “[I’ve seen] a lot of inappropriate stuff,” said Travis, 18, from Michigan. “Nobody has been too hurt over what has been said that I’ve seen so far.” When asked why he thinks people flock to apps like Sarahah, his answer was simple. “My guess is they like the attention and drama.” “Everyone’s into drama and making people feel bad to make themselves feel better,” Kenny said, echoing Travis. “It’s what teens do. Not necessarily me, but teens in general.”
But if you were at the Pentagon, maybe you were preparing to launch a nuclear attack on a foreign power. And maybe the situation was slightly surreal because it all happened in a nine-minute gap between two tweets from our lumpen president, Donald J. Trump.
Can you see how this post might be menacing?
It turned out that the disallowed thing was transgender members of the military, but Trump spent nine minutes trying to put together a sentence conveying as much. He finally followed up at 9:04. In the meantime, according to BuzzFeed:
I’m starting to think that our president doesn’t always fully consider the consequences of his actions …
BuzzFeed’s “Tasty” brand has, by all metrics, been a tremendous success for the company. Its recipe videos — tightly edited bursts of food assembly designed to go big on social media — have been viewed 58 billion times across Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram; they’re seen by one in four Facebook users internationally, and more than half of American Facebook users every month.
Or, to be more precise: Tasty is now accepting preorders for the Tasty One Top, a Bluetooth-enabled inductive cooktop. “It’s a fancy way of saying it’s an appliance that helps you follow our recipes and cook perfect meals,” says the head of BuzzFeed’s Product Labs, Ben Kaufman. Pair the One Top to the Tasty app on your phone, use the attached food thermometer, and the app will walk you through every step of cooking, from when to throw garlic into your sauté pan to when to flip your steak. It’s available for preorder now for $149 — or $184 with four pieces of Tasty-branded cookware thrown in — and shipping this November.
Today, Tasty is rolling out an app for the iPhone, with Android coming soon. If you enjoy Tasty’s videos, you’ll enjoy the app — it breaks down over 1,700 of their recipe videos into a step-by-step process, which you can swipe through on your phone, making Tasty’s quick-cut recipes a bit easier to follow. But the app is table stakes for Tasty’s bigger ambition: It wants to sell you a smart hot plate.
“Cooking is still intimidating for a large part of the population,” says Kaufman. “What really drove us to create a be-all, end-all appliance for the kitchen was, ‘Can we really make it easier to actually cook our foods?’” The One Top isn’t aiming to be just a really nice hot plate — by using sensors both in the cooktop itself and in a remote food probe, the appliance is promising to be a device that can work as a sous-vide and slow cooker.
BuzzFeed is still adept at turning out viral content that brands are happy to be a part of; Fossil recently went in for a three-part “Behind the Hands of a Tasty Producer” video series. But BuzzFeed’s business model looks shakier than it did three or four years ago. Facebook is no longer as generous with traffic as it was in 2013, and BuzzFeed reportedly slashed revenue targets for 2016 after missing them in 2015. It’s gone through seven rounds of fundraising, but a rumored IPO for 2018 was already looking difficult, thanks to the market’s general wariness of investing in media companies. That IPO may be even less appetizing for the company after the rough reception that Snap, Inc., and Blue Apron have received in open trading. Finding new ways to bring in more money is key.
Kaufman sees the audience as broadly two markets. “One is the person who loves food but hates cooking. That’s a big portion of our audience.” For them, the One Top promises an appliance that can make the recipes they’ve perhaps shared or just watched on Facebook, but with a steady, guided experience. The second, says Kaufman, “is the real foodie.” Think people who have read their Harold McGee and maybe have a copy of Nathan Myhrvold’s Modernist Cuisine (or at least the app). “There is that market of people who love that real science of cooking.” For them, says Kaufman, the appeal is having an appliance that can do a lot while not taking up a ton of space.
Tasty and the rest of BuzzFeed’s video efforts reportedly make up half of the company’s revenue, and Tasty has already made successful forays into selling real-world products. Its customizable cookbook (you pick seven sets of recipes from selections ranging from “Vegetarian” to “Hangover”), sold only through Tasty’s site, was put out last year to immediate success. Kaufman says they’ve sold nearly 200,000 copies — more than all but two of last year’s best-selling cookbooks, per Nielsen BookScan. And earlier this year, it rolled out customizable coffee in a branding partnership with the Today show.
The One Top isn’t just a brand-building exercise for BuzzFeed or Tasty. “Our ambition is for this to be a profitable business platform,” says Kaufman. It’s making the cooktop in partnership with General Electric’s FirstBuild division, with GE handling manufacturing and a good portion of the hardware design. It allows BuzzFeed to avoid some potential pitfalls of bringing a complicated appliance to market, and the One Top is a limited run to start. It’s clear this is an experiment for BuzzFeed, but it’s one that comes at an interesting time for the company.
If Tasty can sell cookbooks and coffee, why not a cooktop? After all, the electric pressure cooker Instant Pot has become a sales juggernaut, mainly through word of mouth from happy users (and helped by praise from plenty of websites, including BuzzFeed itself). In the One Top, BuzzFeed may be hoping for a viral hit again — just with a kitchen appliance instead of a pizza bread bowl.
Gates has been the richest man in the world since May 2013, though he also retained the title during Microsoft’s heyday in the 1990s. We assume that this news is devastating to Mr. Gates, and that he is inconsolable and wiping away tears with now-worthless $100 bills.
On Wednesday morning, Holmes broadcast a lengthy Periscope video entitled “The Truth,” attempting to explain the situation. (The video has also since been deleted. “I didn’t handle it the way I should have,” Holmes said of her decision to remove it.) Holmes says she posted the tweet about a half-hour after the party started. After tweeting, a handful of people arrived, bringing the total up to “six or seven.”“When I posted the tweet trying to fuck with my online mutuals,” Holmes says, “I was trying to troll my group chats.” (Which, well, who among us …) She also calls what the two women did “immorally wrong,” but justifies it by explaining that she never asked for gifts or money with the initial tweet, explaining she only tweeted the donation links because people started asking for them. “I didn’t ask for shit,” she says, reemphasizing that all donations are going to Collins and her baby. “We didn’t ask for it to go viral.”
Of course, hoarders still feel some pressure to stay neat. Inverse editor James Grebey sent along this chilling anecdote: “One time, when I had probably upwards of 1,500 files on my desktop, I did a trick where I selected half of them, and dragged them on top of the other half of files. Then I did this again, and again, and again, until 1,500 files were stacked completely on top of one another, making them take up about as much space as a postage stamp. ‘There,’ I told my horrified friends. ‘I cleaned my desktop.’” The next day, his computer exploded the pile across his desktop upon exiting sleep mode.
It’s easy to understand how desktops get so cluttered. If you want to save an image from your browser, you can drag it to the desktop. If you take a screenshot on macOS, it is automatically saved to the desktop. Carley’s desktop is, almost literally, an enormous pile of files and artifacts that have built up in much the same way that a hoarder might keep old newspapers and magazines, even after they’ve served their purpose.
Apple has quietly killed off the iPod Shuffle and iPod Nano — products you likely weren’t aware they still even made. Links to buy either device are now just redirecting to the Apple Music landing page. In a comment to Business Insider, Apple confirmed that both devices are gone for good:
Which, of course, isn’t a huge deal — even the most basic smartphone on the market has more storage and a lot more functionality than any iPod. Before Apple removed it from its store, the 16 GB iPod Nano was still retailing for $149.99. You can get the perfectly decent 16 GB Moto G4 for $99 from Amazon right now. And Spotify and Apple Music long ago made the idea of even having a device filled up with downloaded songs seem quaint.
By 2003, the third-generation iPod with its iconic scroll wheel was enough of a success that Apple was able to herd record labels — terrified of Napster and other file-sharing services — onto iTunes. Within its first week, the iTunes store sold over a million songs, with Apple taking a 37 percent cut of all music sold. For a period, Apple essentially controlled the digital distribution of music, and the profits it made during the iPod era allowed for moon shots like the iPhone.
Field is certainly not the first person to run into problems after doing a job through Fiverr. Earlier this year, infamous YouTuber PewDiePie was dropped by Disney after a series of anti-Semitic stunt videos. One of them involved hiring a pair of men, through Fiverr, to hold up a sign reading “death to all Jews.” (Fiverr is an Israeli startup.) But, hey, that’s what Fiverr is all about. Or at least that’s what it’s latest ad campaign, which features Kid Rock pointing at you like Uncle Sam, would have you believe. “DO FIRST. ASK FORGIVENESS LATER,” reads the ad copy. Maybe “READ THE FINE PRINT AND CONSIDER THE LEGAL RAMIFICATIONS FIRST” was too many words to include on a subway sign.
Field told CTV News she was paid $35 by a user named “alexemme” to read an excerpt from alexemme’s forthcoming book, The Floppy Hat. “Thank you much for bringing my characters to life,” alexemme wrote to Field after the task was completed. (Field received a five-star review for her work.) Saskatoon police told Gizmodo, “we have touched base with the young woman but investigators plan to speak with her early next week,” so it seems like Field is likely in no real trouble. While no one has specifically identified “alexemme” as Alexa Emerson, the screen name sure is familiar.
The worlds of tech and venture capital have a very real problem when it comes to gender discrimination and sexual harassment. (Well, they do if you ask anybody except Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems, who recently said, “It’s [sexual harassment] a reality because it’s perceived as a reality.”) You know what doesn’t help those problems? Dudes posing as sexual-harassment victims to get back at rivals in the industry.
Brandon Katayama Hill, founder of marketing-and-consulting firm Btrax, reportedly wrote an anonymous blog post entitled “I Was Sexually Taken Advantage of by a Silicon Valley VC.” In the post, Hill named Anis Uzzaman, CEO of Btrax competitor Fenox Venture Capital, as the alleged harasser. “A lot of people from Japan, including students and many very cute girls come to him, and he takes advantage of them,” the post read, according to a lawsuit filed earlier this week, The Guardian reports. The post claimed the anonymous woman (Hill) met Uzzaman at an industry event and he asked her back to his hotel. “You are going to lose the biggest opportunity if you do not come.” The Guardian traced the IP address used to post the damning blog post to Hill’s house, an allegation that he denied, saying someone else must have used his Wi-Fi. The Guardian confirmed that Hill’s Wi-Fi is password-protected.
“To have these false accusations come particularly in this climate when there’s this growing awareness of a problem that does exist, it’s damaging,” Katrina Saleen, Uzzaman’s attorney, told The Guardian. She’s right. It is damaging. Please ignore what this dumb man is allegedly doing in the name of screwing over a competitor, and instead listen to any number of the women in the industry who have been brave enough to share their stories.
In the latest bid to use big data to change the world, the Indian government is reportedly compiling a large database of social-media posts to better determine whether people are paying their taxes in full. That means, if you like posting photos of luxury cars and fabulous vacation getaways on Instagram, you’ll need to be more careful about what tax inspectors find.
According to Bloomberg, the Indian government has spent $156 million over the last seven years building “Project Insight,” an enormous database of biometric data, as it overhauls its tax system.
The first phase of the long-term project is getting citizens to comply with the database, migrating “credit card spends, property and stock investments, cash purchases and deposits” over to the system. Starting in December, reportedly, an analytics team will begin mining the data for tax forecasting. In the meantime, unless you feel like attracting unwanted attention, maybe don’t tweet that photo of your 18-course meal.
Brand placements
WeChat: For the first stop on their grand app tour, Meh and his friends pop into WeChat, the megapopular Chinese app that nobody uses in the United States. You’d be hard-pressed to find a more transparent attempt to pander to the Chinese film market this year.
Dropbox: In a deal that I’m guessing cost eight figures, our protagonists spend much of the film traversing the smartphone to get to Dropbox, the remote storage service, in order to get off the phone and access the cloud. Deus ex Dropbox-ina. Good grief!
On Wednesday, because our jobs as panhandlers at “the intersection of tech and culture” demand it, we went to see The Emoji Movie, which is a film about the Unicode characters that live in your phone. Our colleague Emily Yoshida calls it “one of the darkest, most dismaying films I have ever seen,” a sentiment with which we concur: We groaned, scoffed, and rolled our eyes nonstop throughout the film, and the following is a list of everything that made us question not only the filmic arts, the tech industry, and capitalism as an economic system, but also whether man’s ability to harness the power of electricity was itself an enormous mistake. (Spoilers, if for some reason you really care.)
Instagram: During their quest to reach “the cloud,” our emoji take a little pit stop in Instagram, which is basically just a singular photo from a family trip to Paris. Two emoji who are on the brink of divorce — yes, emoji divorce — reconcile in front of the Eiffel Tower. There’s a bad Casablanca reference. It hurts.
Just Dance: Featuring a cameo from one Christina Aguilera, the emoji must dance their way out of this app, while being chased by antivirus bots shooting laser guns. The bots also dance. “Disco Inferno” plays. The bots are actually pretty good.
Twitter: The climax of the film sees our heroes calling on the Twitter bird to fly them back home so they can save their digital civilization. Do you remember when the eagles showed up at the end of Return of the King? Imagine the worst possible version of that.
YouTube: YouTube, as per The Emoji Movie, is basically just the “Pen Pineapple Apple Pen” video and that one with the surprised kitten being tickled. Actually, this was fairly accurate.
Dad Jokes: The humor in this movie is … not good. If you were hoping for one of those the kids will laugh and their parents will laugh, too, for vastly different reasons sort of children’s flicks, you are going to be sorely disappointed. Groan-inducing gags included an emoticon — the granddaddy of emoji — yelling “my colon,” and the poop emoji (Sir Patrick Stewart) punching a pedestal fan. As in shit hitting … the fan.
The Firewall: Quite literally, a flaming wall of binary code. Ouch. It plays Pitbull’s “Fireball” (because the words sound … alike?).
Feminism: Without giving a whole lot away — actually, I’m about to ruin an already terrible movie for you — the mysterious female lead, a blue-haired hacker named Jailbreak, turns out to be a princess emoji in disguise. She spends the whole movie trying, vocally, to fight stereotypes about female-identified emoji, like telling her male peers that lady emoji can be more than just “a princess or a bride” and that, no, just because she’s a princess birds don’t magically appear when she whistles. Except, just when you think Princess Jailbreak is going to choose herself over her newfound love interest, Meh, she changes her mind and opts to save him at the expense of freeing herself. How does she do this? By whistle-summoning a bird and riding it to safety. The bird … well, reader, I’m sorry, but it’s Twitter.
Their user’s infosec: Having escaped the texting app, our heroic trio heads to a piracy app hidden within an innocuous dictionary app. That’s terrible infosec. In what is essentially a giant ad for Sony products and social-media monoliths, including jailbroken apps is … an odd move. True to life, but odd.
Meh: Do a shot every time the word meh is used as a play on words for man. As in “a real meh,” “for all mehkind,” “you’re not the meh I thought I married.” I wish I had. This movie would likely have been more enjoyable intoxicated.
Getting an appointment no problem: As the phone continues to malfunction, user Alex makes an appointment at the phone store to get it repaired. This is maybe the part of the film that requires the greatest suspension of disbelief — he shows up to his appointment early and the support staff is like, “No problem, we’re not busy.” Nobody in the history of consumer technology has showed up for a tech-support appointment and been promptly serviced.
Hi-Five body horror: Hands shouldn’t have mouths. It’s just uncomfortable. There was something profoundly disturbing about watching Hi-Five shove candy in his mouth, which was basically just a hole in his palm, which is his body, which is just wrong. (Also, a briefly glimpsed thumbs-up emoji has six-pack abs.)
Mixed metaphors for trolling: If there’s one thing that bugs me about tech fantasy (I am, to be clear, very cool), it’s when the internal logic doesn’t gel. At one point in the film, Meh and his crew travel to a “piracy app,” which is rendered as a shady speakeasy. Inside, they find viruses, Trojan horses, and internet trolls. The last of those is not a computer function — internet trolls do not exist within a computer’s architecture. God!!!!!!!
A gaping plot hole: I won’t get too into this, but The Emoji Movie revolves around this stupid contraption where typing an emoji requires a sort of scanning process to happen. So emoji have to basically Method act their emotions all the time, and especially when being scanned. At the beginning of the film, Meh screws this up and the scan results in a still-image mishmash of expressions. But at the end, in an attempt to create a uniquely expressive emoji, he does the exact same action and creates what is essentially a GIF of multiple expressions. So basically the entire plot is moot because the exact same action at the beginning and end of the movie produce arbitrarily different results. GOD!!!!!!!
Candy Crush: I blacked out for this portion of the movie after realizing we were about to watch a game of Candy Crush played out in real time on the big screen. Spoiler alert: They win.
Spotify: Music is represented in literal streams that the emoji float down in a boat. This is all you need to know.
There are approximately 1 billion of these. Let’s run through them.
Other stuff
Amazon casts a long shadow.
A Reuters examination of all the quarterly results filed by U.S. companies in 2017 found that nearly 700 companies mention the e-commerce behemoth. Meanwhile, the company was mentioned “either in passing or with some urgency” in roughly 10 percent of earnings calls, when a company representative talks to analysts and media about a company’s performance. The companies talking about Amazon range from giants like 3M to relatively unknown companies like swimming-pool-equipment manufacturer Pool Corporation.
In fairness, some of the fundamentals of Blue Apron already looked shaky — even before Amazon bought Whole Foods, regulatory filings revealed that the company was losing more money each year since it was founded, as it paid increasingly steep customer-acquisition costs.
The easiest example of Amazon’s massive influence is seen in the terrible month suffered by Blue Apron. The company’s IPO in late June was supposed to launch the meal-kit-delivery service to the next level, bringing in a fresh infusion of cash and making it the de facto choice for those who want to cook a meal, but don’t want to go to the grocery store. The company hoped for a $3.2 billion valuation. Then Amazon bought Whole Foods for $14 billion in mid-June. Suddenly, Blue Apron was worth a lot less — by the time its IPO made its debut on the stock exchange on June 29, Blue Apron was valued at $1.3 billion.
But the real pain was still to come. Amazon quietly registered a trademark for a meal-kit-delivery service in early June with this description: “We do the prep. You be the chef.” When The Sunday Times of London discovered the trademark on July 16, investors panicked, sending Blue Apron’s stock down below $7 per share. On Tuesday, co-founder Matthew Wadiak stepped down from his role as chief operating officer. More shake-ups may be in Blue Apron’s future.
Companies that have attempted to compete in e-commerce have dealt with Amazon for years. But with its sudden acquisition of a tremendous amount of retail space and its continued experiments in brick-and-mortar stores, the number of company’s forced to reckon with Amazon has increased. Speaking to Reuters, investor Alan Lancz put it simply: “Just that name puts fear even if it’s just a rumor that they might be going into your space.”
It’s now a pretty standard thing in broadcasting that on-air personalities shouldn’t wear green. Not because it’s an unflattering color or anything, but because the color is the standard for chroma-keying, better known as green-screening. You know, superimposing images that aren’t actually there.
Anyhow, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the same mistake that her predecessor, Sean Spicer, once did by wearing a green blouse to a briefing this week. Maybe she got used to Spicer’s policy of doing briefings off camera. Well, now it’s the Mooch Era and the cameras are back on.
While there is no set precedent for the issue, more and more courts are encountering a new type of lawsuit related to social-media blocking. The Knight Foundation, for instance, is suing the U.S. government on behalf of Twitter users blocked by President Donald Trump, whose Twitter account has become alarmingly vital when it comes to understanding his presidency.
This week, a federal court in Virginia tackled the issue when it ruled on behalf of a plaintiff blocked by a local county politician. According to The Wall Street Journal, “Brian Davison sued the chairwoman of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors, who temporarily banned him from her Facebook page after he posted criticism of local officials last year.” Judge James Cacheris found that she had violated Davison’s First Amendment rights by blocking him from leaving comment, because, in his judgment, the chairwoman, Phyllis Randall, was using her Facebook page in a public capacity. Though it was a personal account, she used it to solicit comments from constituents.
“The suppression of critical commentary regarding elected officials is the quintessential form of viewpoint discrimination against which the First Amendment guards,” the judge stated in his ruling. Cacheris did emphasize that his ruling should not prohibit officials from moderating comments to protect against harassment. Davison was only banned for 12 hours, and Randall faces no penalties. Still, the ruling is one of the first in a growing, thorny legal issue surrounding social media that has already reached the White house.
Nearly two months after Uber’s infamous founder and CEO Travis Kalanick announced he’d be taking an indefinite leave of absence, Uber still doesn’t have a replacement for him. (Officially, he’s using the time to mourn his mother’s sudden death in a boating accident.) The company is reportedly going to be making its pick in the coming weeks, but as of last Friday, its candidates no longer include any women. Meg Whitman, current CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, announced on Twitter that she would not be leaving her current role to head Uber.
While bringing in a woman to run the company certainly wouldn’t have fixed Uber overnight, it would have been a nice show of Uber’s commitment to fixing its toxic culture and rampant gender-discrimination problem. The company has been dealing with a growing list of very public complaints from current and former employees, ever since ex-Uber engineer Susan Fowler published a scorched-earth blog post about the year she spent at the company and the discrimination she says she faced. That post inspired the company to bring in former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to conduct an independent review of the company and compile a list of recommendations to fix it. Which included, in not so many words, getting Kalanick out of power, or at least, as much power as he wielded as CEO.
All of Uber’s remaining candidates to fill Kalanick’s open seat are male, Recode reports. On top of that, reportedly only one of the four options is a person of color. Among them is GE CEO Jeff Immelt, though Recode notes he is not a “top choice” among some of the higher-ups over at Uber who are making the decision.
A decision that should probably be made soon, given reports that keeping Kalanick from meddling in the company’s business, even while he’s on leave, is proving easier said than done. Several sources close to Kalanick told Recode he believes he’ll be able to pull a “Steve Jobs,” meaning he’ll be able to make a redemptive comeback after being ousted. It’s a move that recent discussions of a potential investment in Uber from Japanese telecom company SoftBank could help Kalanick pull off. The investment, as noted by the New York Times, could weaken other shareholders stakes in the company, and SoftBank’s CEO, Masayoshi Son, could be a strong ally in fighting to bring back Kalanick. “Travis would have to blow it up completely to get his job back,” an anonymous investor told Recode. “And maybe he is crazy enough to do that, but he’d better bring a lot more ammo.”
When Apple put out the firmware for its upcoming HomePod smart speaker, people quickly began to poke around, looking for more information about what to expect from Apple’s response to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. But further digging has also revealed some information about the iPhone 8, the top-end phone Apple will reportedly unveil this fall in addition to the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus.
Infrared, which works well in low-light situations, would solve current problems with many facial recognitions, the need for a user’s face to be well-lit. It’s unclear at this point if facial recognition would replace Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint scanner or supplement it.
Well-known iPhone developer Steven Troughton-Smith was the first to notice that the HomePod firmware contained information about the upcoming infrared face-recognition unlock, code-named “Pearl,” that will be found on the iPhone 8.
Meanwhile, Brazilian developer Guilherme Rambo found an icon for a phone, code-named “D22,” that seems to represent the iPhone 8. There have been plenty of mock-ups already in circulation, but they’ve all been educated guesses, based on putting together supply-chain leaks, rumors, and speculation — this is the first image from Apple itself.
This likely isn’t how Apple wanted to reveal the design of its phone — which may be priced anywhere from $1,000 to $1,400 on release. Popular Twitter account @ATP_Tipster1, ostensibly run by someone within Apple, speculated that the iPhone 8 information was due to Apple accidentally releasing to the public the update meant only for hardware developers currently working with HomePods.
Regardless, as Troughton-Smith put it in another tweet, “A lot of people at Apple are going to have a nasty Monday …”
The image confirms much of the speculation up to this point. The only major bezel on the phone is a notch at the top, which will likely contain the phone’s front-facing camera, sensors, and speaker for phone calls.
(Top image courtesy of iDrop News.)
William Shatner, legendary actor and pitchman, is up to what he does best: Inserting himself into internecine disputes between factions of fans of the Starz historical-romance series Outlander. Oh? What’s that? You didn’t know Shatner had a storied history of battling with Outlander fans online? Well, buddy, welcome to the internet.
Yesterday’s story, which went from Shatner picking fights with Outlander fans to the actor calling them “Snowflakes” and “SJWs” is intricate and fascinating in a way that only fandom beef involving an internationally famous cultural icon can be, but to get the full picture, we’ve got to take a trip back in time — how very apropos — to spring 2016. To oversimplify, there’s a group of shippers (fans of a show who want to see two characters in a relationship) who believe the two stars of the show, Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe, should date in real life, and a particularly hard-line group of fandom Bolsheviks that believes that they already are dating in secret.
Fast forward to July 2017. Shatner is still going at it with Cait/Sam shippers on Twitter. Here’s a photo he tweeted of Heughan with his actual girlfriend, Mackenzie Mauzy. (Some fans believe Mauzy is just a cover for Heughan and Balfe’s relationship. Or even that Mauzy is a beard because if Heughan and Balfe aren’t together then Heughan must be gay. There’s a lot happening on here before you even get to the fact that James T. Kirk is involved.)
And a different tweet from Shatner calling another shipper, who has since deleted their tweet, a snowflake and bully. The tweets only seem to devolve from there, with Shatner going off about misogyny and “feminists.”
Shatner’s Twitter ranting seemed to reach a fever pitch when someone called him out for labeling himself “not political” in his Twitter bio but using terms like “social justice warrior” and “snowflake” — language that, frankly, makes more sense in the context of his recently revealed 4chan habit. This Twitter fight seems to be happening in parallel with the Outlander beef, but the line between the two gets fairly blurry, especially when you bring in Star Trek fans who are upset Shatner’s real life/Twitter persona doesn’t align with the values of his role on such a historically liberal show.
Last Friday, just a week into Anthony Scaramucci’s brief tenure as White House communications director, his wife, Deidre, filed for divorce. According to “Page Six,” his “naked political ambition” was a precipitating factor; while she was giving birth to their son, her husband was with President Trump at the Boy Scouts jamboree in West Virginia.
But — sadly — rigorous testing demonstrates that the message “Congratulations, I’ll pray for our child” does not trigger the iOS confetti. Even playing around with punctuation, the full phrase remains coldly un-confetti-ed.
But until Deidre Scaramucci speaks to this issue, we will never know which, if any, iMessage effects accompanied her husband’s first communication after their son was born. Democracy, as they say, dies in darkness.
That being said, the unknowns allow us to keep the dream of tonally inappropriate digital confetti alive. The phrase “Congratulations, I’ll pray for our child” was relayed to “Page Six” via a paraphrasing anonymous source, so we can’t be certain of spelling or format. If, for instance, Anthony Scaramucci texted “Congratulations,” and then quickly followed up with “I’ll pray for our child” in a separate message, then he will have activated confetti mode. You can also manually add the confetti effect to any text message, so maybe he intentionally included it as a nice gesture — or even added a separate effect, like balloons or lasers.
Practiced iPhone users noted almost immediately that Scaramucci’s use of “congratulations” might have triggered the confetti, and we took it upon ourselves to investigate. First things first: Based on a study of paparazzi photos, both Anthony and Deidre are iPhone users, a necessary requirement for iMessage. (Metadata on both of their Twitter accounts backs this up.) Assuming that both of their phones have received an operating-system update in the last 10 or 11 months, the confetti effect is active.
Shatner’s preferred method of dealing with people fighting him in his mentions seems to rely heavily on blocking people. Which, as noted by Gizmodo, seems like a real “snowflake” thing to do. When a Twitter user compared Shatner’s penchant for blocking to Donald Trump’s — “It seems like @WilliamShatner is in a blocking duel extravaganza with @realDonaldTrump” — Shatner replied saying this wasn’t true and that he was only blocking people who “decided to ignore the warnings on my header & bio.” “Warnings” meaning his insistence that his Twitter is “not political.”
It all comes down to whether or not you believe that talking about SJWs — 0r rather, labeling people as such — is an inherently political discussion. Shatner clearly doesn’t, but we’ll let you decide for yourself. Beam me up, snowflake.
The oddly formal text received its fair share of attention on Twitter over the weekend, for reasons that are probably obvious to people who have been married, or had children, or engaged in really any kind of social interaction at all. Sadly overlooked has been the context in which the text was sent, and the way that technology might have transformed the message entirely. That is, Anthony’s congratulatory text to his wife on the occasion of the birth of their child might have triggered a confetti animation in iMessage.
But Anthony wasn’t entirely absent. A source told “Page Six” that “when James was born, he sent her a text saying, ‘Congratulations, I’ll pray for our child.’”
Apple’s text-messaging software was updated last year to include fun animations that users can add to their messages — lasers, balloons, fireworks, etc. Perhaps the most used of these animations is the confetti one, because it automatically triggers if someone sends a recipient a message such as “Congratulations!” or “Congrats!”
Once upon a time, approximately ten whole days ago, New York financier Anthony Scaramucci was named the new White House communications director. Since that long-ago moment, he publicly deleted a lot of old tweets that disagreed with his new boss’s agenda, mimicked Trump’s gestures flawlessly, reportedly texted his wife “Congratulations, I’ll pray for our child” after missing his son’s birth, and called up a reporter at the New Yorker and really just let it rip. Oh, and his wife also filed for divorce. And today, he got the ax from Trump. Or, rather, he exited his post “to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team,” as per a White House statement. So what does this mean for the administration? We’ll pass you off to our pals over at Daily Intel to answer that one. But as for what this means for you, right now, on the good old United States of the Internet — it means tweets. Good tweets. Lots of them.
We never did find out if Scaramucci would do the fandango.
Over the weekend, Russian president Vladimir Putin formally approved a new law limiting Russians’ access to VPNs, services that mask a user’s browsing habits and that are often used to skirt geographic restrictions or avoid surveillance. At the same time, Apple capitulated to the Chinese government’s similar crackdown by delisting VPN apps from the Chinese App Store, exercising significant control over how customers use their devices.
These recent developments are just the latest in a burgeoning international tug-of-war over whether VPNs, or virtual private networks, can or should be regulated. The way these service work is by “tunneling” a computer user’s internet traffic through a proxy. For instance, if you connected to a VPN server in France, your computer would send a request to that server, and then that server would connect to your final online destination. From your internet service provider’s point of view, it would look like you were just connecting to an IP address in France.
VPN usage has also grown in the past few months in the United States, particularly after Congress undid FCC rules set to take effect which would have prevented ISPs from collecting customer browsing histories and selling that data to third parties. Using a VPN offloads that possible record of a browsing history to a third-party VPN service, most of which make a sales pitch based on confidentiality and customer privacy. VPNs do not automatically make users safer, they just change who knows where you’re going online.
The Russian ban is the latest of a few moves to consolidate internet traffic within the country’s physical borders. While the Russian internet is fairly open, especially compared to China’s, the country does also include regulations that afford it a lot of power and oversight. For one thing, the law requires any company operating in Russia to store user data on servers physically located within the country (LinkedIn was blocked last year for not complying, although the regulations are not enforced uniformly). Requiring digital-storage assets to be within Russian territory can allow officials to seize that data and possibly comb through it without having to go through the host itself.
The Chinese crackdown on VPNs is not particularly shocking, given the country’s well-known isolation from the broader internet. Censors monitor traffic into and out of the country, and some of the largest websites, including Facebook, are blocked from operating within the country. The services that are allowed are heavily regulated, as demonstrated by Apple’s removal of VPN apps and Google’s censorship of search results.
Shatner, who is acquainted with Heughan, waded into the fray, labeling those shippers as bullies and calling them out on Twitter. It was a move many fans also saw as its own kind of bullying, with Shatner “trying to kick a group out of the fandom.” (For a more nuanced walk-through, try this explainer from Aja Romano.)
It all started with a trip to Taco Bell. When Zola Cheyenne Hayes couldn’t find her debit card after a taco run the night before, she started digging through her car. Which was how, to her horror, the 19-year-old Californian found a tiny, dried-up fish in between the seat cushions. “I was looking for it when I saw something that looked like a leaf,” Hayes told Select All. “I definitely did scream. Like, it’s pretty scary to look at a leaf and have it look back at you.” Hayes posted several photos of her discovery on Facebook, where they’ve been liked and shared over 100,000 times.
Hayes has a theory on how the fish wound up meeting its demise in her car. At first, she thought one of her friends had put the fish in her car as a prank, but now she believes it came from the car’s previous owner. “My mom actually gave it [the car] to me two weeks ago today, and she had had it for a few months before,” Hayes said. “She lives in Oregon, so I think the previous owner had it and probably used it to go fishing. It’s a small fish, so I think that it was used for bait. It probably just got out of the box.” As for what she plans to do with it, Hayes said she named the fish Grant, and he’s currently chilling in a plastic bag. “I might prank my friends with it.” RIP, Grant. Thank you for your service in the name of viral content.
Over the last year or so, I’ve done a lot of things in virtual reality. I’ve climbed mountains, shaped cities by hand, and slung spaceships around in zero-G dogfights. But until last week, there was still one thing I hadn’t really done: talk to someone.
Last October, at the Oculus Connect conference, Facebook announced a new product: “Facebook Spaces.” Think of it as Facebook’s Messenger, expanded out to VR. Before you get started, you put together a cartoon avatar of yourself (you can use Facebook photos to automatically generate something, or go nuts in a custom-avatar-creation screen). It’s like creating a Nintendo Mii character — you’re aiming for a rough approximation, rather than a one-to-one match of your face. After that, you use an Oculus Rift headset and two Oculus Touch controllers, and you and a Facebook friend hang out around a virtual table, shooting the breeze.
First things first: Spaces isn’t perfect. It’s easy to ding it for what it’s not. It’s not cheap: Even with Oculus dropping the price on its headset and controller, you’ll easily spend more than a $1,000 getting everything set up if you’re starting from scratch with no PC.
And it isn’t a free-form, expansive experience right now. It’s you and other people chatting at a table, with a few things to mess around with while you chat. You have a marker to draw 3-D sculptures that then attach to your friend’s head — a way to change the environment surrounding you, and the ability to take a selfie and even receive a video call from a real-world friend in virtual reality. It’s fun stuff, but Spaces is deliberately designed to be a chat app with some stuff in the edges, rather than a game where you can talk to your friends.
It’s also not even close to widely used right now. There’s no firm number of how many people have an Oculus Rift and Touch controllers at home, but unless you travel in circles where a lot of people are very into PC gaming, you may not have any Facebook friends to talk to. (Facebook says it plans to roll Spaces out to more VR headsets in the future, but there’s no firm timeline of when that’ll happen.)
But as a rough idea of what social interaction might look like in virtual reality, it’s extremely compelling. Spaces gets one key thing right: It feels like talking to someone in real life. The cartoon avatars, which seemed goofy in the Facebook demo videos, are big and bright in VR, but animated with a surprising amount of subtlety, including mouth movement when talking. The headset and two handheld controllers mean that a fair amount of body language carries through — a tilt of the head or the slight rise and fall of a hand while talking convey meaning in a way that pure audio can’t. And there’s some smart software tricks as well — a cartoon avatar’s eyes will meet your gaze when they’re looking at you, but then follow something they’re holding and looking away. What could have easily felt like talking to a dead-eyed puppet in stereoscopic vision instead felt natural and familiar, even if I was making small talk while floating in outer space.
Spaces has been in public beta since the F8 conference in mid-April, but because I don’t have many friends who have both Oculus VR headsets and Facebook accounts, I didn’t try it out until last week, when Facebook invited me to one of its offices in Manhattan. For 20 minutes, I chatted with an affable Facebook employee in virtual reality, fully prepared to find the experience a let down. Instead, I found myself curious about what my social life might be like if the VR gear needed for Facebook Spaces was more widely distributed.
Facebook was quick to say these were early days, and that Facebook Spaces is more an experiment in progress than a product building toward a final release. Until full-featured VR headsets become untangled from desktop PCs (or mobile phones improve to the point that they can power a compelling VR experience), it’s tough to imagine the tech becoming anything close to commonplace. And it’ll need to be commonplace for something like Spaces to really take off, in the way webcams and then smartphones made video chat an ordinary part of many people’s lives.
Still, spending 20 minutes chatting with a Facebook employee I’d met 2 minutes earlier is the most interesting thing I’ve done in VR this year, and it was engaging in a way that shooting zombies or exploring ancient ruins in VR isn’t. Virtual reality is still very much in its infancy, but at least it’s learning to talk.
Donald De La Haye used to play football for the University of Central Florida. He also used to have a scholarship that covered the cost of his education at the university. De La Haye, a junior at UCF, lost both his spot on the football team and his scholarship this week after the NCAA deemed him ineligible to play collegiate sports. The reason? He’d made money posting videos on YouTube.
By now, everyone in the world knows that the New York City subway is a mess. Who is going to fix it? Bill de Blasio won’t, because that’s not technically his job. Andrew Cuomo won’t, because he has no clue that it is his job. I don’t think anyone will actually make the subway better. But I know how to make it less bad.
They should change the sounds that the subway makes.
There’s this MVP: “Ladies and gentlemen, we are delayed because of train traffic ahead of us. We apologize for any inconvenience.”
I’m talking about the prerecorded sound clips that play all of the time, the ones that straphangers can mimic the cadence of to a T because they’ve heard them so many times. “Stand clear of the closing doors please,” or “Ladies and gentlemen we are being held momentarily by the train’s dispatcher. We hope to be moving shortly.”
Or lines where it’s obvious that a Speak & Spell from 1993 is slotting in the correct variable. “This is a [place]-bound [X] train. The next stop is [station],” or “Because of construction, [X] trains are now running on the [Y] line.”
And they’re all preceded by that chime, that dreaded chime, the one you hear after three minutes of being stopped in a tunnel. The chime that triggers a reflexive eye roll and deep exhale.
Think of the subway sounds like a very hard video game. One where you keep reloading a checkpoint over and over, eventually learning all of the script and dialogue and sounds due to sheer repetition. You know which doors the enemies are going to stream in from, or exactly when the set-piece explosion is going to trigger. Similarly, you know when you hear that chime that a man’s voice will come on and tell you that “we are delayed because of train traffic ahead” with a baffling inflection.
In Grand Theft Auto IV, the player spends a lot of time driving around the city, listening to dialogue between two of the characters in the car. If, for some reason, the player’s character dies or a checkpoint reloads, there are alternate versions of previously heard conversations that play instead of the exact same one over and over. It makes starting over or losing progress less of a slog.
Doing this to the subway would probably have a similar effect. Changing the sounds you’re used to makes things exciting. At some point, in the late ’90s, my uncle swapped out the Windows start-up chime on my computer with a sound bite of Robin Williams’s genie from Aladdin saying, “Does it feel good to be outta there!” and it made starting up my PC so fun. Imagine riding the subway and finding out that there are new sounds to tell you you’re going to be late for work. A new voice or a different phrasing. How delightful it would be if the chime came on and some dude just said, “Uhhh, the trains are messed up. My bad.”
I remember when the pope came to visit in 2015, there was an announcement on the platform warning people about how much he would disrupt traffic and commutes. The pope was so influential that he got his own MTA announcement. That is wild. That’s true power. It was so exciting to go into a subway station and hear an announcement I’d never heard before!
So the MTA should just add more and different sounds. It’s 2017 and digital storage space is cheap. They should pop out the figurative 128 MB SD card and slam in a 4 GB one crammed with tons of varied and different announcements about how the subway is fucked up. It would make getting screwed over by the subway exciting again.
This is a bad user experience. Sounds meant to convey information are instead causing agitation and frustrating users, who are in this case subway riders. They’re kind of like when your computer’s antivirus program keeps popping up, prompting you for a scan, or when your operating system tells you it needs to restart in order to update. The subway announcements are a well-intentioned but increasingly annoying nag that New Yorkers experience daily.
It’s a revelation that will shock precisely nobody: Your private data is not as private as you think. A pair of researchers presenting at this year’s Defcon security conference in Las Vegas demonstrated how easy it would be for someone to acquire reams of “anonymized” internet-browsing history and then de-anonymize it.
According to the Guardian, Svea Eckert and Andreas Dewes were able to acquire a database containing 3 billion URLs from 3 million German users by setting up a fake marketing company with a website and LinkedIn profile, and then contacting data brokers. The data set they got came from a browser plug-in that collects browsing data.
The demonstration is validation of the fears that many have about data retention of supposedly innocuous data like browsing history. This spring, Congress repealed an FCC regulation that would have prevented ISPs from selling sensitive data like browsing histories to third parties. Following the repeal, ISPs tried to save face by saying that they respect users’ privacy and only sell anonymized data. As the researchers at Defcon effectively demonstrated, that tactic is far from foolproof.
The supposedly anonymous data was easily deciphered, in some cases using simple methods like looking for giveaway URLs. From the Guardian:
Among the details they uncovered by combing through the data were the porn-watching habits of a judge and a medication being taken by a German MP.
Love to video chat with your Facebook friends? Love it enough to get a specialized piece of hardware just for that? If so, you may be in luck.
According to Mark Gurman at Bloomberg, Facebook is working on a device that will be devoted to video chat, powered by a Facebook personal assistant that the company is still developing. The device, which could be unveiled as soon as next spring’s F8 developer conference, would feature a wide-angle camera lens, microphones, speakers, and touch screen “between 13 and 15 inches diagonally.”
Gurman also reports that Facebook is working on its own smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo (and the host of other smart speakers headed to market), which Gurman reports would sell in “the low $100 range” — lower than other speakers on the market. But “because the speaker concept has already been popularized … Facebook could abandon it and prioritize the video chat device instead.”
In 2016, Facebook recruited Regina Dugan, a former director of DARPA, from Google, to help run its new Building 8 division, dedicated to building out hardware designed specifically for Facebook. The video-chat device would be its first official product release.
This would make for a much larger screen than the Amazon Echo Show, which is seven inches diagonally. It could also solve one of the biggest problems of video-calling someone on Amazon Echo Show, which is, there aren’t many people to talk to. Presumably the device would be able to make video calls to any Facebook friend with a phone or laptop. It would retail for “a few hundred dollars” — which would potentially put it somewhere in the range of Apple’s HomePod ($349) or Amazon’s Echo Show ($230).
Facebook’s consumer-hardware efforts have had a spotty track record. The company attempted to enter the smartphone market in 2013 with the HTC First, which used a re-skinned version of the Android OS to make Facebook the centerpiece. The phone was a quick failure in the marketplace. Its biggest hardware release to date is the Oculus Rift headset, but that wasn’t developed internally within Facebook — it was acquired when Facebook bought Oculus for $2 billion in 2014.
In a video posted on his channel — De La Haye has 98,000 followers — on Monday, he explained how he went from kicking for UCF to having to crowdfund money for tuition. He explains that the school tried to “compromise,” but he didn’t feel like any of the options they presented were fair. The NCAA was going to allow De La Haye to continue posting videos, and monetizing them, as long as they didn’t “reference his status as a student-athlete or depict his football skill or ability.” Football-related videos would be permitted on a separate channel and could not be monetized. (All of his top-viewed YouTube videos have to do with football.) De La Haye didn’t go for it. “In the end, I don’t feel like there was any compromising really happening. They wanted me to give my money up, that I made, which is crazy. I worked so hard for it,” he said in his video on Monday. “They wanted me to take down my videos.”
According the NCAA bylaws, a student “may establish his or her own business, provided the student-athlete’s name, photograph, appearance or athletics reputation are not used to promote the business.” De La Haye’s side hustle was clearly in violation of that rule, though with his most popular video charting in at just shy of 500,000 views, it seems unlikely he was bringing in that much revenue. Since deciding to part ways with the NCAA, De La Haye also started a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to pay for school. He’s raised a little over $4,300 in the day that the campaign has been live. “Yes, I made a little bit of money from youtube but nowhere near enough to pay for school,” De La Haye wrote in the campaign’s description. “I want to continue pursuing my passion of creating videos, I also want to continue pursuing my marketing degree but no longer have the funds necessary to achieve that.”
For users running the latest version of Canary, the built-in ad-blocker is automatically enabled upon launch. (If you want to turn it off, you can visit the Content section under Settings on an enabled Chrome browser near you.) However, unlike popular Chrome extensions like Adblock, the feature doesn’t block all ads, only the ones that Google deems to be particularly intrusive.
Google doesn’t want people to call the feature an “ad-blocker” — it instead insists it’s merely a tool for “filtering ads” — but that doesn’t change the fact that what it does is … well, block ads. And while the idea of a built-in function that spares us all from the horrors of autoplaying videos sounds heavenly, no matter what you call it, it’s worth considering the worrying amount of control such a feature would give companies like Google over their competitors.
So what’s considered intrusive in Google’s book? The ad-blocker follows the standards set by the Coalition for Better Ads, which deems invasive advertisements like pop-up ads, autoplaying video ads with sound, prestitial ads, and large sticky ads to be unacceptable.
However, advertisements that Google deems to be unobtrusive will get to stay — meaning most contained banner and sidebar ads will probably continue to annoy you, Chrome-blocker enabled or not. Users will have the option to add specific domains to a designated “Block” or “Allow” list, but it remains to be seen exactly what this means in practice, as the feature hasn’t yet been fully enabled on the latest version of Canary.
Allowing Google — a business that gets the vast majority of its revenue from ad sales — to become the de facto gatekeeper for the eyes of the majority of desktop-browser users could result in some serious conflicts of interest. And, with the inclusion of this semi-complete version of the feature in the latest beta, it’s looking like this will be an issue that users and advertisers alike will have to confront sooner rather than later.
Back in April, The Wall Street Journal reported that Google had plans to include a built-in ad-blocker in an upcoming version of Chrome. Today, users of the most popular desktop browser in the world got their first taste of what the future of web-browsing could be like, when the ad-blocking feature was included in the latest update to Chrome Canary — the work-in-progress version of Google Chrome, meant primarily for developers and those crazy folks called beta-testers.
Back in June, Danielle Bregoli — the teen who yelled “cash me outside, howbow dah?” at the studio audience of a taping of The Dr. Phil Show and rocketed to viral fame — pleaded guilty in a Florida courthouse to charges including marijuana possession, grand theft, and filing a false police report. Today, TMZ reports the 14-year-old has been sentenced to five years probation, and that several other charges against her have been dropped as part of the deal.
Bregoli, who hails from Florida, will be serving out her sentence in California, where she lives with her mother, TMZ also reports. It’s unclear if this will have any impact on Bregoli’s reported television deal. Here’s hoping the terms of her probation still allow her to burn David Spade on Instagram. Though we could do with a few less #spon Instas from Bregoli.
The bill also allows for security researchers to test devices and report vulnerabilities to manufacturers without fear of legal consequences. Security research requires those testing vulnerabilities to break security measures, potentially in violation of current technology regulations, like the outdated Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
There is also, as Brian Krebs highlights, the seemingly gargantuan task of requiring each executive agency to inventory all of its internet-connected devices. These days, that might be easier said than done.
Made fast and cheap by manufacturers, many IoT devices have poor security restrictions that make them susceptible to hacking or remote control. Why, after all, does your Wi-Fi-enabled water bottle need encryption? But recent DDoS attacks have hinged on botnets composed of hundreds of thousands of unsecured IoT devices, bringing more attention to how a glut of poorly secured devices imperils the broader internet.
A move by the Senate that’s anything short of disastrous these days is something of a rarity, but the self-described world’s greatest deliberative body managed to come up with something good this week when two senators introduced legislation seeking to secure the Internet of Things. The product category, which covers internet-enabled devices that we don’t generally perceive as “smart,” like light bulbs and kitchen appliances, has become one of the most perilous threats to cybersecurity in recent years.
As a start, this week Senators Mark Warner (D-VA) and Cory Gardner (R-CO) introduced the Internet of Things Cybersecurity Improvement Act of 2017 to protect the federal government. The act ups security standards for vendors that sell internet-enabled technology to the government. Requirements include the ability to patch devices with security updates and prohibiting manufacturers from hard-coding admin passwords into firmware.
Commonsense regulations like these would go a long way toward bolstering internet security. Any tech firm hoping to land a government contract would need to comply with these new security regulations by making changes that would probably be applied to consumer sales as well.
I avoided Instagram Stories for 11-and-a-half months. I didn’t want to cave.
But it deserves some credit, too. When Instagram first announced Stories, CEO Kevin Systrom was fairly candid about the fact that it was all but a carbon copy of their competition. “This format unlocks a new version of creativity for us,” he told the New York Times. “I think Instagram will be judged by where we go from here, and what we make of it in the future.” Where Instagram went was up — today, users spend more time on Instagram Stories in total than they do on Snapchat. And what it made was Stories. That is: Instagram’s wholesale adoption of Stories as a format has introduced it to a whole new audience — older users not fluent in Snapchat (Instagram boasts that users over 25 spend over 24 minutes per day using it) — and helped transform it into the most popular and successful new form of social-media communication since the tweet.
I understand this. Over the last year, I watched a lot of Stories. Influencers snapping from their perfectly curated L.A. apartments. Lena Dunham being Lena Dunham. They’re fun. I watched as friends started recording dozens of Stories a day, and as people who would never touch Snapchat took up Instagram Stories with gusto. Still, I held out. Why reward the copycats? Two weeks ago, thanks to a combination of a decently convincing friend and several drinks served to me in a coconut, I gave in. I wish I had done it sooner.
Last night, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian went on Jimmy Kimmel’s show to talk about how good the internet is. It’s about connecting people! And giving them a voice! And gathering on forums of upskirt photos with names like r/fatpeoplehate! The PR blitz comes on the heels of Reddit raising another $200 million in funding; it’s now valued at $1.8 billion. The internet has been very good to Alexis Ohanian.
But anyway, last night he was on Kimmel to gloss over all of that and talk about Reddit being really nice and funny. He talked about a cute post of a dog that looks like famed character actor William H. Macy. It was posted by gryff42, who Ohanian said, “might have a really important day job; he might be a college student; he might be a head of state — you don’t know.”
“There’s some filthy stuff on here,” Kimmel said, scrolling through this random guy’s comment history.
At this point, Kimmel proceeded to pull up the rest of gryff42’s Reddit comment history for his national audience of millions, conflating gryff42’s comments with the sometimes-NSFW subject matter. As he described on Reddit’s “Today I Fucked Up” forum this morning, “I hardly ever post filthy stuff but I commented on a NSFW TIFU a few days ago and I think Jimmy thought it was my submission at the short glance he took.”
Gryff42 doesn’t really have to worry about a backlash. Still, it just goes to show that Reddit’s ability to elevate anyone’s words to a national audience can have unintended consequences. Ohanian has not commented on the thread as of this afternoon.
This is hardly the first time Reddit activity has inadvertently made the national news cycle. When Ken Bone (remember him?) participated in an AMA shortly before the 2016 election, his unfortunate past comments were broadcast to a wider audience. He quickly apologized.
For anxious Instagram photographers, Stories represent a release from pressure. For Facebook itself, Stories are a way to sidestep “context collapse” — the phenomenon where users are forced to juggle broadly different social-media audiences, like co-workers, family, and close friends. Rather than permanent posts with hornets’ nests of comments, Stories are simple, short videos — difficult to share, difficult to hate, and difficult to send to the wrong place. Facebook needs content if it wants to keep selling ads, and after looking long and hard at Snapchat, it’s clearly figured out the kind of content that works.
Things aren’t going so well for Hampton Creek, the once-lauded start-up behind Just Mayo, an eggless mayo that people seem to like. A few weeks ago, the entire board aside from CEO Josh Tetrick resigned en masse.
Now, the company is facing a trademark dispute from Just Goods, an environmentally conscious bottled-water start-up (cool word combo there) backed by Jaden Smith. Smith, the star of After Earth, is the son of actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith. The company operates out of a repurposed Catholic church in upstate New York.
According to Bloomberg, Just Goods believes Hampton Creek is violating a trademark agreement the two companies reached in 2014: “Just Goods alleges that Hampton Creek revised its brand to emphasize the word ‘just’ after encountering legal or marketing difficulties in the course of its business.”
All of this centers around the word just, because Smith’s company alleges that it needs to give permission for how Hampton Creek emphasizes the word on its products. It claims that the maker of Just Mayo is causing market confusion.
Smith has yet to comment on his lawsuit against the imitation-mayo “tech” start-up, though he has used the word just on Twitter a few times.
Stories are, of course, short videos that users could record and upload for their friends’ viewing pleasure, to be played in sequence before disappearing forever after 24 hours. For years, Stories had been more or less the exclusive purview of Snapchat — the social network’s trademark and defining feature — until exactly a year ago today, when Instagram went and introduced its own identical version.
But it wasn’t just Instagram that had stolen Snapchat’s thunder. Stories are now everywhere. Back in March, Facebook (which owns Instagram) also rolled out a Stories feature for its main app, which means that Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat — and, over in Asia, the ever-growing Snapchat clone Snow — are all focusing on fun, goofy, ephemeral video as their output. Everything — as the memes went — was getting Stories. Pregnancy tests. Graphing calculators. Even Owen Wilson’s teeth got Stories.
Why Stories? Part of it is just the rush of attention and novelty that comes with something new. There’s a much lower threshold involved in posting a Story — whip out phone, film dumb five-second video, add flamingo sticker, post, repeat — than there is in, say, editing and posting a full-on YouTube video. You don’t really have to have anything significant to say (not that this has ever stopped anybody from posting videos on YouTube), and it doesn’t take long. And then you get to watch the views tick upward in the form of an organized list of the names of all the people who were interested enough in your life to stop and tap through your Story. Want to be a social-media influencer? No need to create a YouTube account — leverage your already-extant Instagram account and your phone to become an influencer to all of your followers!
I used both apps, but I was skeptical of Instagram Stories. Snapchat was for the kind of goofy, casual video content that didn’t need to last forever, while Instagram was for posed, memorable snapshots. Snapchat had the puppy filter; Instagram didn’t. Snapchat had cool teens; Instagram had people I went to college with. If it was good enough for the teens, then damn it, Snapchat was good enough for me.
Smartphone batteries have come a long way in just a few years. Even a budget smartphone in 2017 can store more juice — and manage it better — than smartphones from five years ago that would need a top-off at lunch if you wanted to go out that night.
Still, whether because you’re away from a power outlet for an extended period or you just forgot to charge overnight, you’ll still sometimes find yourself in the red. If there are no power outlets or kindly bartenders in sight, here’s how to eke out the most of a battery before you go completely dark.
This may seem like a no-brainer, but if for some reason you haven’t been doing this, start. Both iOS and Android have an automatic battery-saving mode that will kick in when you hit a certain percentage of battery life left (by default, 20 percent on iPhone and 15 percent on Android devices). It’ll do things like dim your screen, stop automatic app updates in the background, and stop some apps like your email client from pulling down data. To make sure it’s enabled, follow these steps.
On iOS: This is automatically enabled — just make sure to hit yes on the pop-up that’ll show up when your battery goes below 20 percent.
On Android: Go to Settings > Battery > Battery Saver, and make sure “Turn on automatically” is set to “At 15% battery.”
While low-power mode will keep you going when you hit 15 or 20 percent, that often only means it’ll last the rest of your subway ride home — your phone will still probably give up the ghost if you’re using any of its features pretty quickly. So if you know you’re going to be out for a while and may need to use a mapping app (or just want to listen to music on your way home), flip on low-power mode before you go.
On iOS: Go to Settings > Battery, and flip the switch for Low Power Mode to green. On iOS 10, you can also try out some battery-saving suggestions based on your usages patterns without enabling everything in Low Power Mode.
On Android: Go to Settings > Battery > Battery Saver, and enable Battery Saver.
By far the biggest drain on a phone’s battery is powering your phone’s screen. Using low-power mode will already dim the brightness on your phone by quite a bit, but unless you’re in direct sunlight, you may be able to go lower. Make sure your phone’s auto-lock time is set as low as possible (ideally 30 seconds or shorter), so your screen won’t stay on after you stop using it.
You can safely use mapping apps if you need to while your phone is low on battery, but leaving your phone on for turn-by-turn directions while driving, or a complicated series of transfers on public transit, will take it from red to dead pretty quickly. Keeping the screen on and constantly using your phone’s GPS just drains the battery too much.
If you’re ranging away from somewhere with a steady cell signal, switch your phone to airplane mode until you’re back in range. Your phone will suck up energy attempting to find a signal that’s intermittent or isn’t there. (You can, of course, just go into airplane mode altogether if you don’t need a data connection at all.)
If you’re somewhere with a good Wi-Fi signal, use that instead of your cellular-data connection. Your Wi-Fi uses far less battery life than the cell radios in your phone — and, of course, is easier on your data plan as well.
If you’ve ever gone through all your “open” apps and shut them down in an effort to save some battery life, good news: You never have to do that again. Shutting down background apps won’t do anything to save battery life. Both iOS and Android are much, much better managers of active apps than you’ll be, and all those “open” apps aren’t really open — they’re cached versions of where you left off in that particular app. (Some apps may still run in the background, but if you’re in a low-power mode already, they shouldn’t use much battery life.) Shutting everything down just consumes battery life while you keep your screen on. Worse, if you do reopen the app, it’ll consume more power than if you’d just left everything as it was.
Obviously, watching Netflix while nursing a battery that’s hovering above zero isn’t a great idea. But streaming music or a podcast will still tax your phone’s battery. Stick to things you’ve downloaded to your phone if possible. You can usually snag an album’s worth of music or an hour-long podcast in a minute or so if you’re on a decent Wi-Fi connection.
But it’s not just that Stories are easy, or new. It’s that they’re different. As a format, they fall somewhere between snaps, which you only send to a specific person and self-delete immediately after they’re viewed, and Instagram photos, which last forever unless you manually delete them. In a world where tweets and Facebook posts can scuttle jobs and attract harassment and abuse, the semi-permanence of a Story is attractive — as is its lack of a public comment section. They let you communicate with your friends what you’re up to, without requiring a perfect filter. And, unless you’re Kim Kardashian beefing with Taylor Swift, once those hours are up, you’ll probably never have to think about that given Story again.
Pro tip: If you’re going to mine bitcoins, maybe don’t do it on company time. And definitely don’t do it on company time using company property. This week, Vladimir Ilyayev, a computer-systems manager for the New York City Department of Education, was fined for using his work computer to mine bitcoins — which, to oversimplify, involves using software to solve math problems in exchange for bitcoins — back in 2014. In his deposition, Ilyayev says he was “thwarted five or six times by DOE’s computer security software,” but that he was ultimately able to get around it and install the necessary software. “I ran Bitcoin mining software on my [work] computer from 6:00 p.m. until 6:00 a.m. every night from March 19, 2014 until April 17, 2014, when my Bitcoin mining software was shut down by [the DOE] Division of Instructional and Information Technology,” Ilyayev said.
Three years later, the DOE and the New York Conflicts of Interest Board are on it. (During those years, another DOE employee, Rishard Chapoteau, was investigated for a similar issue, but ultimately found not guilty.) As punishment for his side hustle, Ilyayev was forced to give up four days of annual leave, translating to a loss of $611 in wages. Hope the blockchain was worth it.
A version of this has been around for some time, though for much of its life, the related stories only appeared after a user had clicked on a link in their News Feed. Now, those links will be shown preemptively. The feature was tested over the spring and is rolling out more broadly.
Every few weeks, Facebook comes out with a new statement about fake news, the gist of which is, “Just trust us, we’re working on it.” Guess what? It’s time again. This morning, the company announced that it was rolling out a Related Articles feature to highlight varying outlets’ coverage of certain stories and topics.
“We don’t want to be and are not the arbiters of the truth. The fact checkers can give the signal of whether a story is true or false,” News Feed product manager Tessa Lyons told TechCrunch.
Is any of this working? Who knows? Facebook says it is, so you’re just going to have to take its word for it.
As with any announcement on this topic from Facebook, the company has also decided to throw a few buzzwords out as well: “Now, we will start using updated machine learning to detect more potential hoaxes to send to third-party fact checkers. If an article has been reviewed by fact checkers, we may show the fact checking stories below the original post.” So, they’re using AI to figure out if something might be a hoax, and then sending it to a real human to make the final determination.
A week after being inaugurated — in front of some less-than-huge crowds — Trump made several calls to leaders around the world. Today, the Washington Post released transcripts from two of those calls, with Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto and Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull. The transcripts are, uh, really something. “If you are going to say that Mexico is not going to pay for the wall, then I do not want to meet with you guys anymore because I cannot live with that,” Trump told Peña Nieto, after requesting that Peña Nieto not tell the press that Mexico would not pay for a wall.
Perhaps the most memorable, or at the very least most meme-able, moment came from Trump’s conversation with Turnbull. “I hate taking these people,” Trump told Turnbull, speaking of refugees. “I guarantee you they are bad. That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people.” This probably goes without saying, but, folks, “local milk people” is now a meme.
Select All would have reached out to the local milk people for comment, but weirdly, all the emails we sent to localmilkpeople@aol.com bounced back.
During a recent test of a 787-800 Dreamliner, Boeing decided — in addition to, you know, making sure the plane worked — to get a little fancy with the flight pattern. Its route? The airplane flew over to Michigan … and then proceeded to fly in the shape of itself. “Rather than fly in random patterns, the test team got creative, flying a route that outlined a 787-8 in the skies over 22 states,” a Boeing spokesperson told the Washington Post. “The nose of the Dreamliner is pointing at the Puget Sound region, home to Boeing Commercial Airplanes. The wings stretch from northern Michigan near the Canadian border to southern Texas. The tail touches Huntsville, Alabama.”
Sings to the tune of Carly Simon’s “You’re So Vain”: You’re so plane. You probably think this route is about you.
A cybersecurity researcher known online as MalwareTech has been indicted in the U.S. for allegedly creating and spreading malicious software. Ironically, MalwareTech was also responsible for significantly slowing down the recent globewide WannaCry ransomware attack, by sinkholing a domain that the software relied on to operate. According to Motherboard, the researcher was detained following the DEF CON hacker conference in Las Vegas this past week.
A friend of Hutchins told Motherboard that he was detained in Nevada, and a U.S. Marshals spokesperson said that the FBI carried out the arrest. The indictment was served in Wisconsin’s eastern district. Hutchins’s Twitter profile lists his home as the United Kingdom.
Others in the cybersecurity world are expressing skepticism regarding the prosecutors’ claims, citing evidence such as a 2014 tweet in which Hutchins asked for a sample of the Kronos malware, which he purportedly made himself.
The indictment, also obtained by Motherboard, says that MalwareTech (real name: Malcolm Hutchins) was arrested for allegedly creating and distributing the Kronos malware. Hutchins and another unidentified defendant are accused of advertising and selling the malware on various hacker forums, including the recently shuttered AlphaBay. Hutchins is explicitly identified as the creator of the malware, which was being sold for thousands of dollars.
One of the many reasons Twitter is a fascinating online platform is that it can bring together thousands of people from wildly different backgrounds, with almost no shared linguistic or cultural references, and force them to scream at each other for hours. Today’s impossibly weird thing people are fighting over is corncobs.
The corncob thing appears to have started last night when Yashar Ali (a New York Magazine contributor) shared an anti–Kamala Harris meme-image on his Twitter account to make the point that “the Bernie Sanders crew” already seems to be mobilizing against the prospect of a 2020 presidential run by the California senator:
The meme contains fairly standard left-wing criticisms of Establishment Democrats, and Harris in particular: She’s too cozy with big money, too soft on mass incarceration, and so forth. But curled around her head like a crown sits another, more opaque accusation: that she is a “centrist corncob.” What does this mean?
But, wait, okay, what? The casual reader is still totally unclear about what corncob means, or why Al Giordano thinks it’s a “rape culture and homophobic term.”
I’m sorry to be the guy who explains the joke, but: Basically, the tweet refers to a situation in which someone is just getting massively owned (that is, losing an argument or an insult war) on the internet, most likely on Twitter, but refuses to recognize this fact, and instead of apologizing or just going offline for a while, steamrolls ahead, insisting the entire time that they are not, in fact, owned. (See also: “I’m not mad.”)
But if you’re not familiar with the Dril tweet and a certain adjacent online vernacular, corncob could mean something else. A March 25th, 2012, Urban Dictionary definition, for example, defines corncob differently: “to be screwed over on any sort of in any way. Use of word ranges from buying a used car to being cut off in traffic. It doesn’t take much imagination to figure out it literally means to be fucked in the ass with a corncob.” And there’s at least some pop-culture history that could, I guess, be used to support this definition: In 1998’s Half Baked, when Dave Chappelle’s character’s buddy Kenny, played by the comedian Harland Williams, gets imprisoned, he expresses his fears about getting raped in prison in a, uh, colorful manner that modern-day Twitter would not have reacted well to: “In 11 days I’m as good as skewered! Ever take your clothes off and run backwards through a cornfield?”
Other than that rather indirect reference and the Urban Dictionary entry, though, there just isn’t much evidence for a “dudebro” interpretation of the term corncob, and for what it’s worth, when I asked Twitter whether people had ever associated the term, on its own, with penetration, a bunch of people indicated they hadn’t (no one in the Select All or Daily Intel Slack chat rooms said they had either). I can’t say I’ve ever heard the term corncob used in this way, and whenever I see it, I definitely think of the Dril tweet, not someone being screwed over, let alone violated with an actual corncob.
All of which brings us to today, to the umpteenth online fight between the Bernie left and Hillary Democrats, two Twitter subcultures that are constantly launching all manner of allegations at each other. One couldn’t design a better tweet to kick off another round of Bernie-Hillary infighting, given that so much of that Twitter-war’s history has to do with accusations of misogyny and dudebroness; immediately, the Sanders side started ridiculing Giordano for failing to get an internet reference (one which, to be fair, 95 percent of Americans probably wouldn’t get), and soon everyone was talking about and making really stupid jokes and in-jokes about corncobs, as well as ridiculing Giordano for his Twitter ignorance.
Al Giordano, an enthusiastic Clinton supporter and Twitter-fight-starter who is probably more famous among the “dudebros” he seeks to criticize than the Democrats he sticks up for, quote-retweeted Ali’s tweet, demanding that “[e]very cretin who has spread this meme needs to reckon with how it uses ‘corncob,’ a rape culture and homophobic term popular among dudebros.”
And then Neera Tanden got involved. Tanden, who’s suggested that some left criticism of Harris is racist in nature, is the head of the Center for American Progress (disclosure: I worked in their youth-politics department for a couple years a long time ago) and is yet another Sanders-Twitter bête noire, in part because she is seen as part of the, well, corncob-centrist Democratic Establishment whose incompetence (in their view) handed the election to an insane sexual-assaulting galoot.
For some reason, Tanden, who has almost 90,000 followers and who is a major figure in Democratic circles, decided to engage with a random Ohio State student and to demand, in a sentence that is incredibly funny to read when it’s yanked out of context, that she “denounce” some anonymous memester’s use of the term corncob:
Because the Twitter-Sanders left despises Tanden, this, of course, inflamed things further, and likely extended the Corncob Affair a few hours longer than it would have otherwise lasted, and, naturally, led to someone messing around with her Wikipedia page:
So that’s where we are now. Is corncob a dudebro homophobic insult? That’s a stretch. Is Twitter terrible? Yes. Is it also funny? Absolutely.
Among the many reasons consumers might be averse to devices like the Amazon Echo, which features an always-on microphone capable of connecting to the internet, is the possibility that it might activate during … intimate conversations and moments. Like if you’re discussing sensitive information, or committing murder, or trying to have sex with someone.
But why not turn a weakness into a strength? Per a recent press release, you can now ask Alexa for activity-based playlists like meditation or exercise or boning down. Amazon suggests “songs for making babies” or “hooking up.”
Using the Alexa functionality on my Kindle, I gave the feature a test-drive (requesting playlists, not the other — you know what I mean). The service did not yet recognize the request for “songs for making babies,” but it did start a playlist called “Sexy Classic Rock” when I requested songs for hooking up. The first few tracks were the Pretenders’ “Bad Boys Get Spanked,” Guns N’ Roses’ “Rocket Queen,” Warrant’s “Cherry Pie,” Fleetwood Mac’s “Rhiannon,” Van Morrison’s “Crazy Love,” and T. Rex’s “Bang a Gong.”
In fact, if you’re coming to the internet from the opposite end of Giordano and Tanden — if you’re steeped in the jokes and personalities of “Weird Twitter,” from which a lot of the active leftists on Twitter come, corncob means something else. To me — to a lot of people who spend too much of their lives hunched over before Twitter’s hateful glow — any reference to corncob immediately brings to mind a classic tweet by Dril, a brilliant twitter comedian and Weird-Twitter mainstay:
Instead of beating around the bush, I then asked Alexa to play “songs for fucking,” and my device started playing “Sexy Classic Rock” again. So if you’re into smashing while Foreigner plays in the background, Amazon has just the thing for you.
To corncob oneself, were we to rely on this etymology, is to basically be a self-embarrassing fool. “Centrist corncob,” taken this way, fits into the common left-wing view that centrist Democrats are always trying to twist themselves into positions that (an often purely hypothetical) Middle America will find acceptable. In doing so, they are corncobbing themselves.
Earlier on Thursday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Special Counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury as part of his ongoing investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election. (The White House, for its part, just keeps reiterating that Donald Trump is not under investigation and plans to fully cooperate with Mueller.) The WSJ called it “a sign that his inquiry is growing in intensity and entering a new phase.” This is, clearly, big news. The kind of news that major networks should be talking about. But, at least as far as Twitter memes are concerned, there seems to be a bit of a divide in what certain networks are talking about right now. Mostly, who is and who isn’t talking about the grand jury.
Frankly, once you’ve read The Wall Street Journal report about the grand jury, you might want to tune into Fox News. Seems like they’re running some very fun segments this evening. Just look at that squirrel on the water skis!
Because we couldn’t let you start your weekend without at least one more piece of news filed to “Uber, What You Doing?!?!,” here’s a charming anecdote about Uber’s business practices in Singapore. The company, according to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, purchased and leased over 1,000 Honda Vezels to drivers there. Uber did this after Honda recalled the vehicles in April 2016 because of an electric fault that can cause the cars to heat up and catch on fire.
From the WSJ:
After the January incident, WSJ also reports, Uber leaders met in San Francisco to work out a plan for getting replacement parts for the faulty Vezels and temporarily deactivating any driver who had one. (Remember, these are cars Uber leased to drivers, so taking them out of the game likely meant taking money out of drivers’ pockets.) “We took swift action to fix the problem, in close coordination with Singapore’s Land Transport Authority as well as technical experts,” an Uber spokesman said. “But we acknowledge we could have done more — and we have done so.” Maybe the company should also add “has working knowledge and general concern for fire safety” to the list of qualifications its seeking in a CEO to replace Travis Kalanick. Couldn’t hurt.
According to internal emails obtained by the Jounal, Uber purchased 100 Vezels from a Singapore-based dealer, Sunrita (which the company is currently suing), just days after Honda recalled the cars. In May 2016, Sunrita contacted Uber about the recall and offered a timeline for fixing the cars by the end of August. By January 2017 (the month Koh Seng Tian’s car went up in flames), Uber still hadn’t taken them up on it and the cars still were at risk of combustion. It bought over 1,000 more Vezels during that time.
During a recent stage of the Tour de Pologne (“Tour of Poland” for the non-Francophiles out there), a small horse with big dreams decided to take a chance and enter the gauntlet. We do not know the horse’s name or what has since become of it, but the horse will always be in our hearts, galloping where others preferred to pedal. Best of luck on your future endeavors, Bike Race Horse.
This morning, we all awoke into a new world — a world in which a man was being celebrated for finding his wife attractive. “Husband Instagram Note to His ‘Curvy’ Wife Is Going Viral for an Amazing Reason,” Brides wrote. “Husband’s Love Note to His ‘Curvy’ Wife Should Be Required Reading,” proclaimed the Huffington Post. “Are You Kidding Me With This Big Dummy,” screamed everybody on Twitter.
After a yearlong experiment on the ad-free platform of Medium, another independent media publisher has migrated away from the platform, which is having a bit of an identity crisis. The Awl family of sites, which includes the Hairpin and the Billfold, is now back on Wordpress. The sites’ move comes roughly a year after they migrated onto the platform as part of a pilot program, joined by sites like Pacific Standard and the Ringer (both of which have also moved to other backends since their presumably yearlong contracts ran out).
“The move to Medium was a cool experiment, in my opinion, but the year is up and personally I missed the ads,” editor Silvia Killingsworth wrote on the Awl. (Disclosure: I contribute to a weekly Hairpin column about the rock band Spoon.)
The continual departures signal trouble for Medium, the platform that wanted to make online publishing less of a headache. The company’s pitch to publishers at the time was that they would handle all of the backend technical work and, if needed, monetization, allowing editors to focus on producing solid work.
But the program ran into a few snags. For one thing, Medium had no infrastructure to support banner display ads, requiring sites to alter their previous monetization strategies. The focus was on some version of native ads — useful news stories funded by advertisers and explicitly identified as such. The Ringer sold its own inventory as static JPEGs in articles. This past winter, Medium’s founder Ev Williams announced that he was rejiggering the company to find a better revenue model, floating ideas like paywalls and subscriptions, while also announcing layoffs that shuttered all of the company’s offices outside of San Francisco. The program highlighted the continuing perils of offloading infrastructure for online content to platforms that may pivot or change direction away from an individual-user or publications’ needs.
The post goes on to explain what a “real woman” looks like — “not a porn star or a bikini mannequin or a movie character … she has beautiful stretch marks on her hips and cute little dimples on her booty” – and letting all the real women out there know that there is a guy just waiting to “celebrate” them, probably with a self-congratulatory Instagram post. Because the internet is just woke enough to understand beauty standards but not quite woke enough to ignore men who talk too much about them, Tripp’s viral Instagram became — for a while at least — fodder for breathless, inspirational coverage. Folks online were, understandably less than inspired.
The woke husband/dummy in question was Robbie Tripp, who describes himself in his Instagram bio as “TEDx Speaker Husband to a curvy goddess.” In case you didn’t catch that he’s husband to a curvy goddess, you might check out the caption of one of his latest Instagram posts, featuring a photo of Tripp and said “curvy” wife on a beach. The “curvy” wife has a name — it’s Sarah — but to find that you’ve got to scroll through to the end of a lengthy paragraph about Tripp’s struggles with being “teased” for being into to “girls on the thicker side, ones who were shorter and curvier, girls that the average (basic) bro might refer to as ‘chubby’ or even ‘fat.’” Brave stuff.
In Robbie’s defense, Sarah, based on her own Instagram post, seems totally fine with her husband’s post and language. Which is good for him. But for every other dude, and non-dude, out there reading this, please don’t think for a second that this is an okay thing to do. Your wife, based on the fact that you two got, uh, married, probably already knows you’re into her. Skip the Instagram.
We’re still waiting on those newly minted 2017 emoji to drop — Apple users can expect to see them on devices “later this year” — but the Unicode Consortium is already looking ahead to the future. During a recent meeting of the Unicode Technical Committee, Unicode president Mark Davis announced more than 65 new, potential emoji which are being considered for the next batch. Important possibilities include a cupcake, a kangaroo, a lobster, a frowning poop emoji, a lacrosse stick, and a peacock. There is also a hiking boot, a flat shoe, a lab coat, a microbe, and a “leafy green.” Really something for everybody there.
There are also several new hair-related proposed emoji, including the much-debated redhead emoji and both a head with curly hair and a head with no hair. Of course, these are all just drafts. For all we know, by next year Unicode will have decided against the abacus emoji. And then we’ll all just be sad and have to spell out abacus the old-fashioned way.
Everything old, or not really that old, is new again in Silicon Valley. According to a new report from the Wall Street Journal, Google is working on its answer to Snapchat. It’s called Stamp — a portmanteau of “stories” and “AMP,” the acronym for Accelerated Mobile Pages, Google’s quick-loading web articles — and you could be seeing it as early as next week, sources with intel on the project told WSJ. The new platform would be similar to Snapchat’s Discover feature, where publishers create and share made-for-Snapchat (or repurposed-for-Snapchat) content.
The Journal reports Google has been in talked with outlets including CNN, the Washington Post, Time, Vox, and Mic. “Participating publishers would run stories that could be several swipeable slides encompassing text, photos and video, just as on Snapchat.” Unlike Snapchat’s Discover section, Stamp wouldn’t be part of a designated app. Instead it’s possible Stamp content would be shown beneath Google’s search bar.
Google isn’t the only company coming for Snapchat this week. Facebook, fresh on the heels of celebrating the first anniversary of copying Snapchat to create Instagram Stories, began testing a stories feature for desktop users. (It already has stories on mobile, though it often feels like nobody uses them.) Nobody tell Miranda Kerr. The model and wife of Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel has historically not been too thrilled about other tech companies ripping off her husband’s product. “Do they have to steal all of my partner’s ideas? I’m so appalled by that … When you directly copy someone, that’s not innovation.”
Of the many sad things about the ten-page anti-diversity memo written by an anonymous Google employee, the saddest might be how deeply familiar it is. The screed, which circulated around Google’s internal social network last week before being reported on by Motherboard and published by Gizmodo this weekend, has set the tech-industry internet on fire, but there’s nothing new in it. It’s recognizable in form and content to veterans of the comments section on Reddit and Hacker News. Its self-professed eminent rationality, its bullet-pointed plod through long-debunked myths about gender performance, its pleas for open debate and discussion are exactly the same ones you find in any forum discussion anywhere on the differences between men and women and their inherent technical abilities.
It’s important to recognize how widespread this sensibility is because it’s important to understand that sexism in the tech industry is not only carryover sexism from the rest of society: It’s a consequence of a series of myths and stories that programmers and engineers tell themselves and each other. When you strip away the wrongheaded ideas about gender, the self-regarding appeals to reason, and the sense of self-importance that led the author to worry about the presence of women “harming” Google, what’s left at the core of the memo is a set of ideas about technology, and what it takes to be good at it. The computer industry is built upon the myth of a few antisocial hackers in a garage, creating entire worlds on their own. Qualities like narrowly defined rationality are prized, while qualities like empathy or social aptitude are regarded as irrelevant to the core function of a technology worker: solving discrete problems efficiently.
This idea of who can code and who can’t was probably never accurate, but as software has swallowed the world, it’s become more than just inaccurate — it’s harmful. As recent ex-Googler Yonatan Zunger wrote on Medium, this idea of the lone hero coder dragged down by teamwork, and collaboration, and diversity doesn’t work at a company the size of Google, where the products they make are gargantuan coordinated efforts with dozens of moving parts, which affect end-users, who are — just to remind you — real people. “The truly hard parts about this job,” he wrote, “are knowing which code to write, building the clear plan of what has to be done in order to achieve which goal, and building the consensus required to make that happen.”
But just because it’s boring doesn’t mean we should dismiss it. In fact, it’s important not to overlook how boring it truly is, how rote and bland this type of thinking is, and how prevalent it is across the technology industry. It’s easy to pretend that the droning commenters we’re all familiar with are frustrated wannabes on the periphery of the tech industry, but the memo — and the response — makes it clear to anyone who couldn’t tell that many who hold the Googler’s stance are employed at its beating heart. Not long after the full text of the screed appeared online, Motherboard sought out quotes from Googlers using an anonymous-forum app called Blind. “I’m impressed. It took serious guts to post that,” one person wrote. Another said, “We should all go and respond with support. The more the supporters, the safer he is.”
To their credit, some companies have recognized this. Last year, when an anonymous employee crossed out “Black Lives Matter” and wrote “All Lives Matter” on a message wall at the Facebook office, Mark Zuckerberg publicly reprimanded the behavior — an institutional signal that skills like “knowing how to not be an asshole” were important to continued employment at Facebook. Facebook has plenty of work to do to make its workforce diverse and equitably compensated, but top-down signals matter. Google, as large and profitable as it is, must also recognize the importance of expanding the narrow understanding of what makes a good technical employee. But the simple fact is that the person who wrote this memo has plenty of support within his company — and within the broader tech industry. Just read any comment thread on the subject.
Move over, Pixar — there’s a new CGI creature in town, and he comes from the most unlikely of places, the National Security Agency. Of the federal government agencies that you’d expect to have an anthropomorphic mascot dedicated to reducing environmental waste, the NSA is probably near the bottom of the list.
The mascot, Dunk, became public knowledge in 2015, thanks to a menacing NSA tweet the agency sent to publicize its green efforts.
That effort included a school initiative teaching children how to conduct a waste audit, categorize trash, and figure out how effective they were at properly disposing of trash. Yes, the NSA wanted children to go snooping through trash, which seems almost too on the nose to be true. “So you’re asking me, hey Dunk, what is a waste audit? Well, you’re going to dig through all of the trash in your school and then you’re going to analyze it,” the blue beast intoned in his nasal voice. “You’ll need to identify the types of trash making up the waste stream of your school and the amounts of each type of trash, by weight and volume.”
On August 22, 2008, a graphic-design coordinator sent an email with the subject line, “(U) Quick Idea.” Attached was a file called “recycle idea.pdf,” which contained preliminary sketches for two waste-disposal bins with faces and arms. One is a round, green recycling bin, for soda cans and such; the other is an orange dumpster labeled “WOOD ONLY” that’s disposing of a pallet. The slogan: Think Before You Throw.
Upon learning of Dunk, I submitted a Freedom of Information Act request for any communication and documents related to the development of Dunk. More than two years later, the NSA came through with a handful of unclassified documents.
The initiative was put on hold until the graphic-design coordinator returned from leave in early September. The next email exchange that the NSA included begins on October 1, when a waste-and-recycling manager inquires about the Dunk program. “Just wanted to know if we’ve made any further progress … Let me know …”
Two days later, the Dunk we all know and love appears in a file simply titled “dunk.pdf,” courtesy of the same graphic-design coordinator. He’s now a blue, rectangular recycling bin, who throws trash through a hole in the top of his head, rather than eating it via his mouth. Does the trash give him energy? What happened to his dumpster friend? Why is he called Dunk when he’s clearly lobbing the trash?
The final page included in the NSA’s response is the final Dunk, now with fancy purple shorts. The picture is not dated, but it’s presumably the type of office posting that is placed right over the trash bins. Years before Dunk was telling kids to dig through the trash, he was telling NSA workers to be mindful of their waste habits.
“Think before you throw!” the NSA warns. I mean, that’d be crazy, right? Imagine if your stuff ended up in the wrong place, and someone you didn’t intend got ahold of it and used it improperly. That’d be so embarrassing!
Welcome to August 2017, when Jake Paul — a Viner turned YouTuber turned ex-Disney star you’ve likely never heard of unless you know a teen — has just released this summer’s cringiest diss track. Err, wait. He says it “isn’t a diss track, it’s a message to all the news and hate.” The news and hate, of course, began when Paul’s neighbors complained to local news outlets and authorities that the 20-year-old, and his army of fan visitors, were making their neighborhood a nightmare. After that, the Disney Channel decided to part ways with Paul in the middle of the season of his show, Bizaardvark. Right around then, GQ published a truly perfectly timed interview in which Paul proclaimed that “racism is terrible,” and that Disney Channel, which would later let him go, knew he was the one with “the power.” And so … the diss track. Let’s break it down.
“It ain’t easy, just a kid from a small town. To every news publication tryna take me down, I’m human too. They want me to lose. Want me in a noose. But they ain’t tell the truth.”
Ignoring the fact that this video alternates between Paul roaming a grocery store and driving a sports car, and also trying to fit too many syllables into each line to work within any conventional rhyme scheme, this track is off to a bad start. It is, perhaps, unwise, if you’re a white guy from Ohio, to joke about nooses.
“Where was y’all at when I was on email tryna stop depressed fans from killing themselves.”
Men in the tech industry are not hurting. Specifically, men at Google are not hurting. By the company’s most recent numbers, men make up 69 percent of the company, and occupy 80 percent of tech positions and 75 percent of leadership roles. (Google’s annual diversity report operates on gender-binary metrics and does not offer data on anybody who might identify as anything other than male or female.) They make millions of dollars, they’re placed in key decision-making roles, and they have clear paths to success.
The memo, written by an unnamed Google employee, circulated among the company for some time prior to being exposed by Motherboard, and later published in full by Gizmodo. There’s a lot wrong with it. It attributes a lot of what subjugates women to men to biology; it refers to the gender pay gap as a “myth”; it claims that programs designed to help women advocate for themselves leave “swaths of men without support.” I could go on: All in all, this thing is ten pages long. You could spend hours, if not days, debunking it point by point — explaining how the gender pay gap is still absolutely real, if narrowing a bit for select groups. Talking about how four in ten mothers have taken “significant” time away from work because they have to care for children and family members.
Men in tech, however, are hurting women. They’re hurting women by posing as sexual-assault victims as a twisted method of getting even with a competitor. By calling the industry’s known harassment issue “perceived reality.” By only apologizing for piggish behavior when they know they’re about the be publicly busted for it. Specifically, men at Google are hurting women by writing, publishing, circulating, and endorsing a multipage document full of reductive and pseudoscientific reasons why women — and essentially anybody who isn’t a white man — are biologically different from men, and how taking extra steps to ensure a gender-diverse workplace actually isn’t helpful for anybody at the company. “Discrimination to reach equal representation is unfair, divisive, and bad for business.”
Okay, actually, I will go on. The document argues that status is the primary metric by which men are judged, so this leads them to take “higher paying, less satisfying jobs” so that they can puff their chests a little bigger and stand a little taller, even at the expense of living an enjoyable life. (A footnote clarifies — if you could call it clarification — that this “has biological origins and is culturally universal” and only applies to “heterosexual romantic relationships.” Who knew queer people had it so easy!) On the flip side, women are supposedly more interested in “a balanced and fulfilling life.” Google is currently being investigated by the U.S. Department of Labor for “extreme” wage disparities between male and female employees. The notion here — that women elect to work lower-paying and less-powerful jobs because they’re cool with earning less money if it means a better work/life balance — is manifestly insane. To say four in ten mothers “choose” to take time away from the office in the name of family is true only under a very narrow definition of “choice.” The conception that women and men are afforded the same kinds of choices in life is the kind of idea that could only be produced by someone who’s never spoken with women about their jobs, or their lives, or encountered real-world structural and social inequalities that enforce narrow career and job choices for people depending on their backgrounds.
Employees at Google know which of their colleagues wrote the anti-diversity memo, but his name has not been attached to any of the bad press it has received since it was leaked. If the author had been a woman, I’d be willing to bet you $0.79 — there’s that pesky wage gap myth, again — we’d already know everything about her. What does her résumé look like? What does her face look like? What does her significant other’s face look like? Because, historically, that’s what happens when women in Silicon Valley speak out. Susan Fowler at Uber, Ellen Pao at Kleiner Perkins, Julie Ann Horvath at GitHub, and Adria Richards at SendGrid were all publicly raked over the coals for speaking out against discrimination, the real kind, in the industry.
The memo author, for his part, is still publicly anonymous, but he isn’t alone. Several Google employees told Motherboard that a concerning number of their co-workers were in agreement with him. “Honestly, more people have been agreeing with it than I would like,” one employee said. “From what I’ve seen, it’s been a mix of women saying, ‘This is terrible and it’s been distracting me from my work and it shouldn’t be allowed’; men and women saying, ‘This is horrible but we need to let him have a voice’; and men saying, ‘This is so brave, I agree.’” To go through the emotional, and physical, labor of explaining the misguided memo would only be to validate it, and opens the door further for somebody else to raise the same “arguments” later. Women have more important work to do.
Ask just about any woman you know and she’d tell you all of this. And then she’d sigh. Because she shouldn’t have to. “Open discussion” of the memo’s ideas seems like a reasonable enough idea in the abstract until you understand what it would mean: An endless, Sisyphean task of re-explaining, over and over, to every new engineer who doesn’t get it, why diversity and equality is important to Google. This is not the first time these ideas have been put forward, and it won’t be the last. Women in tech are already busy enough with their, you know, jobs, so stop adding to their to-do lists by making them explain, ad nauseam, why they deserve to have — and be paid fairly for — those jobs in the first place.
Maybe don’t leverage kids who were struggling with suicidal ideation as a reason that the press shouldn’t call you on your shit.
“Where was y’all at when Make-A-Wish hit me, to meet my girl Caylee. Man that shit changed me.”
See above, but instead of suicidal fans, sub in a child with a life-threatening medical condition.
“This is for all of the liars, spreading these rumors like a virus. They don’t really know nothing ‘bout us. They don’t know nothing about us.”
Sung while Paul gestures to KTLA 5’s radio tower — the station that ran the first damning story about Paul ticking off his neighbors — Paul sounds a little bit like another very famous white dude who likes to call the media “liars” when they say unflattering, if true, things about him. Also, the attempted rhyme of liars with virus. Also, Paul referring to himself as an “us.”
“Where was y’all at when Selena [Gomez] left Disney. Didn’t talk shit to her, but now you talk shit to me.”
Hmmmm. It’s almost like Selena Gomez left Disney after completing a successful run on a show that ran for five years and didn’t piss off her neighbors by lighting a giant fire in her empty swimming pool.
“You know that I’m cocky. You know I’m tryna not be. Like I said, I’m sorry.”
Okay, Jake.
The feature looks like the love child of Facebook Messenger and Android’s Messages platform — it features a lot of the same keyboard add-on options you’ve seen before — and it can be activated by clicking the share button below any YouTube video. From there, you can select recipients from your contacts (provided they have the YouTube app installed as well) and include a message to be attached to the shared video. Once a video is shared, recipients will be able to watch it without navigating away from the chat window — a neat addition to the messaging experience that seems designed to promote conversation while watching.
With the adoption of direct messaging, YouTube joins the ranks of other popular social-media apps — like Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter — that have pushed chat options on their users after growing successful, and it seems unlikely that the video platform will be able to catch up. There just isn’t enough of an incentive for users to switch platforms solely to discuss YouTube videos.
And although this feature is somewhat novel, it remains to be seen whether users will find it worth their time, given the wide variety of other messaging services currently available.
If you’re a YouTube power user who spends countless hours sending links and chatting about them with your friends via some other platform, this will be useful to you. But, if you’re like the majority of the world and use YouTube more casually, you’d probably be better off sticking to one of your other ten messaging apps before starting a new conversation on YouTube messages.
Just in case you were somehow feeling underwhelmed by the absolutely ridiculous amount of messaging-app options out there, YouTube has got your back. The popular video platform has added a new feature that will allow you to share videos with your friends and privately chat about them — all without leaving the YouTube app.
Earlier this week, a so-called driverless van was spotted roaming the streets of Arlington, Virginia. The silver van, which had Virginia license plates and tinted windows, according to ARL Now, was believed to be a part of autonomous-vehicle testing currently being conducted by Virginia Tech. Reader, it was not an autonomous vehicle being tested by Virginia Tech. Instead, as discovered by NBC’s Adam Tuss, it appears the secret to the van’s apparent driverlessness was actually a driver, dressed in a car-seat disguise and sitting behind the wheel.
We don’t know a whole lot about our car-seat-wearing hero. Weirdly, Tuss knocking on his van window and hollering, “I’m with the news, dude,” didn’t warrant a response and the van sped off, running a red light in the process. (Authorities have reportedly yet to locate the van.) Was it a test related to actual driverless cars? Was is just some truly inspired kid with a driver’s license and some time to kill on summer vacation? The world may never know.
Over the weekend, Motherboard broke the news of an “internally viral” anti-diversity memo circulating over at Google. Written by a male engineer, the ten-page document is titled “Google’s Ideological Echo Chamber” and spells out, in grossly inaccurate details and “facts,” the ways that “discrimination to reach equal representation is unfair, divisive, and bad for business.” The full text of the document was later published by Gizmodo and is every bit as awful, if not more, than the title might lead you to believe. (Further reporting from Motherboard revealed Wikipedia was used — among other, more reliable sources — in the memo’s citations.) While Google employees knew who wrote the document, the author had, until Monday night, remained mostly anonymous to the general public. Now, Bloomberg is reporting a Google engineer named James Damore is the memo’s author and that he has been fired for “perpetuating gender stereotypes.” (Bloomberg writes that Damore confirmed this via email.)
Earlier on Monday, the company’s CEO, Sundar Pichai, sent a memo to staff characterizing Damore’s memo-writing as “advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace,” Recode reports. The internal memo also noted Damore had violated Google’s Code of Conduct. Select All reached out to Google for comment, but the company declined to answer, saying it “can’t comment on individual employee cases.”
Lisette Pylant turned 26 over the weekend. When her friends caught her texting her cheating ex-boyfriend while they were out celebrating, they decided to take matters into their own hands by finding and introducing her to a random guy in the bar — a normal-seeming dude named Justin. Justin bought Pylant a drink and the pair made plans for a follow-up date on Monday at the Truxton Inn in Washington, D.C. But Justin wasn’t just any guy, and their date wasn’t just any date. What was about to unfold was an internet saga so dramatic and so ridiculous you’d say “that could never happen” if you saw it in a movie.
“There wasn’t a seventh or eight date,” Pylant told Select All. “At least not that we know of. Maybe he’ll feel bad when he wakes up and realizes this is all over the internet.” And it is all over the internet. “This is honestly the craziest thing that’s ever happened to me,” Pylant told Select All over the phone from the bar where some friends and one of the dates were still camped out early Tuesday morning reliving the drama and watching the retweets and favs roll in. “Friends of mine have been tweeting about it at Ava DuVernay,” she said. “If someone stars in a movie about me it better be Rihanna.”
Justin left to take a phone call when Pylant let the second date know what was happening. “I said ‘Are you here on a date with him? Because I’m here on a date with him. We should probably just go get a drink together and leave this dude here.’” The two women decided to grab another round at the bar across the street, ANXO Cidery, when date number three — the person Justin had been talking with on the phone — arrived.
“At this point we’ve formed like a coalition,” she said. “We’re making fun of him and he’s trying to play it off like he didn’t triple-book himself, or really sextuple, book himself.” The three women headed to the second bar. Meanwhile, two of Pylant’s friends, whom she had originally called to rescue her from her bad date, camped out at the first bar to see if Justin had any more women on his dance card for the evening. “They were half kidding,” Pylant said. “But then they texted me ‘dude, he’s here with a fourth girl!’”
“I waited for number four to stand up and I said ‘hi, I’m number five’ and he goes ‘oh no, you have been cut’ and made the hand motion,” Woody, date five, told Select All via Twitter DM. “I felt like I was on the MTV show Next … He said ‘I never lied to any of you’ which was a lie because he told me he was at a friend’s house while he was actually on a date [number four].”
By around 10, Woody and the other dates had gone home. (This all went down on a casual Monday evening, mind you.) Pylant and her friends headed back to the Truxton Inn to catch up with Kyle, who had been bartending this whole time. Which is where they met Jessica, a.k.a. date number six. And also Jessica’s mom and aunt, who happened to pop by, too. Justin, possibly finally sensing defeat, went home.
When Pylant met Justin at the bar — where Pylant’s friend Kyle is a bartender — he told her he had friends meeting him there at 6:15. That was fine; Pylant told Select All that things weren’t going great, exactly. “I wouldn’t say he was much of a feminist,” she said. He was also carrying a sparkly blue cane. “He told us he jumped down a flight of stairs ‘sober’ in, like, Atlantic City,” Pylant said. “He said to me [about the cane] ‘you know $23 at CVS and you can call yourself a pimp.’”
Those “friends” he was meeting, as it turned out, were actually a second date Justin had scheduled. Once she got wise to Justin’s moves, Pylant did two things. First, she decided to make sure the other date knew what was up. And second, she started tweeting a now-viral thread of updates.
And then, at 6:15, Justin’s second date showed up.
Justin headed to the bathroom and the two women looped her in, too. “I think he was panicking a little,” Pylant said.
One of the friends in the first bar headed across the street, where he happened to cross paths with … date number five, Alexandra Woody. (A different friend of Pylant’s informed number four after her date ended and sent her over.) Pylant’s friend convinced Woody to talk to the other dates before meeting Justin. “So now me, two, three, and five are all sitting there,” Pylant said.
After date five, Pylant ran into Justin on the street while she was making a phone call. “Look, I don’t want you think I’m an asshole,” he told her. “You’re the only one I wanted to get to know. You seem really great. I don’t want you to hate me.” Pylant said she wasn’t having any of it and asked him when date number six would be arriving. Justin told her she’d be arriving at 8. “I was kidding,” Pylant said. “I didn’t seriously think he’d have a sixth date.”
As for the group of six, friendship forged in the fire of one of the worst date(s) of all time? “We’re making a ‘Sister Wives’ group chat and taking selfies and planning a brunch. We’re gonna watch John Tucker Must Die,” Pylant said.
Over the weekend, President Donald Trump thanked a fan of his on Twitter with the handle @ProTrump45, an account that appeared — at first glance — to belong to an African-American woman named Nicole Mincey. But this is Twitter, and this is Donald Trump, and this is 2017, and nothing is ever quite as simple as you might hope.
To start with: As many people quickly noted, the avatar for the account was taken from the website of a stock-photo company. And the website linked from the account, protrump45.com, is an online store for Trump-related merchandise concerning our president.
This combination — of mysterious and stolen stock photo and bald cash grab — understandably garnered suspicion. How did a low-rent unofficial-merch store like ProTrump45 gain the attention of the U.S. presidency? (Occam’s razor: Our president is a doofus.)
Interestingly enough, this wasn’t the first time ProTrump45, or Mincey, had garnered media attention. The Daily Caller ran a “story” that consisted of Mincey’s promotional copy in early June, though the post has since been updated with a note that reads, “The advertiser story below might be completely fake, but their deals are 100% real! Get your Trump swag while you can!”
Built on a DIY website service called Wix, ProTrump45 sells familiar (but not official) #MAGA apparel. “This is the perfect store built by a trump supporter for trump supporters,” the site’s poorly worded “About Us” section reads. “Donald J Trump is the 45th president of the United States and he represents conservative and middle america.”
Why would conservative media be so interested in a ramshackle web operation like Mincey’s? Her copy gives a clue: “ProTrump45 and Nicole are beautiful representations of black Republicans and overall minority conservatives,” it reads, in part. “She steps outside of the liberal narrative that every Trump supporter is an old angry white man.”
Someone pretending to be Mincey had also called into at least one radio show to discuss politics and her business.
What happened here? The president had retweeted an account using a fake photo with a clear profit interest in publicity. A narrative quickly and understandably coalesced around the idea that @ProTrump45 was a “bot” and that Mincey was a fictional character.
There’s just one problem: Even cursory web-sleuthing would have revealed that there is, in fact, a real Nicole Mincy (no E) — a black woman in New Jersey — and that, as shared addresses showed, she was involved in the ProTrump45 operation. Her Facebook and LinkedIn accounts are just a few well-crafted search queries away. Her university’s mailing address was included on a press release announcing the online store. A phone number on the press release was linked to both the @ProTrump45 Instagram account and Mincy’s personal Snapchat account. Someone intent on stealing Mincy’s identity would have had to have had access to her phone or SIM card to link her Snapchat and Instagram to that phone number. Mincy likely helped run this business, used a stock-photo avatar, and is now denying it.
So President Trump hadn’t tweeted a bot at all: He’d tweeted the praise of a supporter who worked with or owned a pro-Trump store. It was odd that Mincy was using a stock photo for her avatar instead of a real photo of herself — but there are weirder things on Twitter than people using photos that are not themselves. (Mincy did not respond to phone calls yesterday.)
“The curious case of ‘Nicole Mincey,’ the Trump fan who may actually be a Russian bot,” reads a Washington Post headline. “Trump Retweets Supporter Who Is Young, Black and Fake,” wrote the Wrap. “Trump retweeted a Twitter bot — then it got suspended,” Business Insider said (the account was suspended after it tried to sell the @ProTrump45 handle and its 146,000 followers shortly after the president’s endorsement). “Twitter Has Suspended Some Fake Accounts After President Trump Thanked a Bot for Support,” Uproxx wrote. The Independent Journal Review, which devotes most of its White House coverage to aggressive bootlicking, put a lighter spin on it: “Trump Retweets ‘Supporter’ Who Turns Out to Be Stock Photo of Nice Young Black Lady.”
It gets even more complicated from there. Daily Beast reporter Ben Collins was unable to speak with any of the other members of the group Mincy claims exists, and there is some circumstantial evidence that Mincy’s own evidence of her communications with the group was forged.
Yesterday morning, House of Cards’ showrunner tweeted, separate from the Mincey affair, “Hey @jack @Twitter, would be great if one of the report options was ‘Suspected Bot.’ They’re easy to spot. Let us help you get rid of them.” I’m not quite sure anyone is up to the task.
So, okay, that’s about as much context as we actually have. The question is: Did President Trump retweet a “bot”? No. Did he retweet a “real person”? Well, hmm, not really. Probably the most accurate thing we can say at this point is that President Trump retweeted a fictionalized character being used by the marketing arm of a fly-by-night e-commerce operation to publicize its shoddy Trump merchandise. In other words, he retweeted a “brand.”
The obsession with social-media meddling has made it so that those opposing Trump online see enemies and nefarious plots where none exist. Six months ago, “fake news” was the bête noire of the online resistance — a category that unhelpfully collapsed the distinctions between actual for-profit hoax sites, partisan news organizations, and dumb idiots who didn’t know better either way. “Bots” now serves the same purpose, encompassing within it actual bots (automated programs like those designed to have the top replies to Trump), Twitter accounts run by real humans with ulterior geopolitical motives, obsessive pro-Trump Twitter accounts run by American voters, normal people who use avatars that are not their faces, and … whatever it is that “Nicole Mincey” was.
Update, 8/8/17: Amazon contacted Select All to note that the correct trigger phrase is actually “play baby-making music,” not “songs for making babies,” as Fast Co. had written. There are also five genres in rotation, not just “Sexy Classic Rock,” so rest assured, there is a variety of sexy music.
He noticed her right away when she came in the door: Big dark eyes and a ballerina’s build, her nails glistening blue-green in the lights of the Chipotle. He was a year out of high school, a gangly shy kid about to start a job at Home Depot, but he wasn’t too shy to go over and ask for her number.
Later, when he wasn’t looking, she took a picture of him with her phone — from the back, sloped shoulders, hair poufing out from his floral ball cap.
She wouldn’t give him her number. But she liked him enough to give him her username on the messaging app Kik.
DK4L: That’s De’arra and Ken 4 Life. De’arra Taylor, 21, and Ken Walker, 22, are not singers or comedians or actors. What they are is a couple. They’ve been dating about three years, and they’ve been making YouTube videos together for almost as long. You’ve never heard of them, unless you’re one of their 3.6 million YouTube subscribers, in which case you’re obsessed with them.
By 10 a.m., there’s already a line down the sidewalk, wrapping around the corner of the Roulette theater in Brooklyn: big kids in high school and even college, all the way down to little ones holding Mama or Daddy’s hand. They’re mostly still bundled up in coats and parkas on this early-spring morning, and the wind makes the VIP tickets in their hands tremble. Those tickets cost about $100 apiece. For them, it’s worth it, because they’re about to meet DK4L.
When they announced the tour, there was some scoffing on Twitter among non-fans:
To their fans, they’re as beloved as Beyoncé and Jay-Z, except that you never get to see Beyoncé and Jay-Z try to put on 100 layers of clothes at once, or fill a giant balloon full of soda and Mentos, or just walk around a mall goofing off. That’s DK4L’s shtick: doing random things — but doing them together.
“I can’t believe De’arra and Ken going on a tour for being a couple.”
Now they’re on their first tour, put together by a company called Fullscreen Live, which arranges live performances for social-media stars. Each show consists of a VIP meet and greet, then a 20- or 30-minute stage show that’s like a combination of The Gong Show and a preteen birthday party, with dance contests and a few party games and a lot of audience participation.
“Couples are really on tour … for being a couple. Nowadays it takes so little to be famous.”
“u gotta b outta ur rabbit ass mind to pay for that.”
But fans did pay. Like Jamiah Dunson, 17, who came in from New Jersey this morning, just for this. She’s been standing out here for an hour. Her ticket is in one hand, and in the other she’s holding a Coke bottle, because she knows how much De’arra loves Coke. She’s nervous when the line finally starts to move.
“I’d never met anybody that was really well known before,” she’ll tell me later. “To go in there, I didn’t know what I should say or how they would react, or if they would be the same as they were on TV — I mean, not on TV,” she corrects herself. “On YouTube.”
Right now, though, the doors to the Roulette open, and Dunson finds herself climbing a staircase, where she has to wait some more. A lady comes and gives everyone VIP badges. They wait some more. Then the lady comes back and opens another door.
And there they are: De’arra and Ken. They look just like they do on YouTube, and they start screaming and jumping up and down, and so Dunson starts screaming, too, then they all hug and take selfies and post them to Snapchat as if they’ve been friends for years.
“Would you clean that ceiling,” Taylor asks Walker, “for a million dollars?”
They’re walking through a parking garage in Atlanta, on the way to a meeting with their lawyer, who’s working to set up a new sponsorship deal with a major nonprofit. The ceiling of the garage is indeed pretty disgusting, crusted with a thick curtain of urban stalactites the color of snot.
“How about $2 million?” Taylor says.
“Mmmmmm,” Walker hedges.
“Yes, $2 million, I’d clean that ceiling,” Walker says.
“People were just like, attracted to it,” Taylor says. “When we started posting couple pics, I hadn’t seen a couple on [Instagram]. Ever.Ever, ever, ever … People just weren’t out on the internet when we were, broadcasting their relationship.”
“I guess we made it kind of relatable,” says Walker. “Like, these two young kids, in love with each other, with these cute pictures. People related to it, like, Oh, me and my guy could have that. We were just taking the most regular pictures.”
They get to the escalator. Walker takes hold of either side and does a push-up of sorts, lifting his feet off the ground and trying to hold it as long as the escalator ride lasts. Taylor just laughs and stretches out the wad of slime she is carrying around with her. A fan made it and sent it to her — it’s a fad, DIY-ing this Silly Putty–esque substance of glue and Borax — and they play with it constantly, passing it back and forth, letting it make fart sounds or rolling it into strings.
When they hit 600,000 Instagram followers, someone told them to get a YouTube account.
That was in 2014. Now, they work three days a week making YouTube videos. They do everything themselves: They’ve learned about lighting and angles and editing all on the fly. They never work ahead of schedule: Each video gets produced in one long haul, sometimes late into the night, until they’re satisfied with it and can post it and go to sleep.
In numbers, they’re still not anywhere within the orbit of the gamer PewDiePie (57 million subscribers), or British beauty-tip queen Zoella (12 million subscribers), or even that 5-year-old who unboxes toys. But it’s enough — enough that kids all over the country know their names, their favorite and least favorite foods, the names of their cats (Penelope and Pierre).
This is how they are: constantly entertaining themselves and each other, asking what-if questions, doing little stunts. It’s a lower-key version of their personas on video.
“For YouTube stars, it’s a very personal relationship they have with their fans,” he says. “It’s a one-on-one conversation with millions of people. Finding balance between having a personal life and vlogging about it on YouTube can be incredibly taxing for a lot of people.”
And while they won’t tell me what their finances are like, a little rough math says they’re making at least a couple grand per video. That’s at least a six-figure salary just from YouTube advertising, before other sources of income like brand endorsements and tour money. This kind of profitability is no longer so unusual — there are “hundreds if not thousands” of people at this level of YouTube success, says Joshua Cohen, who runs tubefilter.com, the Variety of the online entertainment world. All this profit hinges on something traditional media can’t give to its audience, Cohen says: intimacy.
Her best friend was the one who first showed her the DK4L channel, and her other best friend was the one who got the tickets to the Brooklyn show. If those friends come over to Dunson’s place, they might watch the videos together. But usually, Dunson watches them alone in her room on her phone, in the evening when she has some time to herself. She watches videos of a few other couples — like Domo and Crissy, who are also on tour. But DK4L’s are her favorites.
When Jamiah Dunson watches De’arra and Ken 4 Life videos, she often watches them alone.
For Walker and Taylor, their relationship and their livelihood are inextricable.
“The way I look at it,” Walker says, “I don’t even look at us like ‘Hey, we’re a brand,’ even though we are. We’re in a relationship. We love each other. It is what it is. It just so happens to be a brand.”
Dunson has a YouTube channel herself, and for a while, she shared one with “the person I was a couple with,” she says. “DK4L inspired me, so I asked him one day, did he want to start a YouTube channel?” A few hours after they posted their first video, it had 150 views, which seemed pretty good.
But then it didn’t really take off. “I know you have to be patient as a YouTuber,” she says, “but the views were growing very slow. People lost interest. It could have been the pace we were posting at, or the material … I felt like I didn’t really know how to edit videos.”
There were problems with the relationship, too, she says. “When we finally broke up, I thought, Might as well just delete the channel. It wasn’t going anywhere.”
Someday, she’d like to be part of a couple’s channel again. Until then, though, she has this: The anticipatory darkness of the Roulette theater, echoing with the voices of keyed-up teenagers all waiting for the show to start. Then the stage lights up with a video reel — De’arra and Ken dancing, De’arra and Ken pranking each other. And then they’re there, bounding onto the stage with all the energy of an old-time vaudeville act.
The crowd screams, Dunson included, their phones outstretched, recording, screens glowing like a constellation of tiny new stars.
“A lot of couples that have come up on the internet have gone wrong,” Taylor says. “Being together just because of the sake of the YouTube channel. They fall off. They break up.”
She and Walker are sitting in the living room of their luxury condo, just outside downtown Atlanta. The walls are all glass, with an epic view of the suburbs stretching away into the distance. The place is full of state-of-the-art camera equipment; there’s also a custom-built jumbo upholstered bed and a separate closet for Taylor’s vast collection of shoes.
Taylor’s nails, covered in tiny gems, throw out little sparkles of light. A few days ago, she turned 21. They rented out an event space and threw a huge soirée, with all her friends and family, and they posted the location and time on Instagram so fans could come party with them.
“It’s because of the audience and their interaction with the audience that they have these opportunities,” Cohen says. “So a lot of people feel an obligation to be as open as possible with their fans. On the other side, they also need to set barriers and figure out some way to have a private life. And I think everyone figures it out on their own.”
Walker says, “If you have issues going on inside your relationship, you’re going to have issues going on with your brand to the point where it falls apart in the brand and your relationship will go right with it.”
“If you don’t do that it’s going to be a lot of pressure, in your relationship,” Taylor says. “You’re out in the public eye, it would probably be hard to break up. Because it’s like everybody’s looking at you, if you break up, it’s gonna cause pandemonium.”
“We met when I was 18,” she says. “And then we started getting so many followers, and on top of followers we started getting so much money. We’re not married, we’re young, so it was like — that can usually mess up somebody.”
There was never a time when their relationship was wholly private, no time when they belonged only to themselves. When they were first hanging out — not quite dating yet, “just talking” — Walker had an iPhone, and Taylor immediately wore out the battery taking videos and pictures. He wasn’t big into social media back then: “I was kind of laid-back, real reserved.” But Taylor had always loved taking pictures and video, and she had a healthy following on Instagram.
The good news is that soon you might not have to change your pA55w0RD every couple of months. The bad news is that it’ll probably take a few years for these new standards to spread widely.
“We buy houses, whether it’s on a street with picket fences or in a condo, and part of the experience is to get to know your neighbors and build relationships with the people that live close to you,” he told the CBC, which calculated that 5 percent of the city’s Plateau-Mont-Royal neighborhood is listed on the short-term rental service.
The situation illustrates just how large an effect Airbnb has on gentrification, in which available housing stock is taken up by owners or companies that can afford to rent for shorter terms at higher prices. Meanwhile, people trying to find a place to live long term face a dearth of options.
Meet Janet. A green-skinned superhero who “cuts people in half with giant scissors.” She’s the creation of a 10-year-old named Luca who drew Janet at art camp earlier this summer. Janet rules.
“She could be anybody, but she’s not like anybody,” Luca told Cosmo. “She’s really strong, in her mind and her body, and she does her own thing. She doesn’t have time for jerks. And she doesn’t give warnings. Janet is my perfect hero.” In conclusion: Janet rules.
The feature will replace the current communications system — an awkward hodgepodge of “anonymous” calling and texting — with a streamlined messaging platform built into the app. Riders will essentially still be able to get in touch with their drivers as they normally would — by tapping the contact button in their Uber feed — but instead of being given the option to communicate using their phone’s cell-phone plan, they will now be directed to “Chat.”
In an interview with TechCrunch, Uber product manager Jeremy Lermitte explained that one of the driving factors behind this switch to in-app messaging was complaints from customers and drivers without cell-phone plans. “Lots of stories with folks travelling internationally,” Lermitte began, “where, let’s say you land in Paris, and you’re in the airport, you don’t have a voice plan or a cellular plan setup, you can now just connect to Wi-Fi and communicate with your driver for the pickup.”
As nice as this may seem, one obvious concern when it comes to texting your driver is that …well, you’re texting your driver. Uber’s press release on the new feature states that this issue will be remedied by the drivers’ phones being set to auto-read all messages aloud to them, and by giving them the option to send a thumbs-up emoji in response, instead of typing out a reply, but the change still seems a little risky.
This switch will get rid of the need for Uber to hold on to your cell-phone number, and for the app to navigate the complexities of anonymizing any personal contact info when sending it using SMS or making calls to your driver. (Although, your driver can now quite literally leave you on read, so, good luck with that.)
The days of calling some slightly sketchy-looking number in a last-ditch attempt to figure out exactly where your Uber is will soon be but a distant memory. Starting today, Uber is rolling out a new in-app chat feature to connect riders and drivers in real time.
Does this Instagram filter make me looked depressed? Science says … maybe. A new study released this week from co-authors Andrew Reece and Christopher Danforth in the journal EPJ Data Science found that the content you post on Instagram, and how you choose to edit it, could be a possible indicator of your mental health.
Looking at over 40,000 posts from 166 people, the researches identified who in the sample group had been diagnosed with depression and who had not. From there, they used machine learning to analyze the ways posts varied between the two groups of people. They found that depressed people tend to filter their photos less often than people who are not. “Inkwell” — a filter that turns photos black-and-white — was the most popular filter used by depressed people, whose photos were more likely than their nondepressed peers to contain a face. By comparison, the “Valencia,” was popular among more mentally healthy users.
Think for a second. Have you ever plugged your phone in to a car speaker and had a track — probably the first track you’ve got on your device with a title that starts with the letter A — immediately start to play? For me, it’s the Act 1 overture from Gilbert and Sullivan’s fairy opera Iolanthe. (I am very fun at parties.) It’s a pain, albeit a funny one, every time it plays. And, if you’re like me, you don’t remember it until the next time you plug your phone in and it happens again. Rinse and repeat.
The crux of the whole thing — the opening argument — rests on the fact that, according to “metadata,” the data was transferred at about 22 megabytes per second, which Lawrence and Forensicator claim is much too fast to have been undertaken over an internet connection. (Most connection speeds are measured at megabits per second, not megabytes; 22 megabytes per second is 176 megabits per second.) Most households don’t get internet speeds that high, but enterprise operations, like the DNC — or, uh, the FSB — would have access to a higher but certainly not unattainable speed like that.
According to the complaint, which was first reported by Axios, the dispute comes down to three new board seats that Uber added last year. Benchmark says that it would not have approved the additional seats, which Kalanick controls, had they known about Uber’s multitude of issues. That includes widespread sexual harassment, programs explicitly designed to skirt around government regulation, and the ongoing court case between Uber and Google concerning the alleged theft of trade secrets related to self-driving cars.
This week, questions submitted to Pichai on an internal forum surfaced externally, and alt-right websites and social-media accounts began publicly naming Google employees, putting them on the receiving end of online harassment. Milo Yiannopoulos posted screenshots of the Twitter bios of eight self-professed Google employees, even more screenshots were floating around 4chan’s /pol/ board. The dozen or so people identified are but a fraction of Google’s 60,000-plus workforce.
Enter @wanderingggirl and @calibeachgirl310, a.k.a. Alexa Rae, Mediakix’s second fake account. To create Rae’s account, Mediakix hired a model and shot photos on a beach in California. From there, Asano said they spent $750 buying followers and photo engagement — likes and comments — for the account. The firm only spent $300 on @wanderingggirl, and all the photos posted from that account were “free stock photos,” which anybody could get online. “We were initially cautious to just make sure that we weren’t going to get flagged by Instagram for buying followers too quickly … we were buying about a thousand followers per day,” he said. (Instagram never flagged the account.) Once the accounts reached a follower threshold, Asano said they added them to a platform that connects influencers with brands looking to do sponsored content. Both accounts were offered deals within a few weeks, totaling over $500 in both product and monetary compensation.
“Conceivably, we could have just continued to grow these accounts into the hundreds of thousands. We stopped because we couldn’t accept the offers, we didn’t want to take on any liability,” Asano said, noting the influencer market on Instagram was valued around a billion dollars this year. “We could easily have continued this and just gotten paid more and more.”
The funding round, subject to existing shareholder approval, was do or die for SoundCloud. Documents obtained by Axios noted that Ljung suggested that if the deal fell through, “the company would not be able ‘to continue as a going concern.’”
He wonders, “How did Google, the company that hires the smartest people in the world, become so ideologically driven and intolerant of scientific debate and reasoned argument?”
Rosalind C. Barnett and Caryl Rivers, who have “studied gender and STEM for 25 years,” in Recode:
David P. Schmitt, whose research Damore cited, in Psychology Today:
While James is raging against the dearth of scientific argument on alt-right YouTube and the WSJ op-ed section, here are a few scientists that he hasn’t yet found the time to respond to.
Looking forward to Damore’s rational and thoughtful responses.
Dan Davies, equity analyst (okay, so not a scientist, but a thoughtful statistical response), writing on Crooked Timber:
Heather Heyer of Virginia was killed on Saturday after James Alex Fields Jr. drove his car into a group of counterprotesters gathered at a white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville. Heyer was 32. “She died doing what was right,” Heyer’s mother said in a statement. “My heart is broken, but I am forever proud of her.” Following the release of Heyer’s name, neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer published a list of “five fat facts” — yes, that’s fat and not fast — “you need to know” list about her, calling Heyer a “fat, childless, 32-year-old slut.” (It also called her death a “road-rage incident.”)
Or, as the Mercury News more memorably puts it:
“IT TOOK A UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD TO BREACH THE SYSTEMS AND THE FIREWALL,” reads the post left by “Anonymous,” announcing the hack. @YourAnonNews notes that it seems off that such a powerful team of hackers would leave all of Daily Stormer’s content up. Either way, the site has until late Monday evening to find a new domain provider or it will disappear.
While it’s possible the site was hacked by Anonymous given the loosely structured and, well, anonymous nature of the group, it’s difficult to know for sure. On Twitter, Anonymous news account @YourAnonNews claims the so-called hack was not perpetrated by Anonymous. Rather, the account implies it was a last-ditch attempt from Daily Stormer to create the appearance of a conspiracy and rally readers.
One of the oldest rules on the internet holds that the longer people discuss something, the more likely a comparison to Hitler will eventually be made. (Think every online debate you’ve had that’s devolved into people calling each other Nazis.) This rule is called Godwin’s law, after its creator, Mike Godwin, who formulated it in 1990, which should tell you something about how little things have changed on the internet.
On his Facebook, Godwin writes that he decided to weigh in after he received a DM from someone asking him to publicly condemn the use of his law to silence voices from discussion following the events in Charlottesville.
The DM, from Godwin’s Facebook:
“Like so many people, I’m so appalled at what happened in Charlottesville that I haven’t known what to say, or whether to say anything at all,” Godwin told Gizmodo. “But she [the person who sent the Facebook DM] asked for something that was easy for me to give.” Once more for the people in the back.
But what do you do when calling people Nazis is, well, warranted? Following the white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where three were killed and several more injured, Godwin himself has weighed in to let everybody know that calling those attending the rally — many carrying swastika flags — Nazis isn’t hyperbole. It’s the truth. And he’s onboard with it.
To begin. I need you to watch this Twitter video. In it, a guy cracks open a bottle of water and pours it into his open mouth. And then the seemingly impossible happens — a pile of slushy ice begins to form atop his tongue.
“Witchcraft,” you might find yourself yelling at the screen. “It’s fake,” you might say, if you’re a hater. Neither would be correct. The secret behind the trick — from what I’ve gathered from watching some highly informative YouTube videos — is supercooled water, or water that doesn’t solidify, even when cooled past its freezing point. You can make your own using plastic water bottles and your freezer. Fill one water bottle with tap water and the other with distilled water and pop them in. Once the tap-water bottle freezes solid — again, YouTube says between two to three hours — the distilled bottle should still be liquid. From there, you can take that supercooled bottle of water and pour it — gently, too much pressure or sudden movement and it’ll freeze in the bottles, which is also cool, but not the point — over a cold surface, like an ice cube or a chilled piece of glass.
Over the weekend, the alt-right descended upon Charlottesville, Virginia, in full force: The bearded militiamen, the shield-toting National Vanguard, and of course, the oddly coiffed representatives of the irony wing of the far-right movement. People like Tim Gionet, known under the nom de troll Baked Alaska, and Millennial Matt.
Millennial Matt, who frequently tweets “ironic” jokes about the Holocaust, and Gionet, who is similarly fond of “jokes” like Photoshopping people’s faces into cartoons of concentration-camp ovens, were among the most prominent faces at this weekend’s Unite the Right event. Matt was featured prominently in photographs of Friday night’s terrifying torchlit march; Gionet was so excited that he created hyperstylized meme renditions of the infamous “14 words” of white nationalists (“We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children”).
By Sunday, after the gathering was shut down by police and a fellow white nationalist careened through a crowd of counterprotesters, killing one person and injuring many more, both Gionet and Matt had adjusted their tone considerably. Gionet, who was maced by unknown assailants, tweeted, “We must come together as a country and try to understand each other peacefully. We can’t continue to scream nazi or sjw back & forth.” Matt, whose account was suspended, posted a video of himself talking to the camera, his voice shaking: “I’m usually a jokester; I do a lot of comedy, but there’s nothing funny about threatening people’s lives, threatening people’s families.”
The early decades of the internet made it easy to separate one’s online personality from one’s offline personality by way of pseudonymity and limited functionality. It used to be that on the internet, nobody knew you were a dog, in part because there just wasn’t a whole lot to do on the internet. But as the network’s function has ballooned to encompass a dominant part of modern society, more attention is being paid to how what happens online affects what happens offline. People aren’t simply chatting behind screen names, they’re organizing and fighting and blurring the line between aspects of life that used to be kept separate. There’s a reason why the Klan wears hoods.
Over the last few years, the world of the internet and the world outside of it have been slowly merging, especially as media institutions like Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook have become the primary method of communication and organization for most people. It’s hard not to see this in many ways as a disaster, watching the rise of organized white nationalists and the election of a president whose sole talent is demanding attention. But this weekend was also a reminder that the ongoing interconnection of the internet and “meatspace” (as the physical world is known in online vernacular; I’m sorry) doesn’t mean that the offline world has to play by the same rules as the online. It also means that the rules of the real world will increasingly influence the space of the internet.
But the shield of online anonymity is still being wielded widely, perhaps no more aggressively than on right-wing gathering spaces online, like 4chan’s /pol/ board and the murkiest corners of Twitter. 4chan is where the concept of the “ironic” Nazi and white nationalist was born — the racist, homophobic, anti-Semitic users who say the awful things they say not necessarily because they believe them, but because it makes other people angry or scared. That’s textbook trolling: saying stuff that is first and foremost intended to get a rise out of other people. This is the discursive tradition that produced Gionet and Millennial Matt.
The Ironic Nazi exists in part because the internet minimizes friction. Friction includes anything that might stop someone from using a particular service; things like having to create a user account, tying that account to an email address, filling out a CAPTCHA, filters that prevent obscene messages from being sent or published, or even long load times. By reducing the mental overhead required for publishing, it becomes easier to act without thinking. Online platforms benefit significantly from this approach, meant to lower inhibitions. Making it easier for people to share and post means making it easier for people to share and post heinous things. It’s why 4chan, which does not require an account, and Twitter, which limits the verbosity of what people say, are thought of as potent breeding grounds for the Ironic Nazi.
The rise of frictionless, anonymous spaces has been an important test for the strength of free speech, because they remove the friction that the real world insists upon — anything from the difficulty of finding a wide audience for your racist pamphlet to the social consequences of spouting hate speech. White nationalists hiding behind the label of “troll” — like Weev, Baked Alaska, Millennial Matt, and their thousands of anonymous comrades — can spout shit online with no work or investment, and when called on it, dance away with more jokes or claims that it’s all just talk. It’s why horrible stances are framed as “satire” or “social experiments” when the blowback happens. After all, you can’t definitively prove the intentions of an anonymous online comment, and there are a lot of bored teenagers (and adults) operating with impunity.
What happens when that modus operandi translates into the physical world, as it did in Charlottesville, when torch-bearing, flag-waving Nazis and white supremacists turned the city into a violent arena? It’s far easier to write “Hitler did nothing wrong” online and send it to nobody in particular than it is to approach someone on the street and say it to their face. The meatspace is all friction. And I don’t mean conflict here; I mean that there are constant barriers of entry. The Ironic Nazi is framed as a product of how easy platforms make it to be an asshole online. The ones who came to Charlottesville were the exact opposite: focused, methodical, and intentional in their efforts. For Gionet, it meant coordinating travel, lodging, and times to meet up with other demonstrators. It meant going out of his way to stand with literal white supremacists, and investing time, money, and possible bodily harm to do so.
Consider the words of college student Peter Cvjetanovic, a picture of whom, mid-shout while holding a tiki torch, circulated widely on social media this weekend. “I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I’m not the angry racist they see in that photo,” he told news station KTVN, despite having traveled to Charlottesville specifically to protect the legacy of Confederate general Robert E. Lee. In the real world, it’s not “just talk” anymore.
When you break it down, the only thing people can do on the internet — contained entirely to the internet — is talk. It is all discourse, and hypotheticals, and bluster, and trolling. But it can do real harm, because as soon as that conversation spills into tangible space, the hypothetical vanishes. Even without overt violence, swarming a public space is an act intended to show force and to intimidate. Men carrying guns, wearing swastikas, and performing a Nazi salute isn’t physical violence, but it isn’t peace, either. The physical world is not a Boolean. The rules of online discourse do not translate to the meatspace, despite what trolls (an ill-fitting title for this type of public spectacle) might think. When you stand with white supremacists on the street, you are literally standing with white supremacists. There is nothing ironic about that.
Following yesterday’s ultimatum from domain-name registrar GoDaddy, white-supremacist blog the Daily Stormer transferred its domain name to Google. Almost all websites use a centralized registrar to handle how their domains and URLs function. Within roughly an hour, Google had canceled the Daily Stormer’s registration “for violating our terms of service.”
Among the data demanded by the warrant for more than 1.3 million web surfers are the dates and times of their site visits, as well as technical information such as web browser and operating system. This is, DreamHost says, “in addition to contact information, email content, and photos of thousands of people.”
DreamHost plans to fight the order. A hearing on it is scheduled for this Friday. In the meantime, maybe subscribe to a VPN.
This caused actor and conservative commentator James Woods to worry that rabid libs, fiending for more statue blood, would begin tearing down other memorials. He used the Marine Corps War Memorial, which depicts soldiers at Iwo Jima, as an example. Because liberals hate all American armies, not just the racist ones, I guess?
Anyway, long story short, people are clowning on Woods by applying the text of his tweet to other non-Confederate sculptures.
There are many more here.
It probably shouldn’t have gotten this far, but the weekend’s violence in Charlottesville has provided tech platforms with unambivalent opportunities to finally reject the toxic, white-supremacist politics that, until now, have had free rein of those services. The conventional wisdom used to justify this was that these platforms didn’t want to get into regulating what users say on the services, because moderation and enforcement might deter further usage (and, perhaps more importantly, cost the companies money). Regulating speech is apparently bad for business, even though these companies have profited off liberal rhetoric for years.
But it seems that “actual white-supremacist violence” is the straw that broke the camel’s back. Yesterday, both GoDaddy and Google rejected the Daily Stormer from using their domain-name services, citing terms of service violations committed in the white-nationalist site’s write-up of the death of Heather Heyer. Google, which the Daily Stormer switched to hours after GoDaddy gave them the boot, responded surprisingly fast, especially given the company’s other ongoing controversy surrounding free speech.
Meanwhile, Facebook is also taking rare steps to stop the spread of the Daily Stormer’s Heather Heyer blog, removing shares from user’s profiles. It’s probably worth noting that Facebook played a significant role in the ghastly screed’s spread by featuring it in the algorithm-powered news section, where it was shared more the 65,000 times. According to the Verge, moderators are now removing Facebook posts linking to the article that don’t explicitly condemn the Daily Stormer’s writing. For months, CEO Mark Zuckerberg has hemmed and hawed about how limiting speech on the platform is detrimental to an open dialogue, but now the company seems more open to acknowledging that not everyone deserves to leverage the platform.
The inarguable, well, Nazi-ness of the whole situation has finally allowed moderation-wary platforms to find out what it’s like to prohibit certain types of objectionable (yet not illegal) content on their platforms, and to find out what, if any, effect it has on the overall ecosystem.
At the same time, Apple will have a much harder time reconciling an effort to create premium, HBO-like content with a brand that is, historically, strictly controlled. It’s difficult to imagine Apple’s cutesy, most-ages vibe matched up with a Game of Thrones-like show. Its two original initiatives thus far — the muddled Planet of the Apps and the transposed Carpool Karaoke — have been duds.
Apple is also in a unique position as the only one of these companies that makes hardware. Can you imagine the company funding a television production in which people use Android phones and Windows PCs? Apple’s neutral branding may work for selling neutral hardware and software, but it doesn’t work for cultural output with even a modicum of complexity.
Since Saturday, the Trump administration has dug itself further and further into a hole of its own devising — yesterday, Trump condemned the alt-right and the “alt-left” and pondered aloud whether George Washington should also “lose his status” since he, like Robert E. Lee, owned slaves — by placing equal blame on all parties involved in a white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, which killed three.
After that, Nuzzi says Cohen stopped responding. He’s probably too busy hanging out with his black friends to text.
On Wednesday, Trump’s attorney, Michael Cohen, took to Twitter to assure everyone that even though he supports the president — and, by extension, supports the president’s lack of outright condemnation of the alt-right — he’s not a racist. Cohen notes he is the son of a Holocaust survivor and will not tolerate “#racism.” And, just to drive that point home, he included a half-dozen photos of himself with black people.
Heather Heyer, 32, died on Saturday after a man drove his car into a group of counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. Following Heyer’s death, neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer published a list of “five fat facts” — the typo is theirs and intentional — calling her a “fat, childless, 32-year-old slut” who was a “burden on society” with “no value.” GoDaddy, Daily Stormer’s domain provider, gave the site 24 hours to find somebody else to do business with, saying Daily Stormer had violated its terms of service. (During that time, a post appeared at the top of Daily Stormer claiming the site had been taken over by Anonymous. A twitter account devoted to Anonymous news claimed the group was not behind the hack — it was odd that all of the site’s content remained intact — but rather it was a stunt pulled by Daily Stormer.)
While the intelligence community continues to look into Fancy Bear, the hacking group widely believed to have broken the Democratic National Committee’s cybersecurity last year, authorities are reportedly getting help from Ukraine. The New York Times reports that a hacker credited with developing one of the tools used during the DNC infiltration has been speaking with police (just writing malicious code is not criminal, so he hasn’t been charged) and been made available to the FBI.
What’s interesting is that the Ukrainian election cyberattack revealed damning connections between the Russian government. Here’s how it played out:
The DNC hack shared code with the 2014 Ukrainian hack, in which circumstantial evidence points to Russia government collaboration. As has often been the case throughout this process, the evidence falls short of conclusive, though the similarities in tools and tactics during both hacks are tough to ignore.
You can’t be anonymous on Facebook. Well, you’re really not supposed to be, anyway. If the platform finds out you’re using a fake name or a borrowed identity, it will shut down your account. Anonymous identities, as Facebook well knows, are often an invitation for harassment because of the perceived lack of consequences. Which is why it’s not surprising to hear the company shut down an internal discussion group, Facebook Anon, following employee harassment surrounding the 2016 election.
From Facebook via BI:
Yesterday, the last domino in a long chain fell when Cloudflare terminated its service with the Daily Stormer, a white-supremacist website. Cloudflare, which provides a number of services that work behind the scenes to make websites more stable and faster, had spent months debating the ultimate problem customer. In an internal email yesterday, obtained by Gizmodo, CEO Matthew Prince was blunt in assessing how the company had finally reached its decision: Prince had exercised his ultimate authority on the matter.
“Literally, I woke up in a bad mood and decided someone shouldn’t be allowed on the Internet,” he said, which is true in that the end effect is the disappearance of the Daily Stormer (for now), but as is usually the case, a bit more complicated on a technical level.
The termination of Cloudflare service doesn’t prevent Andrew Anglin, the primary figure behind the Daily Stormer, from accessing the internet. Hell, it doesn’t even prevent Anglin from hosting a website. Cloudflare’s services are infrastructural add-ons that kept the site stable and occluded who was actually hosting it.
One of Cloudflare’s most popular services is DDoS protection, which prevents sites experiencing huge influxes of traffic from getting overwhelmed and knocked offline. One would assume that the Daily Stormer, an obvious target for cyberattack, made heavy use of this.
To reiterate, Cloudflare declined supplementary hosting services to a hate site, it didn’t kick anyone “off the internet” directly. On alt-right Twitter clone Gab, Anglin wrote that the termination of Cloudflare service “adds another layer of super complexity, but we got this.” That’s because, as crazy as it may seem, the internet allows anyone to host a website, provided they have the right hardware and technical know-how. Services provided by the likes of GoDaddy, and Google, and Cloudflare make it easy to host a website, but they don’t make it possible.
There are caveats to this. In his blog post on the topic, Prince pointed out that the scale of DDoS attacks now is “such that if you don’t have a network like Cloudflare in front of your content, and you upset anyone, you will be knocked offline.” I think my larger point stands, though. Everyone should have the equal and unrestricted ability to make content requests across the vast network of the internet — that’s net neutrality. But requesting is different from hosting, and nobody has an inherent right to hosting space and site stability.
In his post, Prince wrote that “the people behind the Daily Stormer are assholes and I’d had enough.” Had enough of what? Enough criticism from people about how Cloudflare was aiding white supremacy online? The tipping point, Prince told Gizmodo, was when Daily Stormer’s former users began bragging about Cloudflare as “one of them.”
If these platforms truly believe that hosting space is a right, then they should enshrine that right in law. Until then, they should continue to expect blowback, criticism, and pressure for making the choice to continue doing business with hate groups.
A second important Cloudflare service is its role as a CDN, or content-delivery network, a distributed network of servers spread geographically that propagate a site’s content across the globe. That way, if you connect to a site based halfway around the world, a user might be served the request from a server only a few miles away from their endpoint much more quickly. As the Verge noted, “[B]y distributing [the site] through a broader network, the company made it impossible to discover the original host, which made it difficult for activists to take direct action against the site.”
If your hand-eye coordination is lacking, and fumbling your iPhone is a fact of life, get a case that protects it. And even if your iPhone 7 is water-resistant, Apple doesn’t cover damage from liquids — so you’ll want something that can take a dip without shorting out. We tried out waterproof cases from Incipio, Ounne, and Pelican, and the Pelican Marine case was the clear winner. Its slim profile and easy assembly made it quick to slip on. The case is IP68-certified, giving it waterproof protection up to 6.5 feet underwater for up to 30 minutes. And its military-grade MIL-STD-810G drop protection means that short of running it over with a tank, your iPhone should remain safe.
Your phone may be able to make it through the working day without a recharge, but if you plan to head out for the evening afterward, you’ll need more juice. Portable chargers are great if you have one (and remember to keep it charged), but a battery case is an even better answer. We tried cases from Anker, Incipio, and Apple itself, and our favorite was the Anker Ultra Slim battery case. It packs an extra 2,850 mAh of power — 150 percent more than your iPhone 6 or 6s is packing. Unlike Apple’s own case, it doesn’t have that odd bulge in the back, meaning it can still slip easily into pockets. And it’s low-key enough that you can leave it on full time and charge up both the case and your phone with an included micro-USB cable.
We get it. Phone cases suck. They’re bulky, look awful, and they hide that rose-gold-colored iPhone you secretly love. But some protection is better than none. We searched for the slimmest-profile cases out there — our considered brands included Incipio, Peel, Pitaka, and Ringke — and found something truly magical: Pitaka’s Aramid case. Only 0.65-mm thick, the $48 Aramid case provides a surprising amount of protection (including a screen protector), while still giving you that glorious naked-iPhone feeling. You won’t be able to throw your iPhone against a brick wall and have it come out unscathed, but most drops and falls won’t be a problem. While testing out the case, an iPhone 6s took a tumble onto some hard concrete floors, and the front glass developed a single hairline crack — but we’ve seen far worse from smaller drops on uncased phones.
If you’re gonna slap some plastic and foam on your phone, it sure as hell should look good. But finding a nice-looking case that doesn’t fall into the territory of “basic AF” is surprisingly difficult: Most look like they were taken straight from the mood board of a 2015-era Instagram influencer. We tried out cases from a number of brands — including Incipio, Society6, Ringke, GMYLE, and Uniqfind — and Society6 was the standout winner. Its lineup features an ever-changing array of bold designs from independent artists around the world. With hundreds of options available, you’re gonna find something that will speak to you. (We particularly liked “Growing Love” and “Fun at Parties.”) A nice bonus: Every purchase puts money back into the hands of the original artist.
Whether by choice, or by force of public opinion, many tech companies have been forced to step up and say “Nazis are bad” in the wake of the Unite the Right rally, and subsequent protests, which killed three. Google, Twitter, YouTube, GoDaddy, and Cloudflare have all since refused to do business with neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, following a malicious post about one of the weekends victims, Heather Heyer. GoFundMe shut down campaigns to raise money for the man who killed Heyer by driving into a crowd of counterprotesters with his car. Today, it was Spotify’s turn to decry white supremacy. The platform says it has removed music from a number of hateful bands and is reviewing tracks from several others.
The announcement comes after a writer over at Digital Music News published a blog post earlier this week detailing 37 “white supremacist hate bands” he’d found on Spotify. A number of the groups, DMN notes, were on a similar list the Southern Poverty Law Center compiled regarding iTunes music back in 2014. “Most of these groups are fringe, with relatively small followings and listen counts,” DMN writes of the 37 bands. “But in the wake of violent clashes in Charlottesville and an increasingly vocal, post-Trump white supremacy voice, the presence of white supremacy music on Spotify takes on a different light.” Several days after the post was published, Spotify said is was pulling music and investigating the issue.
A new addition to iOS’s beta software contains a quick way to disable Touch ID on a user’s phone, deactivating the fingerprint scanner that makes it easier for law enforcement to access phone data. It adds a new setting called “Emergency SOS,” in which clicking the sleep/wake button on the side of the iPhone five times will cause the phone to automatically contact emergency services.
The secondary effect is that it forces a user to enter their passphrase in order to re-enable Touch ID. It unintentionally (or maybe intentionally) functions as a shortcut for disabling the sensor. In current versions of iOS, Touch ID can be disabled in the settings or via a restart, both of which are relatively cumbersome compared to clicking a button five times. On Twitter, some users referred to the discovery as a “cop button,” a discreet way of disabling Touch ID in a pinch.
Another day, another tech company wading into the murky waters of free speech in the name of disavowing literal Nazis.
Today, in an act that didn’t feel at all like posturing for attention as a number of other tech companies and websites condemn Nazis, dating site OkCupid banned alt-right organizer and white supremacist Chris Cantwell.
Cantwell didn’t just pop up out of nowhere on Saturday. He’s been spewing racist, bigoted vitriol for years — “I’m not even a Hitlerite but I’m like ok, let’s fucking gas the kikes and have a race war” — which means, ostensibly, that for at least part, if not all of that time, he was also dating on OkCupid. He just hadn’t been reported, yet. But this week, somebody, perhaps after seeing him armed with both hate speech and guns in the Vice segment, reported Cantwell’s profile on the dating site. So this was the week OkCupid decided to permanently ban him. And then tweet to make sure everybody knew what they had done.
Still, it’s a good Android phone …
But it’s not essential
USA Today comes down hard, writing: “Naming the ‘Essential’ smartphone just that comes off as something of a dare, an insinuation that this new Android handset somehow is more essential than the phones that we already carry. It isn’t.” The BBC is similarly dubious: “Is the Essential Phone an essential purchase? Well, no. There’s nothing here that would tempt you to switch from what you currently use — especially if it means jumping from iOS to Android.” Says VentureBeat: “It still falls short when compared to its mass-market competitors.” Wired’s David Pierce is kinder, writing that it’s almost as good as the Pixel or Samsung S8, but “it has just enough imperfections to give me pause.”
Overall, while reviewers appreciate the design and the vision behind Rubin’s Essential Phone — the idea of breaking down walled gardens has real appeal for many — the phone as offered feels like a compromise in quality for the sake of an ideal. You may not love being stuck in the Apple or Samsung ecosystem, but they also currently make better phones than the Essential Phone. Time will tell if Rubin and Essential can offer up enough extras to change that.
Maybe it could use a 3.5-mm headphone mod?
“Bannon being there was a promise. Yeah, stuff wasn’t happening or happening slowly but his presence said “eventually it will happen”. Trump needs to actually accomplish things now with him gone. I want to actually see the wall and see tax reform and trade reform.”
“No Bannon means Trump is solely advised by kikes and his neocon generals now.”
There’s a similar conversation happening over on Reddit, too. Though it’s slightly — thank you, moderators — more tame.
Meanwhile, Twitter reaction has been everybody making the same joke about Trump taking down a pro-Confederacy statue at the White House. The statue, of course, being Bannon.
Yet, the funny thing is, it somehow didn’t.
BioShock not only lived up to these sky-high expectations, it surpassed them. Critics and players alike were blown away by the first-person shooter. Everything about it seemed to not only be better than the games that had come before, but jaw-droppingly different.
It’s been ten years since the release, and BioShock is still just as beloved as the day it came out. The impact the game has had on the genre as a whole cannot be overstated; its influence is even apparent in recent games like The Last of Us and Prey. I spoke with some of the people who created it about the things that made it great — from its story, to its musical cues, to that one unforgettable twist.
At its most basic level, the game is about your quest to get out of the crumbling Art Deco–inspired city, while the voice of a mysterious Irishman named Atlas guides you; but, in practice, the journey that you embark on during these roughly 15 hours of gameplay is much more complicated than that.
It seems like such a simple choice: It’s a character in a video game — why wouldn’t you harvest her and reap the rewards? Cute as she may be, the Little Sister doesn’t exist; your choice doesn’t have any actual consequence in the real world. Yet, there’s something undeniably visceral that takes over when you’re sitting there, controller in hand, staring up at the face of a whimpering, scared little girl. By requiring you to make the decision — harvest or rescue — the game has made you think about her as something more than just another NPC. She all of a sudden becomes unmistakably real. And — if you’re like me — you can’t bring yourself to click harvest without triggering an existential crisis of epic proportions.
By removing the algorithmic component of audio design, Ridgway and her team were forced to think carefully about where and when the player would likely be experiencing certain key moments of the game, and sync the audio with these intended emotional events. One of the ways she decided to do this — to convey this deep emotional meaning without having any knowledge of exactly what the player would be doing or looking at — was by using licensed, preexisting music in addition to the standard instrumental scores of video games past.
Here it is discussing Antifa fidget spinners.
Several of the tweets IJR ties to Boston Antifa and the protests in Boston this weekend contain photos from events not in Boston. One features images from a 2015 protest in Denver, the other of a sign burning in Berkeley.
@AntifaBoston links to its YouTube account, which, in addition to being painfully unfunny, is also a clear giveaway. Here’s a statement it put out yesterday regarding the death of famous comedian Jerry Lewis.
Jeff Sessions and Wilbur Ross opted to go the glasses route.
Option 1: “Bon Appétit” by Katy Perry
Option 7: “Faith” by George Michael
Option 8: “Manic Monday” by the Bangles
It’s anybody’s guess.
Even though he doesn’t sell Pepe shirts anymore, John still surmises that “Pepe is probably a bigger seller than ever, because he’s become a symbol of Trump supporters.” While there’s certainly a plethora of items catering to the anti-Trump set, he notes in an email that “the ‘left’ (broadly speaking) just [doesn’t] have the memes” — and therefore the shirts — “that the anti-left does.”
“People are looking for connection,” says Hosking. “We’re sort of atomized in a way, where we’re trying to find our tribe.” With memes becoming an evermore-trenchant part of our permanently plugged-in culture — after all, legacy fashion brands are using them as a marketing tool to reach new audiences — it’s likely that they’ll continue to provide fodder for political causes and run-of-the-mill jokesters alike. And since everyone who wades through the internet’s dense meme culture will always need a shirt to wear, there’s always going to be a market in place — not to mention a near-endless supply of designs.
The answer? Fans. Lots of them. Of the most used hashtags over the past ten years, five of them — #MTVHottest, #MTVStars, #KCA, #iHeartAwards, #FanArmy — involved fans tweeting about awards shows. Combined, those hashtags were used over 3 billion times. (Congratulations to MTV.) When awards season rolls around, hashtags are often a way for viewers to cast their votes for fan-chosen awards, such as #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber.
But where Messina’s idea was a useful suggestion for organizing content on Twitter, the modern hashtag is a very different beast. Over the last ten years, it feels like hashtags have gone from a genuinely useful way to tag content to something used solely by brands and #influencers (need a way to flag sponsored content, after all) — and, every once in a while, as the setup or organizing principle for a Twitter-wide joke. But the numbers don’t lie. People still appear to be fervently using hashtags. The question is … which people?
On Tuesday evening, Trump gave a scripted, then unscripted, then scripted, then unscripted again speech at a rally in Phoenix. (Surprise! It’s campaign season again!) High points of the hour-long speech included Trump blaming the media for treating him badly after the violence in Charlottesville — for which Trump blamed “both sides,” a line which he omitted in his retelling of events at the rally — and the president saying protesters of the event had been deterred by the heat. In reality, thousands of people showed up to protest. Trump mourned CNN’s firing of Jeffrey Lord, but failed to note the network had canned him over a “Sieg Heil” tweet. He also said he doesn’t do Twitter storms.
The Note 8 also comes with dual rear lenses. One is a 12 MP f/2.4 “telephoto” lens, meant for allowing for optical zoom, so you can take a picture of the lead singer at a concert; the other is a wide-angle f/1.7 12 MP lens, meant so you can capture the whole band. Working together, these dual lenses form the same software-enabled “portrait mode” (dubbed “Live Focus”) that produces that fuzzy bokeh effect associated with pro photography.
But to a parallel cohort of internet observers, the revelation that Whedon would seek to blame his own bad behavior on the patriarchy wasn’t surprising at all. The revelations from his ex-wife’s letter seemed only to confirm that Whedon fit a classic internet stereotype: the Insistent Male Feminist, whose performative wokeness generally masks bad interpersonal behavior, if not outright misogyny.
Respect Women is less a single meme than it is a meme style. There is no set format or iconography, only an ideology — that of respecting women — as the primary goal. To some extent, it’s a riff on the eternal target of the lonely, fedora-tipping, “m’lady”-greeting nerd archetype; looked at from another angle, it’s an outgrowth of the “Wholesome Meme” genre — memes with sickly sweet punch lines about supporting your friends — laced with an acid dose of satire. The memes don’t make fun of the concept of respect for women as much as they make fun of the performance some online put into respecting women.
… are functionally different from tweets like Whedon’s.
This aggressive wokeness, combined with the sub-Hallmark-cards women-are-queens platitudes of accounts like iRespectFemales, has slowly metastasized into Respect Women, the meme. Respect Women memes, if Google Trends is to be believed, had a peak moment about three months ago, when they began taking off on social media, and culminating in early June with a video about the very concept by none other than PewDiePie.
Trying to figure out where the earnestness ends and the referent irony begins is nearly impossible to suss out, especially when it’s so easy to be a Respecter of Women and a ridiculer of aggro women respecters at the same time.
The underlying point, though, is always the same. In form and function, posts about respecting women and memes making fun of those posts have merged to become merely identical. It’s difficult to see how memes like these …
Online spaces, large and small, are generally hostile, sexist, and simmering with latent or obvious toxicity for people who aren’t straight white guys. Rebecca Solnit’s term, “mansplaining” — when a dude explains something unprompted and unnecessarily — is particularly popular on platforms like Twitter, where men often jump in to repeat women’s words back to them.
Respecting women, as an eye-rolling expression of wokeness and as a satire of the same, dates back to Twitter’s golden age. In 2011, a Twitter user under the handle @iRespectFemales, who tweeted earnest and grating platitudes about how women were to be treated like queens, became a minor Twitter celebrity — and, of course, an object of ridicule for the burgeoning crowd of message-board refugees who came to be known as Weird Twitter — thanks to tweets like, “You’re my rose :) and I’m your sun and water in which you need to breathe and stay beautiful
One reaction to the increased attention paid to gender dynamics of online spaces has been the rise of an aggressive strain of performative male feminism, in which guys attempt to one-up each other in terms of wokesmanship. It’s not necessarily disingenuous — but, of course, in its attempt to combat male domination of online spaces, just recapitulates the same problems. One can see it in Whedon’s feed, though the poster child for flexing wokeness is actor Matt McGorry, who spent much of 2015 being a feminist on Twitter and Instagram, and penning essays like “How Becoming a Feminist Felt Like Falling in Love.” His championship-level run was immortalized in a year-end BuzzFeed post headlined “Can We Talk About How Woke Matt McGorry Was in 2015?”
At some point, this whole thing folds in on itself amid an internet culture where being genuine is a vulnerability and disrespecting women is enabled by large online platforms. It’s not wrong, but if you spend too much time patting yourself on the back (or setting bait for others to do so), readers’ bullshit sensors go off.
Shortly after the discovery began circulating, levi_valvi posted, “Okay it’s been taken down now. Taylor Nation is on their way to my house,” followed by a fish emoji. That thread kickoff post has since been scrubbed and replaced with official announcement assets.
Levi_valvi’s sleuthwork was quickly disseminated across Twitter:
Since he was unceremoniously fired, ex-Google engineer James Damore — who penned a now-infamous memo using “science” to explain the differences between men and women — has been on something of a warpath. Immediately following his termination, Damore told the press he’d be seeking legal action. Which he has. First, there was a formal complaint filed against Google with the National Labor Relations Board. “It’s illegal to retaliate against an NLRB charge,” Damore wrote in an email to Reuters. Now, Damore is being represented by Harmeet Dhillon, a civil-rights attorney who is also vice-chairman of the California Republican Party. (You might remember her saying a Sikh prayer during the 2016 RNC. Earlier this year, she was reportedly considered for a White House position under Attorney General Jeff Sessions.)
Dhillon’s firm, with Damore, is “investigating Google’s employment discrimination against employees on the basis of their political views and other protected characteristics.” They’re looking for people with similar experiences to Damore’s, for “fact-gathering” and also, if enough people come forward, to build some sort of class-action suit against Google. A post on Dhillon’s website today seeks people who were “written up for ‘un-Googly conduct,’ defamed/slandered/smeared/blacklisted at Google for your political views, or views about affirmative action at Google,” and “punished for blowing the whistle on illegal employment practices.” Damore was fired, as per an email sent to Google staff by CEO Sundar Pichai, for “advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace” and “perpetuating gender stereotypes,” behavior that violated the company’s code of conduct.
Samsung Unwrapped, its big unveiling of the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (now with a 6.3-inch screen and no fires!) happened today, August 23, at the Park Avenue Armory. These large tech events tend to draw especially enthusiastic crowds; companies sometimes fill out seats with fanboy claqueurs to ensure applause on demand. So you got big reactions to things like food-mode photography, screen share, and an app with an adult coloring book.
To give credit where credit is due, the Samsung event looked good: Three massive LED screens were used for the floor and two walls, presenters were smoothly confident, and there was a clear flow to the presentation as Samsung slowly ticked off each box about why the Note 8 is the best Samsung phone yet.
As the presentation was coming to a close, Samsung senior vice-president Justin Denison came out to talk about what would come with the Note 8. It comes with 64 GB of internal storage, which you can bulk out to 256 with a microSD card. It’s built for wireless charging. And it’s IP68 dust- and water-resistant.
But Denison saved the best for last. “Thanks to our partnership with Harman, the Note 8 will come with a pair of premium AKG headphones, tuned by them, for a superior listening experience,” he said. “But wait, there’s more. Guess what you can do with those earphones? That’s right: You can plug them into the standard earphone jack.” And the crowd went wild. People whistled. There may have been some whoos, perhaps even some hooting and hollering. In other words, one of the biggest applause lines of Samsung’s hour-long presentation wasn’t because of any innovative new feature — it was its decision to not innovate.
It’s not that smartphones can’t succeed without a headphone jack. Apple’s headphone-jack-free iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are currently the best-selling phones in the world. It’s just that every phone that isn’t an iPhone that doesn’t include a headphone jack crashes and burns. The Moto Z died a quiet, unmourned death. The HTC U Ultra barely made a ripple before disappearing. And smartphone godfather Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone shipped sans headphone jack, to general grousing from reviewers.
Apple is able to remove its headphone jack because if you want to use iOS, you have exactly one choice about what company makes that phone. If Apple decides that the iPhone 8 will deliver small electrical shocks to customers hands on a random basis, they’ll still probably move northward of a million units. (“The shocks remind me to reengage with the world. They’re a blessing.”) But in the world of Android, where manufacturers actively battle for the global market, ditching the headphone jack is an easy way for customers to pass you over. And keeping that headphone jack is an easy way to earn some goodwill from your customer base.
By now, if you’re planning on resigning from the Trump administration, you’d better have a pretty flashy way of doing so if you want to get any attention. Last week, every member of Trump’s arts council resigned after he equivocated white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. This morning, Daniel Kammen also resigned as the State Department’s U.S. envoy, citing similar concerns.
Not surprisingly, these letters went viral. Twitter has always had affection for the acrostic as a form, dating back to a deranged tweet from a user named @SpreadButter that created a malformed acrostic for the word “BENGHZI” and launched a long-running meme in which “BENGHAZI” was acrosticized into completely unrelated news stories. (We’ve been here before.)
Getting your point across in, let’s say, subtle ways in an official letter does have some precedent. In 2009, then-California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger spelled out “FUCK YOU” in a veto message to legislators. As The Atlantic notes, “bureaucrats and elected officials have entire staffs devoted to writing and submitting pro forma letters.” The acrostic is an easy way to break up the rote dryness of an official communication without transforming it entirely.
Hidden messages are also in many ways the perfect mode of communication for a paranoid and conspiratorial era — one in which real fears of government surveillance mix with desperate amateur attempts to discover a network of corruption at the heart of the current administration. The acrostic is at once a way for a prisoner to communicate with the outside world, and the kind of deep textual coherence sought by the conspiracy theorists of resistance Twitter.
And, of course, they’re funny, in exactly the kind of silly, obvious way that Twitter and social networks appreciate.
Zealous anti-Trumpers looking for viral content are more than happy to signal-boost an even minorly clever dig at the president. “IMPEACH” and “RESIST” are not exactly sophisticated messages about the true nature of the Trump administration’s power — but they get the point across in 140 characters, and are catnip for people looking to do whatever small kind of social-media-based activism they can.
Is it going to work, though? We’ll have to wait and see.
Following a series of cryptic teasers featuring a snake, yesterday Taylor Swift announced that her newest album, Reputation, will drop on November 10. (Actually, it was following a series of teasers and a stan on ATRL.net who found the album name and art through a glitch on Swift’s website, likely forcing Team Swift to release the details ahead of their initial plan.) The first single, an as-yet-named track that is allegedly 8:47 long, will be released later today.
It’s likely that the popularity of the snake emoji was impacted by Swift’s use of a snake in her own promotional materials. (Following last year’s drama with Kim and Kanye, as well as with Calvin Harris, people started emoji-bombing Swift’s Instagram with snakes, prompting Instagram to delete them.) But don’t be fooled. That’s exactly what Taylor wants you to think.
On Twitter, there’s plenty of hype for Swift’s new album. It just looks a little different than it did several years back when Swift announced the release of 1989. Back then, Swift was living in a pre–Kim Kardashian West receipts economy. It was all Raised Hands emoji and Heart Eyes emoji for her. It would still be years before she’d act faux-horrified at having been named in Kanye West’s “Famous,” only to have West’s wife, Kim, share video evidence on Snapchat that Taylor had known about the lyric and discussed it with West in advance. Instead of the sweet and neutral emoji people used to talk about 1989, reactions to this album are wide-eyed and, well, snakish. (Emoji data courtesy of Siobhan Murphy, who works for Twitter.)
There are probably few forces as capable of driving the meme space as stock photography, a source of endless, just-generic-enough, just-specific-enough photos the viewers can imprint their own values onto. The latest in this series of stock-photography memes is a photo by Spanish photographer Antonio Guillem titled “Disloyal Man Walking With His Girlfriend and Looking Amazed at Another Seductive Girl,” which features a scuzzy dude looking back at a woman as his girlfriend looks at him shocked and betrayed. And it’s a metaphor for … everything?
Some memers quickly discovered Guillem’s other stock photos, featuring the same models, leading to a complicated expanded universe of this guy being very rude. (We’ve reached out to Guillem for his reaction and will update if we hear back.) You don’t need to be fluent in Spanish to understand this tweet.
It quickly went meta, so if you understand these memes, maybe go see a doctor?
Just when you thought Eclipse Twitter — of which the only good part was that picture of Trump appearing to stare directly into the sun without protective glasses — was through, Donald Trump gave it a second life. Earlier on Thursday, the president retweeted an eclipse meme starring … himself. It was tweeted at the president by a pro-Trump YouTuber named Jerry Travone and reads “THE BEST ECLIPSE EVER!” over a four-panel image of Trump sliding in to eclipse a black-and-white photo of Barack Obama. (Which, for the record, was ripped from a 2016 New York interview with President Obama.)
If there’s anybody in the science world who hasn’t resigned from the Trump administration with an acrostic, they should probably tell their boss the meme doesn’t technically make him look good. In it, Barack Obama is the sun, while Trump is the moon. Which means, if we’re to analyze this meme as though the two men were their corresponding celestial bodies, Obama is the consistent thing that provides light and life to the planet. Trump, by contrast, orbited in just long enough to block out the sun — totally, in some places — and cast shadows upon the Earth. Read into that what you will.
Although Apple hasn’t yet begun requesting its customers fork over their first-born child and a bag of gold in exchange for the latest iPhone, it seems to be getting pretty close. The New York Times confirmed today that the iPhone 8 will apparently cost you just under $1,000.
The $999 price tag shouldn’t come as much of a shock for those who’ve been following the latest news from the shady world of iPhone 8 leaks. (Or for basically anyone who’s ever heard of Apple.) The newest phone in Apple’s lineup, the iPhone 7 Plus, currently retails at about $769, and with the addition of new features like facial recognition and wireless charging pretty much confirmed, it only makes sense that the iPhone 8 would have a significantly steeper price tag.
And although the very idea of paying $1,000 for a smartphone is undeniably horrific, it’s actually pretty surprising that the iPhone 8 will only be $999. Leaks from both Foxconn insiders and Apple’s own firmware have suggested that the phone will feature a bigger screen, a significantly higher resolution display, and no home button — all of which do not come cheap. Many had been guessing that the iPhone 8 would end up somewhere in the $1,000-plus range, customers be damned.
So, as you try to decide this September whether to pay rent, or shell out for the latest iPhone, try to look on the bright side: Things could (probably) have been a lot worse.
The website for the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences recently wiped itself, almost entirely, of the phrase “climate change.” Now, if you search the site’s Global Environmental Health pages , you’ll instead find “climate” where “climate change” used to be. The editing was documented in a report from the Environmental Data & Governance Initiative earlier this August. EDGI has been tracking the NIH site since April 2017 for changes regarding climate change.
Amazon Prime will now do more than get you free two-day shipping and help you make bad purchasing decisions late at night. (What’s up, one-gallon jug of Dr. Bronner’s soap?) Thanks to the FTC’s approval of the Amazon–Whole Foods merger, it’ll also soon get you discounts at Whole Foods.
Amazon is rolling out immediate discounts as it moves into the brick-and-mortar grocery-store game. “To get started, we’re going to lower prices beginning Monday on a selection of best-selling grocery staples, including Whole Trade organic bananas, responsibly-farmed salmon, organic large brown eggs, animal-welfare-rated 85 percent lean ground beef, and more,” said Jeff Wilke, Amazon Worldwide Consumer CEO, in a statement to the press. “And this is just the beginning — we will make Amazon Prime the customer rewards program at Whole Foods Market and continuously lower prices as we invent together.”
It’s not surprising that Amazon is lowering prices on staples for everyone, though it is surprising how quickly it’s doing so, instituting changes next week. Amazon is comfortable operating on very, very thin margins — it’s more notable when Amazon turns a profit, rather than when it doesn’t — while Whole Foods operated with a very generous margin of 5 percent or more.
But it’s the promise of discounts to Prime members that should worry other grocery-store chains. (And, indeed, most other major grocery retailers, from Kroger to Walmart, saw their stock prices dip sharply today.) Whole Foods already had a customer rewards program in place before it was acquired by Amazon, but that program functioned like most other customer rewards programs at the majority of other grocery stores. You give up some personal info, get a key-chain fob, and received discounts on selected products.
Prime is different, verging more into Price Club or Costco territory — you pay $99 a year (or $10.99 a month) for the right to be a Prime member. By offering discounts at Whole Foods, popular with the type of affluent, urban shopper that Amazon covets, the company is baiting yet another lure — in addition to free two-day shipping on Amazon and a growing library of streaming video content — to get shoppers hooked on Prime. And membership fees have the somewhat counterintuitive effect of inducing customer loyalty — you need to make that Prime fee pay off, and the only way to do that is to buy things from Amazon or, soon, Whole Foods. For anyone nervous about the growing monopoly of Amazon over retail commerce, it’s troubling. For Amazon Prime members, it means a visit to Whole Foods may be in the near future.
The site also deleted links to a document entitled “Climate Change and Human Health,” which lists all the environmental dangers — flood, drought, wildfire, air quality — and the ways in which they can negatively impact your body. Poor air quality can cause “acute and chronic cardiovascular and respiratory illnesses” and “premature death.” Flooding can result in “drowning, injuries, mental health consequences, gastrointestinal and other illness.” Not pleasant stuff. The document itself is still hosted on the NIH site, though given the recent swath of edits, it seems plausible an edited version will soon replace it. Plus, without direct links to bring readers to it, the document is basically useless.
The NIEHS site isn’t the first to delete references to climate change under the Trump administration. Earlier this year, the EPA’s website saw similar edits. References to climate change on Whitehouse.gov were removed essentially the moment Trump finished his oath of office in January. A point that someone running the official Twitter of the National Park Service decided to note, by retweeting somebody who had noticed the edits to the site. This — plus a tweet with a picture of the small crowds at the inauguration — prompted Trump to issue a gag order against the NPS. Which seems like a very proportional response to a Twitter account pointing out … the truth.
With the recent split in the Bitcoin market, the race is on to find the next hottest cryptocurrency. Should you put your money in Ethereum? Dash coin? (Is Dogecoin still around?) Or what about that weird proto-currency your friend’s cousin’s brother told you about?
Truth be told, investing in partially made-up virtual currencies is tough work. It requires a lot of faith and some intrepid Googling, but even then, there’s no guarantee you’ll end up with anything other than regret in six months. There are a lot of options out there, and not all of them even have the word “coin” in them!
Whoppercoin is the new cryptocurrency of Burger King Russia, according to local news reports. It’s built on a simple principle that is universally understandable: Buy one Whopper, get one Whoppercoin. Finally, a way to satiate both your appetite and your need for rather useless virtual money!
Customers can obtain Whoppercoin by visiting a Burger King located in Russia; for every Whopper ordered, they’ll receive one Whoppercoin in their very own special cryptocurrency wallet. And although there’s no telling exactly what the exchange rate will be for the Whoppercoin, Coin Idol reports that customers of Burger King Russia will be soon able to use Whoppercoin to purchase their very own Whoppers.
It turns out that there’s a simpler way — one that doesn’t require anything but a love for aggressively mediocre burgers and a one-way ticket to Russia: Whoppercoin.
What a world we live in, folks.
“Look What You Made Me Do,” the first single off of Taylor Swift’s forthcoming Reputation album, dropped last night. It declares the “old Taylor” officially “dead.” At several points, it sounds like Taylor Swift doing an impression of Lorde. (Jack Antonoff is credited on the track.) The hook is a reworked version of “I’m Too Sexy.” (Right Said Fred is also credited on the track.) It’s a lot … and that’s before you add in the print magazines — complete with “original poetry” — Swift is hawking at Target and the snippets from the forthcoming music video; she sits atop a throne subtly engraved with “et tu, Brute” to really up the ante. So naturally, there are tweets. Many, many tweets.
Look what you made me tweet.
With the HomePod hitting store shelves this holiday season, Apple is still clearly up for a fight for what OS runs people’s homes. According to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, Apple will also roll out a new version of its Apple TV streaming device, which will now be capable of playing 4K video and content in HDR (or high dynamic range, which allows for brighter, more vivid colors).
Apple TV has faced strong headwinds both externally and internally. Externally, it currently lags behind Roku, Amazon’s Fire TV, and Google’s Chromecast in the marketplace, actively losing market share from 2016 to 2017. Internally, Apple’s demands for high margins on its products meant that the Apple TV had to be sold at a high price, while failing to keep pace with its competition — 4K and HDR streaming have been available in most other streaming devices for more than a year, and Apple hasn’t updated the Apple TV since October of 2015. And more ambitious projects, like actively anticipating what show or movie a viewer would want to watch next, were reportedly killed before they could be developed further.
Apple is very capable of selling products at a higher price than the competition, but it relies on the tight integration of software and hardware and superb user interfaces to do so. Apple TV and its tvOS have, to date, failed to provide that. Apple TV has a nice visual sheen, but the main features I want out of a streaming box — quick search, aggregating everything I could potentially watch, and helping me discover new things to view — is capably handled by the competition, most notably Roku. You can pick up a 4K- and HDR-capable Roku for $80 right now. A 1080p-capable Apple TV — now nearly two years old — is almost twice that, at $149.
In some ways, it would make more sense for Apple to simply abandon the space, the same way it left behind Wi-Fi routers, where it similarly struggled to keep pace with the competition in features and price. But Apple can’t leave the TV behind for two reasons.
Still, while a new Apple TV may bring it to parity with the competition, it’ll need to do more than keep pace to shift its fortunes in the market. It’ll need to do something revolutionary.
One, it increasingly relies on its services division for revenue growth — which means selling music, movies, and television shows. Apple has also dedicated $1 billion to developing original content, though that’s far less than what Amazon and Netflix spend, and Apple’s initial forays into original content, Planet of the Apps and Carpool Karaoke, are less than compelling. Still, Apple TV is an important part of selling content, even if device sales will never be a significant portion of Apple’s revenue.
More long term, the living-room TV (along with smart speakers) may end up being the hub of the smart home, and Apple has spent resources and long years developing its HomeKit smart-home ecosystem. The smart-home market remains murky — it’s hampered by competing standards, slow adoption, and the difficulty of retrofitting older housing stock for smart-home products. But it’s also a market that will for the foreseeable future serve affluent and tech-friendly (if not tech-savvy) consumers — in other words, Apple’s ideal customer.
Turns out, your terrible choices on Facebook can result in more than just your friends blocking you. On Monday evening, a correctional court in Meaux, France, found a 32-year-old man guilty of advocating terrorism after he liked a piece of ISIS propaganda on Facebook.
According to a report by Le Parisien, the post in question included a disturbing photo of an ISIS fighter decapitating a woman by hand. After the man liked it, the gruesome image started appearing in his friends’ Facebook feeds, which prompted one of them to inform the police of his actions.
The officers quickly decided that the like constituted more than enough evidence to search the man’s home under suspicions of terrorism. Once inside, the police found nothing strictly ISIS-related, but they did recover a variety of airsoft guns and a decent number of pot plants. For these, the man merely received a fine, but the Facebook like still warranted further investigation.
At his trial, the man said that he was merely trying to provoke his relatives by liking the most obscene things he could find. He argued that the propaganda photo was part of a series of disturbing images he had liked that included violence against animals and humans. Somehow, this explanation didn’t win over the members of the court, and he was given a three-month suspended prison sentence.
C’est la vie, I guess.
The kids are not all right. In a recent Atlantic piece — an excerpt from her forthcoming book — social psychologist Jean M. Twenge explains, in dystopian terms, what’s wrong with the generation currently in high school and college: Smartphones not only define the latest American birth cohort, according to the headline, they have also “destroyed a generation.” Twenge blames our pocket glass for wrecking sleep, socialization, courtship, sex, and young people’s mental health — pretty much everything good about being a teen. While millennials are caricatured in the press as the Shiva Generation — laying waste to everything from mediocre casual-dining restaurants to bars of soap — the post-millennials are themselves pre-wrecked, brittle and shallow like the screens to which they are mere adjuncts.
In a full market, Twenge is poised to become the leading American commentator on contemporary generational differences. Since the late ’90s, she has authored and co-authored many dozens of scholarly papers comparing the attitudes and beliefs of young people from different birth cohorts. Her research hit the mainstream with the 2006 book Generation Me, which gave social-scientific support to millennial-bashing. (The book’s original cover featured the title faux tattooed on a young white woman’s abdomen, between her pierced belly button and low-rise jeans.) In 2010, she followed up with the co-authored The Narcissism Epidemic.Now, millennials are passé. Her new book is about Americans born in or after 1995, or as the author insists on calling them, “iGen.” The book’s full title is iGen: Why Today’s Super-Connected Kids Are Growing Up Less Rebellious, More Tolerant, Less Happy — and Completely Unprepared for Adulthood — and What That Means for the Rest of Us.
I read The Atlantic excerpt before iGen, and I expected the book to be more nuanced than the magazine piece, which, as a promotional tool, benefits from having an uncomplicated yet controversial central idea, like “iPhones ruined children.” It isn’t. She really does blame iPhones. Screen time, Twenge writes, “is the worm at the core of the apple” of iGen unhappiness, but she doesn’t make a very strong case.
Sometimes, though, the research is just sloppy. “The Internet — and society in general — promotes a relentless positivity these days,” Twenge writes in one section. “Social media posts highlight the happy moments but rarely the sad ones.” Only five pages later, Twenge introduces the reader to a teen named Laura and her Tumblr page, “a depressed person life [sic].” “Her pain is starkly evident in her posts,” Twenge writes, “which include ‘That’s how depression hits. You wake up one morning afraid that you’re going to live.’” Twenge likes the post so much, she uses it as a section title, and it is a good line — which is probably why Laura reblogged it from Elizabeth Wurtzel’s iconic Gen-X memoir Prozac Nation.
The 313-page book is broken into (by my count) 99 bite-size sections, and features 123 half-page charts, the “vast majority” (author’s words) of which come from four national surveys on youth attitudes and behaviors. That structure makes for a breezy read, but there’s only so much substance anyone can fit in so few pages. Evidence and ideas are presented without interrogation or critique. Twenge conducted 23 interviews (of up to two hours) with young people, and their quotes — along with some internet-sourced anecdotes — provide minor qualitative support. Mixed together and squirted into three-page section molds, it all feels pat and formulaic, more like a detailed corporate research dossier than an earnest work of inquiry.
Twenge is not very interested in possible financial reasons for general change. In her scholarly work, she has suggested that market cycles fluctuate rather than follow a consistent trend, and that makes economics a poor explanatory variable. In iGen, she writes off the importance of the 2007–09 recession because “[u]nemployment, one of the best indicators of how the economy is affecting real people, peaked in 2010 and then declined.” Aside from the unemployment rate being a notoriously unreliable indicator of how the economy is affecting real people, that is a profoundly incurious sentence. There have been major changes to the nature of work and employment over the past few decades, and for Twenge to more or less ignore all of it because unemployment is back under 5 percent seems like more than an error. It hints at something deeper about why the book exists.
If the deleterious impact of smartphones is the premise of iGen, then Twenge has two main conclusions: “Overall, iGen is good news for managers” and “iGen’ers are scared, maybe even terrified.” Instead of investigating the possible links between these two findings, Twenge offers the managers suggestions for luring iGeners, like referring to the office’s “safe environment.” But at the end of the day, corporations have no interest in making their workers feel safer when fear makes them “less likely to expect more pay for less work.” (Twenge could have phrased it in the opposite direction, as “more likely to expect less pay for more work,” which would have clarified the stakes for employers.) This connection between an increase in the rate of exploitation and an increase in fear within the cohort would be by far the strongest argument in iGen, if Twenge had bothered to make it. Why didn’t she?
The term “millennial” was invented by William Strauss and Neil Howe, who’d been stars of the generational-consultant industry since their 1991 book Generations. Coining “millennials” made Strauss and Howe name brands — even though critics found their book Millennials Rising decidedly lightweight — and in a 2009 Chronicle of Higher Education article, Eric Hoover put Howe’s speaking rate between $5,000 and $14,000 a pop plus expenses, with too many offers to take them all. The two authors also formed a consultancy called LifeCourse Associates, which lists clients “from Disney to the U.S. Marine Corps.” Compared to all that, book money is chump change.
When David Brooks (of all people) reviewed Millennials Rising, he wrote that, “This is not a good book, if by good you mean the kind of book in which the authors have rigorously sifted the evidence and carefully supported their assertions with data. But it is a very good bad book. It’s stuffed with interesting nuggets.” Twenge seems to have followed that description like a map; iGen is a nugget cluster with the rigor of a sales brochure. I have little doubt it will take her all the way to the bank.
Twenge is featured in the 2009 Chronicle article, too, as a second-tier speaker ($1,000 to $5,000), but with a more skeptical and data-based view than the optimistic Strauss and Howe. With iGen — her own coinage — Twenge looks to be the next marquee name as the millennial boys fade from prominence. That helps explain why there’s more in the book about how textbook manufacturers can engage students (“interactive activities” and “lower their reading level”) than why most iGeners oppose the capitalist system that has gone largely uncontested by Americans for 50 years. It helps explain why she poses questions like “How can managers get the most out of the newest generation in the workforce?” or says things like “Car manufacturers should take heart” and “this is good news for advertisers and marketers.”
In yet another stage in the seemingly unending saga of Summerhill, the controversial Crown Heights restaurant, a community meeting last night has produced an iconic photo making the rounds on New York Twitter. Summerhill invited controversy this summer when a press release for the restaurant talked up “bullet holes” (really just a damaged wall) as part of the authentic appeal, leading local residents to call out the insensitivity of the framing. Last night, owner Becca Brennan explained herself, as Gothamist reported. She said of the bullet-hole remark, “I’m sorry I have a sense of humor.”
The picture, captured by Scott Heins, quickly started making the rounds as a textbook illustration of gentrifiers who just don’t get it.
BuzzFeed writer and podcast host Tracy Clayton got off a few jokes about the photo.
Brennan, meanwhile, appears to have gone dark since Crown Heights residents vowed to shut the restaurant down.
The internet is a terrible, very bad place. That’s pretty much an undisputed fact at this point.
Her tweet was pretty average by all accounts — a simple share of an article that featured her cause. Nothing controversial or inflammatory.
But then came @contratastic.
Fowler took the high road in response, writing, “Lol she is me, mah friend.”
By internet standards, this was already a victory in the name of civility and legitimate discourse, but then, it somehow got even better.
But here’s where things take a shocking turn (at least, as far as replies on Twitter go). Instead of standing his ground and growing ever defensive of his position, @contratastic responded positively to Fowler, promising her that he would read her memo. (Which, he totally should have done long before critiquing her, but you know, such is life online …)
Who would have guessed that reading something would actually help you understand it? It sounds almost as likely as having a civil conversation with someone on Twitter …
After about two minutes — which I guess is how long it took him to make time to read the work he had had such strong feelings for before — @contratastic reappeared and responded to his own reply, and what followed was a surprisingly wholesome exchange.
Obviously not realizing who he was replying to, user @contratastic tweeted insults at Fowler, saying, “She destroyed millions of dollars worth of shareholder value already, but hell hath no fury like a feminist scorned and she is going again.”
Ahhhhh, civility.
And just in case your jaded, cynical heart still hasn’t melted from the purity of this measured, rational exchange of ideas, I present to you a conclusion so conflict-free, it could probably be sold by De Beers:
But sometimes, a tiny shred of goodness peaks through all the filth and allows your almost nonexistent faith in humanity to keep on keepin’ on.
It all started when Susan Fowler — a former Uber engineer who’s been lobbying the U.S. Supreme Court to hear her sexual-harassment case against the ride-sharing company — retweeted a Bloomberg Businessweek story that highlighted her efforts.
If you close your eyes and wish really hard, you can almost pretend it’s 2015 again.
Facebook today announced that it was bringing on the consulting prowess of Liz Spayd, who was most recently the (last) ombudsperson at the New York Times, and before that the editor of the Columbia Journalism Review and an editor at the Washington Post. According to Recode, Spayd’s role will involve pushing the company to be more transparent; Facebook has long been aggressive in guarding how its technical systems and programs work, and the decision processes it makes regarding user and content moderation.
Chief among the code that is often wondered about is the News Feed algorithm, which is responsible for what more than a billion internet users see and learn on any given day. That system is a black box that media organizations and media manipulators have been trying to reverse engineer for years. (Not that there aren’t plenty of other places Facebook could stand to be more transparent — take this Gizmodo story about Facebook apparently discovering, with no prompting, a long-estranged family member.)
Still, for all of Spayd’s less inspiring columns, she did write an excellent piece rightly castigating the Times for failing to live up to its own standards for newsroom diversity. If that Spayd shows up at Facebook, and is empowered, it would be a good step for the overwhelmingly white and largely male company. Otherwise, Spayd, an industry veteran, will continually demonstrate herself incapable of understanding how current media works. The upside is that her influence at Facebook will most likely be superficial. The downside is that whoever brought her on at Facebook either thought she did a good job or was too lazy to take a look, indicating that, once again, the company is half-assing its response to public concerns.
For some people, it might be a good thing that Spayd likely won’t have much power. Spayd was widely criticized during her brief tenure as the Times’ public editor over her choice of topics: She chastised a reporter for tweeting dog puns, encouraged more readers to feel bold enough to sue the paper for defamation, and asserted that false balance is good — a point on which she and Mark Zuckerberg will get along great. Earlier this year, the Times eliminated the public-editor position, moving toward an approach that surveyed what readers were saying on social media. In other words, angry people in the Times’ Twitter mentions were more useful than Spayd’s feedback.
It’s nice to hear that some faction within Facebook is interested in increasing transparency, especially as the company’s stranglehold on advertising and media grows. But it likely won’t mean much: It’s unclear what kind of power Spayd will be given, or what kind of sway she’ll have — and if she’s just someone emailing employees about increasing transparency, it seems doubtful that anything will change. Every few months, Facebook announces a new hire from, or partnership with, the media industry (previously: former CNN anchor Campbell Brown), but beyond conceptually identical blog posts about how the company is using machine learning to track those using the platform improperly, very little seems to have changed.
Travis Kalanick — Uber’s infamous founder and former CEO — has been on an indefinite leave of absence since June. (Why June? Officially, Kalanick left to take some time to grieve the sudden death of his mother. Also around the same time, Eric Holder’s probe report came out, which recommended that reallocating Kalanick’s duties and powers would be in the best interest of the company.) This week, the company looks like it might finally have landed on somebody to take over for Kalanick: Dara Khosrowshahi.
The current Expedia CEO was, according to the New York Times, officially chosen on Sunday evening, though news of his selection broke online before Khosrowshahi had even been informed by Uber’s board. As of Monday morning, several sources told TechCrunch he had officially been offered the job, though there has yet to be a formal announcement on whether or not he accepted the gig. He was reportedly chosen out of a final pool including two other candidates, former General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt and Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s Meg Whitman. The Times reports the board had been leaning toward Whitman but could not agree on terms. (Also, Whitman herself tweeted she would not be Uber’s new CEO earlier this summer, so there’s that too.)
Khosrowshahi — who was born in Iran and emigrated to the United States with his family as a kid — has been running Expedia since 2005. He has been vocal about his distaste for the Trump administration. (Earlier this year, Kalanick quit Trump’s advisory council saying his presence there was not meant to endorse the president.) Now we just have to wait and see if he takes the job. If he does, Khosrowshahi will certainly have his work cut out for him.
In Amazon’s first official day running Whole Foods, the online giant slashed some food prices. (Amazon acquired Whole Foods earlier this summer for $13.7 billion.) In the grocery chain’s store on 57th Street in Manhattan, Bloomberg reports cost cuts up to 43 percent. Almond butter went from $7.99 to $6.99 a jar. Organic Fuji apples went from $3.49 to $1.99 per pound. Organic rotisserie chickens went from $13.99 to $9.99 each. A dozen organic eggs now cost $3.99 instead of $4.29. The list goes on and also includes organic avocados, butter, salmon, and tilapia.
While the new price cuts aren’t about to lose Whole Foods its “Whole Paycheck” moniker anytime soon, they make the cost of shopping there a bit — and only a very little bit — less prohibitive. In addition to lowering prices on foodstuffs, Amazon seems to be running another sale, the “pick of the season,” at its new grocery chain. As noted by several people on Twitter, Whole Foods is now selling slightly discounted Amazon Echos and Echo Dots.
Mmm, love that “farm fresh” robot taste.
Overwhelmed by inquiries, Guillem sent one long statement out to reporters about the situation (as a heads-up, English is not his first language). “I’ve been working 16 hours a day on the advertisement photography business for 5 years now,” he wrote. “We started without having any kind of idea of this business and I didn’t even know a thing about photography,” though he no longer considers himself or his team amateurs. His operation usually sells more than 1,600 photos a day.
The internet has a long history of making memes out of contextless stock photos, but the fad reached new heights last week thanks to the work of Antonio Guillem. A prolific stock photographer from Barcelona, Guillem’s work quickly became a source of obsession after the photo above, featuring a bizarre love triangle, became a metaphor for, as most memes do, pretty much anything.
Guillem isn’t worried about sales, however, even though the photo is being shared all over social media by users who haven’t purchased it. “The sales that are related with the memes are probably a 0.00000% of our monthly revenue. It’s not relevant,” he said. The memers “are just a group of people doing it in good faith, and we are not going to take any action, except for the extreme cases in which this good faith doesn’t exist.”
“I never thought that one of my images will be that popular,” he continued. “I didn’t even know what a meme is until recently, when the models started to tell me about the memes that people were doing with our work.” The photo that started it all is sold roughly 700 times each year, though his most popular photos sell seven or eight times that.
“The setting was completely improvised as we didn’t have time to search for it. As I always work with the same models, it was quite easy to create the situation even though it was quite challenging to achieve face expressions that were believable. Mainly, because we always have a really great work atmosphere and almost all the time one of the models was laughing while we were trying to take the picture.”
He was, however, worried about the photo being used in a pejorative or offensive way, which he denounced. “I’m talking, for example, about the image where their faces are changed by a dog face, a garbage bag, and a dog food bag.” He doesn’t want the memes to reflect poorly on himself or the models.
“I can’t ask for anything else,” he wrote. “We have complete trust and confidence in each other.”
Guillem identified two of the models in the photo as Mario and Laura, though he declined to name the other woman because “we stopped working together around a year ago.” Laura and Mario, however, he exalted at length.
Guillem’s statement, which he requested be published unedited in full, is below.
The viral photo was taken “in mid-2015 in Gerona (Catalonia, Spain) and because we were having a great sales response to our work, we decided to take a few risks planning a session representing the infidelity concept in relationships in a playful and fun way.”
But after tracking down the source of the photo, users quickly discovered that the same models appear in Guillem’s work over and over again, giving the entire body of work a sprawling, narrative feel not unlike a decades-long soap opera, or the tangential intersections of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
“Laura started working with me 5 years ago and Mario 4 years ago and I care about them as they were my kids,” Guillem said. “They know that we count on me for anything and the same about them. They work exclusively for me and they are as great people as their work is.”
If you’ve been cradling your old iPhone, with its cracked screen and crummy battery life, and whispering just a little longer, please hold on just a little longer till I can replace you, your time has finally come. Apple is holding a product-launch event on September 12. Three new iPhones are expected to be released on that date, The Wall Street Journal reports, as well as a new smartwatch.
Two of the three phones are expected to be updated versions of Apple’s existing iPhone 7. The third, however, is likely to be the much-rumored iPhone 8. This device will reportedly cost just shy of $1,000 and will likely have new features including wireless charging and facial recognition. Other design rumors include a larger screen, no home button, and significantly higher resolution. Color choices will, if KGI Securities analyst — and historically good Apple predictor — Ming-Chi Kuo is to be believed, be limited to silver, gold, and black. Only a few more weeks till we’ll get to watch Tim Cook on a livestream and play Apple-event bingo and find out for sure.
My initial reaction to Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle was a bit like turning on a vacuum cleaner around a dog: I got real freaked out and wasn’t sure why. The game, produced by Ubisoft, sees Mario getting mashed up with these cartoon rabbit things called Rabbids that, per Wikipedia, are very popular in Europe. And the gameplay looked to be a mash-up of the turn-based tactical game XCOM and/or SteamWorld: Heist. So Mario and Luigi and Princess Peach now have guns, but then they’re also like bizarro Rabbid versions of themselves? It was a lot to take in.
But after spending the last week cramming every spare moment I could into playing through Kingdom Battle, I’m a believer. I won’t try to explain the full story, because it would read as if I took some Ambien right before writing this, but the basic gist is, various bits of junk in a Rabbids’ basement have invaded the Mushroom Kingdom, wreaking unintentional havoc. The Bowser family gets involved, as do more of your favorite Mario characters — and, again, their odd Rabbid-mash-up versions.
The game’s one weakness is in between battles, where you do very basic overworld traveling, solving very simple puzzles, and collecting coins (which you use to buy guns, not extra lives — again, it’s a very weird Mario game!). You can also go back to past stages and take on challenges, some of which require some interesting use of the mechanics you’ve learned so far (and, because it’s an Ubisoft game, there are dozens and dozens of collectibles to find). None of this is handled badly, but compared to the fun of the battles, running around collecting coins or doing simple color-coded switch puzzles feels like a letdown.
The game this reminded me of the most is nearly over 21 years old now, Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars, a Super Nintendo title that, much like Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle, should not have worked. It borrowed heavily on the tropes from other games, but was able to make it defiantly its own thing — both of these are odd Mario games, but they are Mario games.
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle is the first time I found myself making sure my Switch was in my bag with me at all times, and I had a spare portable battery back in case juice ran low. It’s a testament to both Ubisoft’s dedication to getting so many small details right and the essential pliability of the Mario brand — in his nearly 40 years, he’s been a doctor, a kart racer, a mêlée brawler, and a hotel magnate — that Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle is such a blast to play.
It’s Kingdom Battle’s emphasis on continued movement and chaining attacks together that makes it special. Every fight will see just three of your team taking on many, many more enemies; each battle quickly becomes a puzzle to solve. If I run one teammate through a pipe here, dash and shoot this enemy there, then follow that up with a double-dash move through another two enemies here, I can then use Peach to launch Mario into the air, where he can stomp a separate mêlée bruiser, and finish him off with a hammer. Throw in secondary weapons and characters’ specific powers that can force enemies out of cover, and you get a game that has the colorful sheen of a children’s game, but with a surprising amount of tactical depth.
Indeed, while the first few levels are relatively easy, by the end, I was hard-pressed to finish each level. Luckily, unlike XCOM, you aren’t punished heavily for failure — you can restart any battle that’s going badly, and every fight has an “Easy Option” mode that gives all your characters 150 percent extra life. You can also go back and play earlier levels for more coins and “Orbs,” which allow you to gain new character abilities. The game isn’t a cakewalk — there are a couple of later battles I found myself beating my head against repeatedly — but it does an admirable job of creating something that players of almost any skill level can enjoy.
The meat of the game is turn-based tactical battles. If you played the 2012 remake of XCOM or a Fire Emblem game, you’re in familiar territory. If not, the game is good about holding your hand initially. You pick three team members and take turns moving them to better positions, dashing into enemies to knock them over, taking shots with blasters and various explosives, and gaining even better cover, usually by using a teammate to leap into a better position.
Looking for a central cause, Twenge posits a two-part test: it has to be negatively correlated with mental health, and it has to have changed in the same time and direction as happiness. But that still only describes a correlation between two variables; screen time and iGen unhappiness could both be caused by the movement of a third, unacknowledged variable. Because Twenge is looking for answers in a set of longitudinal surveys about teen behavior and attitudes, at best she can only find a proximate cause. Would it be more or less enlightening to say that the rise in the combined market cap of the four so-called GAFA firms (Google, Apple, Facebook, and Amazon) makes iGen unhappy? It would be no less true than saying “screen time.”
Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are parents. Again! The couple announced Zuckerbaby No. 2’s arrival on Facebook earlier on Monday. As they did with the birth of their first daughter, Max, Zuckerberg and Chan penned a letter to their newborn daughter — whose name we now know is August. Good to know the Zuckerberg-Chan family owns a calendar.
Congrats to the happy family. Now time to get back to that whole curing cancer in our children’s lifetimes thing.
Hurricane Harvey touched down in Texas last Friday and has been wreaking havoc ever since. Eight people have died and parts of the state are experiencing some of the worst flooding in United States history. Online, reaction and response to the storm have been equally messy. Hoaxes. Misinformation. General chaos. To help guide you through it, here are Select All’s ten best practices for using social media, or rather using it wisely, during a crisis.
2. Don’t blindly retweet photos, rumors, or suspiciously perfect news stories.
No, Barack Obama didn’t spend his weekend serving food to those affected by Harvey. But if you happened to see a now-deleted viral tweet featuring a photo of him — taken in Texas back in 2015 when the Obama family volunteered at a homeless shelter — you might have thought he did. (Obama’s long-sleeved sweater might have been a tip the photo wasn’t taken during a Texas summer.) If something seems too good to be true — or too bad to be true — it probably is. Be your own fact-checker and do some homework before you spread information.
Hashtags are a great way to label and track information during a crisis. But the people using #HurricaneHarvey to find resources and news shouldn’t have to filter through your “good vibes and prayers” tweets to get that info, no matter how well-intentioned your vibes are.
4. While you’re at it, spell the hashtag correctly.
It’s Harvey. Not Harvery.
6. When you’ve found verified problems, signal boost.
Once you’ve verified that the information in the tweet you’re reading is accurate, retweet with abandon. Residents of a senior center in Dickinson, Texas, were rescued over the weekend after images of them sitting in waist-deep water went viral on Twitter.
7. Don’t create hoaxes.
Don’t be the dick adding more fear and panic to an already dangerous situation. People have died. Many are still in harm’s way. Skip the Photoshopped picture of a shark floating down a freeway. The retweets aren’t worth it, and the gag is so old, it’s not even funny anymore.
8. Shut down hoaxes when you see them.
Call people on their shit. If it’s a friend you see tweeting misinformation, slide into their DMs and kindly correct their mistakes. If it’s somebody acting more maliciously, shame them. Enough people called out the “Obama homeless shelter” tweet that it was eventually deleted.
9. Put your money — or your time, or your blood — where your mouth is, and let other people know where and how.
5. Follow verified accounts to ensure you’re getting and sharing news from journalists, not virality-seeking hoaxers.
If you’re looking to find accurate information and breaking updates, following verified news outlets, government organizations, and local reporters on the ground is a safe way to go.
3. Don’t co-opt the hashtag.
Thoughts and prayers are nice, but performative concern isn’t going to actually aid anybody in need. Instead, here are a few Harvey-specific places and ways you can help. If you’re looking for information to signal boost, this is among the most valuable.
10. Use your massive Twitter platform to do more than just marvel at the size of the disaster.
Actually, this one mostly just applies if you’re president.
The Coast Guard is asking that people in Texas who are in distress not post on social media. Instead, people should call 911 and stay on the line, or keep calling until they get through.
1. Call 911, not Facebook, if you need emergency help — and stay on the line.
Here’s a quick list of everything Amazon did on its first day officially running Whole Foods. One: Cut some prices to make grocery costs slightly closer to being remotely affordable for the bank account of a normal person. Two: Display and sell discounted “farm fresh” Amazon Echoes and Echo Dots at the front of Whole Foods stores. Three: Order a butcher at an L.A.-based franchise to shape some ground beef into the Amazon Logo.
Amazon. It’s what’s for dinner.
As has been true for roughly the last decade, it’s almost impossible to make a major video game and hit the first announced release date. Time and time again, announced and anticipated games get pushed back months or years, or the development team just goes dark entirely. For fans eagerly awaiting release, this silence can be maddening and feel arbitrary.
Making a video game often involves a grueling process known in the industry as “crunch,” where designers and coders and producers spend all of their waking hours trying to get the game into a finished state, forgoing social lives, sleep, and emotional and physical well-being to do so. Video games, more than any other form of entertainment, are about marrying technical and creative ingenuity, and it can often be difficult to know where one ends and the other begins.
One thing that’s interesting about it is that these companies aren’t really that open about what’s going on. So it’s tough from the outside, if developers aren’t going to tell anyone, it’s weird to expect people to be forgiving.Yeah, it’s sad. That’s one of the things I’ve been railing against game companies for years about. That culture of secrecy that surrounds the video-game industry, which is just — nobody benefits from that. Developers can’t talk about their work. Even in this, I got a lot of access to people, and people were super candid, and I’m really appreciative to them for that. But for games like Star Wars 1313, a couple of them spoke on the record, but most of the people I spoke to for that chapter were speaking anonymously. A lot of these game stories just get lost in time because of NDAs. There are so many canceled games that people don’t know about, and so many stories people can’t tell because they’re restricted by this ridiculous culture of secrecy.
Where does that culture come from, and why do you think it persists?I might be making this up, but I remember hearing that it came from the ’80s or ’90s mentality back in the early days of the video-game industry of companies being worried about secret-stealing. Companies had this dog-eat-dog, cutthroat mentality about it. There was a lot of cloning and malicious business practices. It might be a vestige of that; it might be that that sort of thing is still going.
What do you want people to take away from the book?The big takeaway is that making video games is really fucking hard! Which is something that I’d heard from everyone — everyone says it — but I don’t think I’d fully appreciated it or fully understood the depths of it until I started digging into this book. Just talking to people and hearing all of the common themes. One of the issues that I had while writing this book was to make sure that every chapter didn’t sound the same, because every game is like, “Oh, yeah, and then we had to delay it.” I thought maybe some of the games would be delayed, but it turns out that out of the ten games I picked for the book, all ten of them were delayed at various points. Seeing those challenges and seeing the patterns start to form made me really appreciate the ridiculousness that goes into game development. I’ve definitely had some people who read early copies of the book come up to me and be like, “You know, I am never going to work in game development after reading this book,” which is sad, but that’s the reality of it. It’s the type of thing that I hope more people will grasp after reading it, and they’ll be less inclined to jump on the Reddit thread and call game developers lazy.
For AAA stuff, it takes so long to spin those wheels that the idea that someone would clone it seems a little misplaced.That is one reason I could see the logic behind being secretive. You don’t want to talk about a game when it could change drastically in a year. I understand the logic there, because gamers get really mad, as we saw with No Man’s Sky. On the flip side, if more companies just talked about things and gamers became more aware that things change all the time, there would be that level of knowledge and acceptance, and people would be less inclined to freak out when those changes happen. I’ve always been in favor of drastic transparency, radical transparency.
In Blood, Sweat, and Pixels, Kotaku reporter Jason Schreier tells the fascinating stories of ten of these games and their erratic development cycles, from crowdfunded successes like Shovel Knight to triple-A titles like the fourth Uncharted, to canceled what-ifs like Star Wars 1313. Schreier, who is one of the only industry reporters chronicling what actually happens inside development studies, sat down with Select All to talk about his book and why making a video game always becomes a Sisyphean task.
A couple chapters in the book recount developers running crowdfunding campaigns. How has Kickstarter changed game development?More transparency, although that can be a bad thing when they’re failed projects and games that just disappear and go nowhere. The independence helps a lot. The two Kickstarter games in this book, Pillars of Eternity and Shovel Knight, probably would not have happened without Kickstarter. As far as giving game companies and developers a certain level of freedom to do stuff without someone hanging over their heads dictating, I think that is really cool and really beneficial. There are definitely horror stories, but I think ultimately it’s been more beneficial to video games than detrimental.
It seems more and more people are learning that you can’t just throw up any idea and expect to meet your fundraising goal.People are more skeptical these days; I’m definitely more skeptical; we as an outlet [Kotaku] are more skeptical. We’ve been burned a lot by covering Kickstarters, and it makes us feel terrible when we cover one and three years pass, and it’s disappeared or canceled or they ran away with the money.
Part of it is just inertia. “This is how it’s always been, so this is what we’re gonna keep doing, and we’re just not gonna talk.” It’s why it’s so refreshing to see indie developers who are open about that sort of thing. You see that a lot with the Shovel Knight guys, who were very open about their process not just for the book, but they’ve also had a blog, and they were doing tons of Kickstarter updates. There have been other developers that are super open.
I’m sure there are other reasons for the culture of secrecy, but it’s really stupid. Why would it matter to anybody if a game developer talks about a project that they worked on ten years ago that was canceled? It really bums me out to think about how many of those games have been lost to time.
Given that development is sort of a horror show, did anyone talk to you about workers’ rights or organizing or trying to shape up a lot of the rough edges of this process?That’s definitely something worth talking about. It wasn’t what I was going for. I want to say “judgement-free,” but not exactly. More of like a “fly on the wall” look at how these games are made without being like, “These guys should unionize!” I wrote an editorial for the New York Times about crunch and it’s tied to the book release, about how crunch is just not worth it and it’s brutal. But I wanted to keep that separate from the book.
What is interesting to me is the nuance of it. I thought Neil Druckmann’s perspective was interesting. In the Uncharted 4 chapter, he talks about how, I’m paraphrasing, “If you don’t want to crunch, don’t try to make the Game of the Year.” I found that illustrative of Naughty Dog’s approach, but didn’t want to then add a second paragraph like, “Well, you know he shouldn’t have said this because …” I wanted to give him the space to show how they do things without injecting opinion or judgement.
It’s not as simple as “nobody should crunch.” It’s more complicated than that. I think the topic of workers’ rights in the game industry would be another book on its own, honestly.
It’s interesting because when people describe the crunch process — and maybe I’m imprinting on it a bit — it feels like Stockholm syndrome.That’s the thing. Game developers, for the most part, don’t crunch because someone’s telling them to, they feel obligated to. “I could go home right now, but David over here is staying late to finish his bug, so I’m gonna stay and polish these designs.” It’s this culture of crunch that I think is very difficult to pull out of. If you’re the guy leaving at 7 or the girl leaving at 7, and your co-workers are all staying until 9 or 10, then you feel like an asshole and everyone glares at you. Part of it is like, “I know that if I don’t stay late tonight, this feature that I love is not going to be in the game.” It’s these little things that keep adding up. Even if the game industry organized, it seems impractical that people wouldn’t want to stay late and clock in those hours.
Have you shown the book to a lot of people in game development?I’ve gotten a lot of reactions like, “Oh my god, this triggered my PTSD,” and “Oh my god, this is what it’s like.” It’s good to feel like it’s an accurate depiction.
Do you think it’ll make people more open to talking about this type of stuff?I hope so. I think it’s beneficial for everyone. The selfish part of my brain wants people to stay secret so that I can be one of the only people getting developers to open up, but I think it’ll be more beneficial to everyone if more developers were talking. The ideal scenario would be that someone reads this and contacts me with their story.
I hope people come away from it learning something and feeling a new appreciation for how these things are made. I don’t think people should ever accept some of the bullshit that goes on in the industry just because it’s hard to make games. I think there’s a lot of stuff that should be called out. But I also hope reading it helps people appreciate the hard work that goes into even the bad games, even the games that are canceled. Hopefully, it makes people a little more sensile when giving their criticism, and less prone to just angry YouTube rants or nasty Reddit comments. If people are more civil about games, that’d make me super happy.
Or it’s just a bad game.Or it’s Mighty No. 9! I remember when it was announced, I think I wrote a headline like, “The producer of Mega Man is making the fan’s dream Mega Man game,” which now, in retrospect, is an embarrassment. I mean, who could’ve known it would’ve turned out like this, but I think Kickstarter allows people — myself included — to buy into hype in a way that can be dangerous. When it works, it works.
In the fallout of last November, as liberals and conservatives both attempted to make sense of Trump’s election, an odd and unlikely figure emerged: former British conservative MP Louise Mensch, who became the leading figure in what was essentially a liberal conspiracy movement dedicated to propagating wildly outlandish theories about the president.
He asked things like, “Is there anything you have heard that’s really going to shock people? An ‘Oh my god!’ sort of thing?”
Taylor walked back the story earlier today.
Taylor also claimed on Twitter that someone from the Schneiderman office had reached out to inform him of the bogus claim, though his public disclosure on Twitter came only after the Guardian inquired. Louise Mensch, who is leveling similar allegations, claimed to have separate sources backing it up. The New York AG’s office stressed to the Guardian that readers should be discerning about where they get their news.
But Mensch and Taylor are now walking back some claims after the Guardian was contacted by a hoaxer fed up with the pair’s antics. The false tip alleged that Trump’s modeling agency was being investigated by authorities over concerns of sex trafficking. The hoaxer claimed to work with New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman.
The source said that “Taylor asked no questions to verify my identity, did no vetting whatsoever, sought no confirmation from a second source — but instead asked leading questions to support his various theories, asking me to verify them.”
Together with a man named Claude Taylor — tweeting under the handle @TrueFactsStated — Mensch began posting “scoops,” which were often unsupported and far-fetched, but which she nonetheless claimed to have received from legit sources — and which tended to go viral.
Chief among those claims was the contention that Donald Trump has already been indicted, impeached, and removed from office by secret court proceedings. To anyone with half a brain, it scanned as ludicrous. To people still desperately searching for an explanation for the Trump presidency that wasn’t misogyny, racism, and economic resentment, it read as a turning point in the crowd-sourced conspiracy investigation, a saving throw of sorts in the fight for democracy.
Mario: I remember that it was kinda embarrassing because there where people watching and laughing, and I had to make this silly face. But in the end, like we always do, I just forgot they were there and did my job. I remember it like a learning experience, and I had fun with my team.
We are now in what feels like day 600 of the saga of Laura and Mario, the couple pictured in the viral stock photo that’s taken social media by storm. Yesterday, we heard from photographer Antonio Guillem, who shot the photo, and today Laura and Mario have spoken up to let their fans know: The meme is good.
Laura: First of all, I’m the “girlfriend” ahah. For me it was a curious and funny photoshoot, especially when we had to make the photos like the meme, more humorous. When people saw us simulate those scenes in the street, they stopped to look and laugh and, in my case that I had to have a more serious face, I had a hard time to keeping it ahaha.
Guillem combined the most popular questions he’d seen from the media and sent them along to Laura (who we now know is the girlfriend in the blue shirt) and Mario. Their answers are below.
How did you discover the meme? Laura: I started receiving notifications from my friends by tagging me on the posts they found on social media. Then Toni sent us the first emails for interview requests he got about this photo, and I realized that it had become viral.
Laura: I started receiving notifications from my friends by tagging me on the posts they found on social media. Then Toni sent us the first emails interview requests he got about this photo and I realized that it had become viral.
Mario: People just started sending these memes to me, filling up my social media, even people I hadn’t seen for many years.
What are some of your favorite labels that you’ve seen so far?Laura: We have had a lot of work these last few weeks as we are trying to increase production. We have not paid much attention to everything posted on the net, but I can say, by the little that I have seen, that people have a lot of imagination!
Laura: We have had a lot of work these last few weeks as we are trying to increase production. We have not paid much attention to everything posted on the net but I can say, by the little that I have seen, that people have a lot of imagination!
Mario: As we are working really hard to give our clients the best quality photos we can make, I do not really have the time to follow these things, but for what I have seen, I can say that it’s crazy what people can imagine.
Laura: It’s quite strange to be a meme but also funny due to the imagination of the people.
Mario: I was a bit surprised because I didn’t expect that a photo that we made would become so popular on social media.
Laura: Maybe if I put the face of the meme someone could recognize me, but no, no one has recognized me yet ahaha. Even some friend of mine told me “Look, this girl looks like you” and I said “It’s me!” Ahaha
Mario: Not yet, ahaha.
Laura: I think everyone once in their lives has been the girl in the red dress, maybe without being looked at with such brazenness. And I’ve never found myself in the situation that my boyfriend looks at a girl in that way so I’ve never been “my character” in real life ahaha
Have you ever been any of the three characters depicted in the photo in real life?Laura: I think everyone once in their lives has been the girl in the red dress, maybe without being looked at with such brazenness. And I’ve never found myself in the situation that my boyfriend looks at a girl in that way, so I’ve never been “my character” in real life, ahaha.
Mario: Hahahaha, I would never look at someone like that in real life, and about the other two characters, well, I am not so pretty.
What do you remember of this shoot?Laura: First of all, I’m the “girlfriend,” ahah. For me, it was a curious and funny photo shoot, especially when we had to make the photos like the meme, more humorous. When people saw us simulate those scenes in the street, they stopped to look and laugh, and in my case, that I had to have a more serious face, I had a hard time to keeping it, ahaha.
How did you feel when you saw the memes?Laura: It’s quite strange to be a meme, but also funny due to the imagination of the people.
Are you being recognized on the street?Laura: Maybe if I put the face of the meme someone could recognize me, but no, no one has recognized me yet, ahaha. Even some friends of mine told me, “Look, this girl looks like you,” and I said, “It’s me!” Ahaha
Everybody’s Golf, contra its name, is not a book helping kids through their shame about dribbling putts just shy of the hole. It’s the latest entry in the decades’ old PlayStation Hot Shots Golf franchise (in Japan, it’s always been called Minna no Golf, Everybody’s Golf), and it’s the first entry in the series in five years.
I should say it’s hard for me to be completely unbiased about this series. I spent a good chunk of my college years getting stoned with roommates and playing endless rounds of Hot Shots Golf 3 on PlayStation 2. Bright colors, gentle Japanese electro-jazz, the burst of color when you’d sink an eagle — Hot Shots Golf 3 was tailor-made for skipping a Tuesday-night seminar and ordering pizza.
But I hadn’t kept up with the Hot Shots Golf franchise, and was interested in getting back into it. At its heart, the game is largely the same — you pick your club, aim your shot, click the button three times (once to start your power meter going up, once to set your hit strength, and once more to determine how accurate you’ll be). If you’ve played a golf video game in the past two decades, you’ll understand what’s going on.
What Everybody’s Golf does differently is turn the game into an RPG. At the beginning of the game, you create an avatar, then take it through a series of tournaments and one-on-one matches against a computer player. But every shot you take, from hits off the tee box to chip-ins, level up individual clubs. Use your four-iron for approach shots far more often than your three-iron? You’ll have steadier shots, more power, and better accuracy with your four-iron. It’s an interesting concept, making your golfer feel more and more like an individual — so far, mine tends to be a John Daly sort (including an alarmingly large gut) that blasts tee shots, but struggles in the short game.
Less fun is unlocking more courses, which requires playing various computer players until you finally get to the next course. By the time you’ve ground out enough wins to get to the second course, you’ll be very familiar with the first, and the same will happen with the second. Some of the one-on-one matches are interesting in that they’ll teach you more about specific mechanics — how to master backspin, for instance — but for the most part, they feel like filler meant to pad out the single-player experience.
And it’s tough to judge the game on its single player alone, as it’s meant to be an online game, and I’ve only had a few hours to play online (the public servers just opened up this morning, August 29). So far, it seems like chaotic fun — you can careen around courses in a golf cart, go fishing, and do other wacky things Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14 would never dream of letting you do, but the games I got involved in weren’t really competitive; players shagged balls all over the course. Odds are good that a dedicated player base will build up for the game — online multiplayer golf games are particularly popular in Japan and South Korea — but I can’t say right now whether that portion of the game will be a success or not.
But at $39, Everybody’s Golf already feels like a perfect end-of-summer game pickup. If I were an incoming freshman, it’d be one of the first things I’d grab for my dorm room, along with a shower caddy, a good pair of flip-flops, and a paper-towel roll stuffed with dryer sheets.
Nobody wants a Windows phone. Including, it seems, the NYPD.
The city’s police force will be tossing around 36,000 Nokia Windows phones, due mainly to the fact that Microsoft itself has decided to stop supporting the phones. Windows phones control less than one percent of total U.S. market share — a number that will drop even further with the NYPD abandoning them.
Per the New York Post, the blame for the choice to go with Windows mobile phones is being placed at the feet of NYPD Deputy Commissioner for Information Technology Jessica Tisch, who announced the rollout of the Windows phones in 2016. Tisch insisted on using Windows phones because Microsoft software was already being used to run video surveillance at the lower Manhattan Security Initiative Command Center. Even when the plan was announced in 2016, the two phones being brought onboard weren’t top-of-the-line: The Lumia 830 was released in October 2014, and the Lumia 640 XL hit the market in March 2015.
“Nobody purchases 36,000 phones based on the judgment of one person,” said one source speaking to the Post. “I don’t care if you’re Jesus f- -king Christ, you get a panel of experts.” (To be fair to Tisch, Christ did have 12 apostles. But it’s unclear whether they advised him on information-technology purchasing policy.)
Purely anecdotally, most NYPD officers I’ve seen using smartphones have used either iPhones or Android devices — but I’ve never had the wherewithal to approach a cop and ask if their phone is government-issued or not.
Jake Paul — Vine star, turned YouTuber, turned nightmare neighbor who once lit a fire in his empty swimming pool — loaded up his truck today in California and is on his way to Texas. (He’s accompanied by three other members of Team 10, Paul’s social-media-star incubator.) “We have the chance to save thousands of lives and show everyone the power of social media,” Paul explained in an 18-minute video documenting his, uh, brave decision to drive into an active hurricane. “The city needs us. We cannot get there fast enough.” He also films himself going to a camera store to purchase waterproof equipment because of said active hurricane. “It’s not about vlogging,” Paul says, also noting that he’ll be “recording everything,” but might not be able to post a video every day. (A direct violation of his mantra, “It’s every day, bro.”) Weirdly, Paul’s standard brand of manic body comedy and semi-screaming tone doesn’t hold up when he’s shouting things like, “[People in Houston] they’re dying, they’re dying!”
Other highlights include a bit where Paul calls a friend looking to find a boat he can use to rescue people. (He edits in a clip from a judge in Harris County asking for people in the area with boats to help save others still in danger. Because the judge definitely didn’t mean to direct that to people currently in the area, but rather as a call to YouTubers hundreds of miles away. As though emergency-services personnel in the Houston area don’t already have enough people to worry about without the addition of several tone-deaf social-media stars.) He also calls his mother and father and visits with friends for final farewells: “This is seriously a dangerous mission. Time to say my good-byes.” Again, not a great look, given that Harvey’s death toll continues to rise. “I’m going to stop a hurricane,” Paul told his mother.
When Jake Paul dropped his diss track — I’m sorry, I’m so sorry — many of its lyrics centered around the many “good things” Paul had done, but that the media hadn’t reported. “Where was y’all at when I was on email tryna stop depressed fans from killing themselves.” (I said I was sorry!) With this trip to Houston, it seems as though Paul is trying, misguidedly, to write his own good press. To his credit, Paul is currently donating 100 percent of merchandise profits to Harvey relief. Well, 100 percent of the profits from his Harvey-specific shirt. If you buy regular merchandise, the money just goes to Paul, as usual. He’s also raising money via a GoFundMe campaign, though he’s not particularly specific — “all the money will be going to the families, to getting supplies” — about how those funds will be allocated.
For years now, technology companies have promised us that “augmented reality” — technology that allows you to look at the world under a layer of superimposed computer-generated imagery — was just around the corner. It’s been a compelling promise. The ability to place and manipulate digital objects in analog settings is so appealing, both as entertainment and as a pragmatic solution to real problems, that Facebook, Apple, and Google have all prominently announced or demonstrated their own AR programs over the last few years. But of those three, Apple will be the first to roll out augmented reality to hundreds of millions of phones. And it’s going to be huge.
Apple’s “ARKit” (the development tools used to create augmented-reality apps and environments) is a characteristic synthesis of its tightly integrated software and hardware. It uses a combination of your iPhone’s camera lens and its internal gyroscope and accelerometer to calculate, within centimeters, where and at what angle your phone is being held. This let’s your phone detect horizontal planes (i.e., floors and tables), to precisely and accurately layer objects or information on the screen. This version of AR, which uses only a single camera lens, won’t allow for fancy things like occlusion — if a digital object goes behind a table, ARKit isn’t sophisticated enough to realize it should make part of that object disappear. But it does mean that when iOS 11 goes live later this fall, the iPhone 6s and every iPhone newer than it, along with most iPads sold in 2016, will be able to run augmented-reality apps.
Another game, Arise, played out a bit like a game of Monument Valley or Echochrome. After scanning for a flat surface to place the game on, players physically circle a tower, using perspective to turn what looks like a gap into a bridge a small soldier can walk across. The mechanics aren’t new, but having the player move a phone screen around to control the camera is. Similarly, a Walking Dead AR experience essentially had you scan for footprints and point your phone at zombies (er, “walkers”) to shoot them — not groundbreaking stuff, but fun in the context of suddenly seeing zombies shambling through your living room or local park.
Finally, there was a demo from Ikea, where you could scan a room and then begin to place down furniture. AR interior decorating has been around for a while, but the speed and ease of use of Ikea’s app stood out. If a sofa didn’t look quite right, you could swipe through a couple of different designs — or different colors — until you got what you wanted. The ability to plop down a virtual armchair and ottoman, and then walk around the room to see how it looked from the entryway or a sofa you already bought, was impressive; it’s the type of thing I wish we’d had when recently buying furniture for our home.
Since ARKit’s announcement in June 2017, videos of several extremely tantalizing demos have been circulated online. Over the last week, I’ve spent some time looking at various AR-enabled apps created with ARKit, some created in just a few weeks. A few were less than impressive, but some were a stunning vision of how AR could quickly become as much a part of everyday life as smartphones and touchscreens have become.
On the entertainment side, there were two apps that particularly impressed. One, meant for children, was based on Eric Carle’s classic children’s book, The Very Hungry Caterpillar. A plushy toy crawled around, munching on apples or pears or strawberries dropped by the player. Anyone who’s spent time around a small child knows the fascination smartphones already hold for them — but the ability to suddenly turn their living room into a small world of fruit trees, caterpillars, and eventually, butterflies was stunning. Barry O’Neill, Touch Press CEO and creator of the app, said children tended to interact with their parents a lot more while using the app, versus the zombie stare that screen time can sometimes induce.
Early iPhone games mainly attempted to either re-create gamepads on screen, or use your pointer finger as a mouse. Then someone realized how satisfying pulling back, releasing, and destroying buildings was, and Angry Birds was born. Or that carrying a camera around in your pocket all the time meant that you could have a running feed of an idealized version of your life, and you get Instagram. By using ARKit and putting it on so many iPhones all at once, Apple has a good chance at allowing developers to be the first to come up with that sea-change moment.
The demos shown were very impressive, but phone- and tablet-based AR is very much in its infancy. Many of the apps shown were built in a matter of weeks. But with hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads capable of running these AR apps relatively soon, I think the vocabulary of AR is going to expand at a tremendous pace, the same way our use of touchscreens and smartphones has wildly shifted.
As the unveiling of the new iPhones gets closer, the rumors get both more precise and slightly well, more, banal. Mark Gurman at Bloomberg has the latest about what to expect from the iPhone 8, the high-end phone Apple will be selling alongside the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus.
The biggest things longtime iPhone owners may notice: There will be no home button. Home buttons have been disappearing from Android phones for a while, but the basic concept has remained: a spot in the lower middle of the screen that returns you back to the home screen. Sure, the iPhone 7 saw the physical home button replaced by a fingerprint reader with some haptic feedback built in, but, per Gurman, there won’t even be a digital home button on the iPhone 8. Instead, there will be a “software bar” that will use gesture controls. Perhaps I haven’t had quite enough coffee yet, but I can’t picture what exactly this software bar will be. From Bloomberg:
If you can understand what that will look like and how it will function, please email me at jake.swearingen@nymag.com. MS Paint illustrations would be appreciated. Update: Extremely helpful reader Leoberto J. P. Juniorn sent in this, which may partially explain what the software bar would do:
The rest of the news is largely things we’ve already heard about the iPhone. It’ll have an OLED screen that’ll go edge-to-edge, but that OLED screen won’t be curved like Samsung’s recent phones. It’ll likely have wireless inductive charging and facial recognition (and likely no fingerprint scanner). It’ll cost $999.
This isn’t to take anything away from what Apple is attempting to do with the iPhone 8! It represents, by far, the biggest design shift its flagship smartphone has seen since it debuted, ten years ago. It’s just that at this stage in the rumor cycle, the phones are largely being made, leaks have slowed down, and — for the most part — Apple addicts will likely have to wait until September 12, when Apple will reportedly hold its big event showing off its new iPhones, Watches, and Apple TVs.
And regardless if the rumor mill is slowing down a bit, I’d be willing to bet my next paycheck that the iPhone 8 is crazily sold-out for months to come. If you’re serious about seeing what the very top end of Apple’s iPhone looks and feels like, get ready to hammer that preorder button and line up outside your local Apple store this fall.
On an internet that’s often oppressively awful, the Facebook group “Dogspotting” remains a beacon of compassion, kindness, and, of course, photos and videos of dogs. Even better, sometimes those photos are accompanied by stories — like the tale of Kate Griffin, her cockapoo Cami, and their decadelong separation. Griffin’s tale went viral yesterday, for reasons you and your tear ducts will quickly understand.
“I was walking back from picking up my Starbucks and I saw these two dogs across the street. One was a bigger black shaggy dog looked like a German shepherd mix and then there was the smaller caramel-colored one,” Griffin said. “I instantly started looking at her.” Griffin immediately started wondering if the little dog was Cami, though she thought it wasn’t likely since Cami would be nearly 15 years old now. “I debated back in forth in my head if I should cross the street,” she said. “I just decided, hell, I’m doing it.”
Griffin said she tried to “act casual,” telling the woman walking the dogs how cute they were and asking about their names. The woman told her the bigger dog was named Riley, and the other, the other was Cami. “I froze. I just said, ‘Oh my god, I think that’s my dog. I think this is my dog,’” Griffin said. “The walker looked at me kind of confused and said, ‘She’s 15, she’s a sweetheart, a family got them from another family who had to give her away.’ And I just said ‘My family had to give away my puppy. This is her.’”
The two continued walking and finally reached Cami’s house. “I swear Cami turned a little to walk up the sidewalk. Because it’s the same house she grew up in. That’s when I had to say good-bye and I went up and snuggled her and said thank you again to the woman and told her how much it meant to me.” Griffin said she didn’t get any contact information for Cami’s owners and doesn’t think she’ll see her again. “I think it’s for the best. I really felt like this was a sign because I’m planning on moving into the city soon and so I won’t even be in Park Ridge [Griffin’s childhood neighborhood] much anymore. I’m just happy I got to see her one last time.”
The story starts ten years ago, when Griffin’s parents got divorced and decided that, given the back and forth of joint custody, Cami needed to be given away to a more stable home. A family babysitter found the dog a permanent family, and that was the last time Griffin and her sister ever saw Cami. “We were totally blindsided, but my mom said it was for the best,” Griffin said. That was just over ten years ago and Griffin, now 24, had, understandably, long since abandoned hope of ever seeing Cami again. Until Tuesday, when she was walking through her neighborhood in Illinois and spotted a dog she thought just might be her old puppy.
Cami and Griffin took a picture together — which later went viral after Griffin posted in Dogspotting — and the walker let Griffin walk Cami for a bit. “I sat down next to her and just kept saying ‘Cami!’ and eventually she walked over and started licking my face,” Griffin said. “She looked right at me and I almost lost it. I had to keep myself together and just tried to stay in the moment to be happy about seeing her and not sad about how long it had been.”
Amid the hiring of a new CEO for Uber — current Expedia CEO Dara Khosrowshahi will be taking over the role — Benchmark Capital, a major Uber investor with a seat on the company’s board, is suing former CEO and Uber founder Travis Kalanick. The suit alleges that Kalanick committed fraud and breached both his fiduciary duties and his contract. Today, venture capitalist Shervin Pishevar — who was named in a now-settled lawsuit over at Hyperloop One last year, which alleged that he’d dated the company’s PR person and given her a significant raise — penned a truly, let’s say, literary statement defending Kalanick and railing against Benchmark. (TechCrunch reports that the statement was sent to Kalanick’s legal team to “inspire them.”)
From Pishevar, via TechCrunch:
Pishevar’s statement is a baroque masterpiece. Let’s count through the instances of figurative language, shall we?
1. Swimming in a crucible … of a battle? “When we find ourselves swimming in the crucible of one of the grandest business and moral battles of our generation.”
(For those counting, this is, at least, a triply mixed metaphor.)
2. Pen strokes. “Find strength in each stroke of our proverbial digital pens.”
(This is how I’m going to describe my job as a blogger the next time one of my parent’s friends ask what I do for a living.)
3. Righteous ink! “The indelible, eternal and permanent ink of righteousness.”
4. Taxi shackles and moral pollution. “We write with the souls of thousands of lives saved, the lives of millions of jobs created liberating multitudes of drivers from the shackles of servitude to iniquitous taxi cartels of corrupt cabals that choked cities with their pollution of air and morals.”
5. An unholy alliance. “Their allegiance was met by this unholy alliance of perfidious greed devolving rapidly into the audacity of vituperative unparalleled predatory rapacity.”
Okay, this one is less metaphor than it is tongue twister. Please say “audacity of vituperative unparalleled predatory rapacity” ten times fast.
6. Flinging filings! “Let our just cause give pause to those who would ever dream of ever emulating the shameful shenanigans of these sanctimonious hypocrites who fling filings and letters de haut en bas.”
7. Enemies exposed as … barons? “Our letters and filing will hail down upon their platforms, exposing them as bitterly barren barons of moral turpitude.”
8. Stewards of truth. “Let us be steward of truth who in unison proclaim: fiat justitia ruat caelum.”
Later on Wednesday, Pishevar told CNBC that he is excited by the prospect of Uber’s new CEO. “His [Khosrowshahi’s] family is also really a crown jewel of our community,” Pishevar said. (Both men were born in Iran.) “Many, many of his family, his cousins, have been contributing to our country, to America, in such amazing ways. And we are all very proud that he has accepted and joined to lead Uber into its next phase of growth.”
Lynn’s endorsement of the EU decision ran into a bit of a snag, however. Google is a major donor to New America, and Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt chaired the organization until 2016. According to the New York Times, New America’s president Anne-Marie Slaughter spoke to Lynn a few days later and wrote in an email that New America and Open Markets would be ending their partnership.
Some context: At the end of June, Google was slapped with a $2.7 billion fine from the European Union for prioritizing its first-party services in search results (e.g., searching for email would bring up Gmail in one of the top spots). At the time of the decision, Barry Lynn, the director of the New America think tank’s Open Markets program, congratulated the EU. “Google’s market power is one of the most critical challenges for competition policymakers in the world today,” he wrote at the time. “By requiring that Google give equal treatment to rival services instead of privileging its own, [EU Commissioner Margrethe] Vestager is protecting the free flow of information and commerce upon which all democracies depend.”
Google is a multi-billion-dollar advertising company, but because it controls a huge portion of the globe’s flow of information, it’s managed to represent itself as something more — an elite institution dedicated to furthering human knowledge and encouraging freedom. Its parent company Alphabet funds, sometimes at a loss, scientific “moonshots”; one subsidiary, Jigsaw, is devoted to developing technologies that will “make people in the world safer”; and it funds scholarly research and think tanks, like the New America Foundation, that help develop policy for the 21st century.
But for all this (no doubt honestly believed) purposefulness, Google is still at its core a profit-seeking advertising company, and its quest to enable the flow of ideas and information seems to stop short in a couple places — in particular, near information about the company’s power, and the idea that Google is an anti-competitive monopoly hurting the economy.
Over email, Slaughter wrote that the decision to part ways was not based on Open Markets’ work, but that Lynn was “imperiling the institution as a whole.”
In a limp response to the Times report, Slaughter said that she had been working with Lynn over the past two months to spin Open Markets off. She did not dispute the quoted emails in the article, but said that they were taken out of context.
Why then did this particular statement from Open Markets cause a rift? After all, as Slaughter points out, “After more than 10 years of doing strong policy work at New America, Open Markets’ position is not news to Google.” The difference is that, stuck with a $2.7 billion fine, Google and Schmidt are now feeling substantial tangible effects of Open Markets’ work. Calling Google a search-engine monopoly (and a duopoly, alongside Facebook, in online advertising) is fine for the company, so long as it’s just a PR problem and some slap-on-the-wrist regulatory fines to ride out.
But as the EU continues flexing its regulatory muscle, and American politicians start looking at the situation more critically, thorough study of the tech industry’s monopolistic presence becomes less of a theoretical hazard and more real. Lynn’s contentious blog post wasn’t just advocating for new rules, it was applauding punishment that a growing number of industry watchers would say that Google deserved.
The sequence of events is circumstantial but highly suspicious, because Google’s attempts to influence policy and regulation are far from secret. More than any other tech company, Google spends millions on lobbying and think tanks. It’s particularly aggressive meddling in the halls of power has also led it down more dubious paths, like funding academics, sometimes undisclosed, to produce papers favorable to Google’s policy aims.
The Open Markets group led by Lynn contains many of the most respected voices in an increasingly prominent discussion about technology and telecom monopolies, and its findings about corporate consolidation and monopolistic power have been extremely influential in turning antitrust into an important policy issue — to the extent that the Democratic Party has included stricter antitrust regulation as a plank in its platform for 2018.
Google and its cohort of market-dominant tech giants have long sold themselves as benevolent corporate stewards. “Don’t be evil” used to be the company’s unofficial motto (key words: “used to be”). But directly funding that sort of open criticism serves only one of Google’s two main interests, which are the publicly stated goal of making information widely available, and the privately stated goal of making a ton of money. Google’s technocratic altruism is now starting to affect its business, and Eric Schmidt can’t have that. It’s not hard to see which of Google’s twin goals it loves more.
On Wednesday, the New York Times ran an op-ed written by Erik Prince, the founder of the infamous private military contractor formerly known as Blackwater, entitled “Contractors, Not Troops, Will Save Afghanistan.” Setting aside the nonexistent merits of turning Afghanistan over to a mercenary army with a lengthy history of wanton civil-rights abuses, it is a … fascinating opinion, from a man who would stand to make a great deal of money were it adopted by the government. Allowing a distinctly unpleasant person to make a serious argument for his own enrichment in the pages of the paper of record? Why, it’s almost like …
All the memes that’s fit to print
Earlier this week, Selena Gomez — the most followed person on Instagram — was hacked. For a brief period of time, before Instagram stepped in, Gomez’s account had posted several naked pictures of her ex, Justin Bieber. Now, Instagram is warning “high-profile users” that a hacker uncovered a bug on the platform and was able to access personal data, Variety reports.
It’s unclear if Gomez was part of this hack or if she just happened to have her account breached in the same week. “We recently discovered that one or more individuals obtained unlawful access to a number of high-profile Instagram users’ contact information — specifically email address and phone number — by exploiting a bug in an Instagram API,” Instagram told Variety. The bug has since been fixed and Instagram is not commenting on whose accounts were compromised.
If you think you might have been compromised — so you agree, you think you’re a high-profile user — the first thing you should do is go change your password. Preferably to a secure string of numbers, letters, and symbols that will be hard for you to remember, but also harder to hack. (If you’re not already using a password manager, it might be time to take the plunge. Start here.) Once you’ve changed your password, make sure you’ve turned on two-factor authentication. Though, chances are good, that you’re not a “high-profile user” and your account is safe. Today, at least.
When Corey Payne and Kayla Harris stared into the sun to watch the solar eclipse earlier this month, they thought they were totally safe. Both were wearing a pair of protective glasses purchased on Amazon at the beginning of August. But hours later, Reuters reports, the couple began to think something might be wrong. They each had headaches and watery vision, and several days later their vision had become blurry and distorted, Reuters also reports. Now, Payne and Harris are suing Amazon over the glasses they thought would protect them from the very eye damage they allegedly sustained.
The suit was filed on Tuesday in South Carolina. On August 10, Amazon issued a recall on all eclipse glasses the company couldn’t verify were NASA-approved and thus might not be safe to use. It seems like Payne and Harris’s glasses might have fallen into that category, but they claim to have never received any information telling them not to use the glasses. Select All has reached out to Amazon for comment and will update this post if we hear back. It’s unclear if using the defective glasses was a better or worse move than Trump just opting to forgo the glasses altogether and briefly stare at the eclipse with his naked eyes.
It’s been a little over a year since Instagram rolled out Stories on its app. Starting today, you’ll no longer be limited to viewing Stories only on your phone. Instagram is rolling out a new feature for its website, so you’ll be able to view Stories on desktop and mobile web. The rollout will be gradual and will be available to all users in the next few weeks, the company explained on its blog.
Stories, like they are in the app, will be visible at the top of your feed. To view one, you’ll click on it and use left and right arrows to tap between Stories or go back and rewatch something. Right now, the new feature only lets you view Stories, but Instagram says users will also be able to upload directly from mobile — just mobile, not desktop — web platforms in coming months. Your move, Snapchat.
There’s some slight evidence for this, in that Zuckerberg’s wife, Priscilla Chan, has joined him on the list of Unblockables. In January, we noted that she could be blocked, but she cannot be any longer. It might have something to do with the couple’s recent announcement of the birth of their second child, punting them into more users’ News Feeds.
In reality, and you’ll have to take Facebook’s word for it, this is more of a glitch. Responding to an inquiry from Fast Company, “a spokesperson explained that when an account gets blocked many times in a short period, others trying to block the account may get an error message.” In other words, so many people are trying to block Mark Zuckerberg that the blocking mechanism is overloaded.
It’s been known for a while that you cannot block Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook. Attempting to do so pops up a message that vaguely reads, “This profile can’t be blocked for now.” Mysterious, but given Zuck’s recent turn toward global statesmanship, it wouldn’t be too surprising for him to have a feature that ensures he can get the word out to everyone.
Imagine having such a sprawling global reach that you’re able to override the technical safeguards meant to stop the spread of your content. Aspirational, in a way.
Following the Post story, Tisch responded in a blog post on the NYPD website, pointing out a fact that the Post didn’t — the NYPD contract “provided for the smartphones at no cost,” and “allowed for the NYPD to replace the smartphones with devices of our choosing two years later, also at no cost.” She continues:
This post has been updated to include Jessica Tisch’s response to the Post article.
The best optical illusions are the dumb ones. The ones where you stare and stare and when you finally see it, you feel, well, dumb. The cigar shoved into a brick wall. The legs covered in paint. The blurry ham. All dumb, good illusions. Today’s newest addition to the dumb-good category is this dude riding the subway wearing a pair of socks that match the subway floor. It only works for the briefest of seconds, but for that fleeting moment before your brain remembers that patterned socks and ankles exist, it looks like this guy’s pants are floating above his shoes.
Perhaps disappearing-ankle guy and missing-leg girl — another good illusion — could be friends.
After bidding his friends and family a dramatic and tasteless farewell — Hurricane Harvey has killed over 30 people — and setting off on the “dangerous mission” of driving from California to Houston to “save lives,” Jake Paul arrived in Texas this week. But his attempts to buy supplies and load up U-Haul trucks to bring to Harvey victims were tempered by his legion of fans who showed up, in droves, at the San Antonio Wal-Mart where Paul was shopping. An army of Jake Paulers — which is, admittedly a slightly better stan name than the Logangsters, who are fans of Paul’s brother Logan — took over the store parking lot. (These are the same fans who often mobbed Paul’s street at his house in L.A., prompting his neighbors to file a formal complaint against the social-media star.)
A second video from KENS-5 — a Texas news outlet that certainly shouldn’t have to be covering a social-media star wreaking havoc amid a genuine crisis — also shows Paul leaning out the side of his truck trying to push fans out of the way so the vehicle could drive off. A different video, posted on YouTube by a Team 10 (Paul’s social-media incubator) fan account, shows the truck driving away with fans clinging to it and to the Jet Skis and trailer attached to the back. (The same video also claims Paul ran over several fans and later shows emergency services in the Wal-Mart parking lot.) KEN- 5 reports 20 police officers were called to the scene to control the chaos. The fire department was also called after someone started setting off fireworks.
Video from KENS-5 shows Paul standing on top of his truck and yelling at the crowd and telling them they are behaving like “animals.” “Everyone calm down, we’re not here for a meet and greet,” Paul said. “We’re here to get supplies to the people in Hurricane Harvey. How are we going to help them if you guys are like … punching each other.” His pleas for people to “evacuate” appeared to go completely unheeded.
DramaAlert, a popular YouTube account devoted to intra-YouTube drama, notes that the Wal-Mart was so inundated by Jake Paulers that the entire store was forced to shut down. Meanwhile, the latest from Paul himself is short clip on his Instagram Story of Jet Skis floating in floodwaters. “Update, still going,” Paul says in the video.
Attention, significant others everywhere, the bar has officially been raised. If your partner goes to get a manicure and you are not sitting beside them tenderly hand feeding them chicken nuggets, you are not doing enough. The particular scene was captured by an onlooker at a nail salon earlier this week, in Orange County, by 19-year-old Lea Adame. Adame told BuzzFeed she could overhear the couple’s conversation and figured out the guy was meeting his girlfriend’s mother — the manicurist in the photo — for the first time. Which he did with nuggets in hand.
BuzzFeed also tracked down the couple in the photo. Turns out the boyfriend, Sam Huynh, was feeding his girlfriend Aubrey Yip because she was getting ready for a power-lifting competition. Glad to see the nugget Twitter news cycle has finally moved on from that Carter kid.
It only took a few weeks, but Donald Trump has finally learned the difference between “heel” and “heal.” He properly used the latter in a tweet on Friday morning with some observations after his visit to Texas amid Hurricane Harvey, “Texas is healing fast.” But that didn’t stop people in the replies from mocking Trump’s well-documented history of Twitter typos. Including one tweet that called Trump “not Presidential material,” which Trump then, for reasons unknown, faved.
It’s one of just 14 tweets the president has faved from his personal account. The majority of the others are from family members and allies — Donald Jr., Melania, Ivanka, Mike Pence, and Fox & Friends — though his first fave, a tweet from back in 2013, calls Trump out as “self-possessed,” not “self-aware,” and having “hurt the GOP.” Perhaps Melania Trump — who once sub-faved Donald by liking a tweet about her secretly hating him — could teach her husband a thing or two about how Twitter works. Actually, perhaps anybody who has ever used Twitter ever could teach him a few things.
Google denies actively lobbying to get Open Markets shut down (something the original New York Times report never asserted), and there’s no reason not to believe it. When you hold the purse strings, you only need to express displeasure, as Eric Schmidt reportedly did. Just the specter of losing favor with Google was enough to give New America pause.
After the New America story broke, reporter Kashmir Hill shared her own story about Google’s muscle-flexing. In 2011, as Google was pumping resources into its social network, Google+, the company told Hill that pages with a +1 share button would rank higher in search. In other words, Google was using its dominance of the search-engine market to force websites to push its social network, and Hill wrote a — frankly, fairly mild — blog post explaining this dynamic. When the company complained to Forbes, claiming that the information was under NDA (it wasn’t), the site took the article down.
In late June, Barry Lynn, head of the Open Markets program at the left-leaning think tank New America, released a statement applauding a $2.7 billion penalty against Google for monopoly practices. But, whoops, Google, and its executive chairman Eric Schmidt, give millions of dollars to fund New America. Shortly thereafter, New America’s leader, Anne-Marie Slaughter, decided that it was time to part ways with Open Markets. Emails between Lynn and Slaughter show that Slaughter was, at the very least, aware that Open Markets’ stance on Google could affect the think tank’s ability to solicit funding.
The problem with the technology giants that dominate the internet economy is, they don’t quite fit American understandings of monopoly power. Facebook and Google offer free products. Amazon’s prices are often the lowest. It’s hard to establish that these companies’ practices have ill effects on consumers, which is the classic standard for antitrust in America.
But it’d also be a mistake to imagine that the direct or indirect suppression of arguments that Google has become too powerful is the only, or even the worst, effect of its power. In a long post on Talking Points Memo, Josh Marshall lays out the ways that Google has inserted itself, on multiple levels, into the business and commerce infrastructure that web-based publishers rely on to survive: “1) The system for running ads, 2) the top purchaser of ads, 3) the most pervasive audience data service, 4) all search, 5) our email.” Facebook wields similar power, on both business and personal levels: Priority placement in Facebook’s free News Feed costs advertisers and businesses money, and they can change how effective those ad spends are and how much attention users that don’t pay up receive. Organic referrals (ones that are not paid for) have been falling for years. Facebook also controls what is likely your most fleshed-out “social graph,” a.k.a. your friends list. You can’t port that list over to another service by any method other than manually. You’re captive.
This is why it’s important to hear stories like Lynn’s and Hill’s, which help establish that companies like Google do produce ill effects, even if their products are free and generally well-liked by consumers. They’re morality plays that establish, in clear terms, the corrupting influence of institutions that have become too powerful, which is the central charge that is laid against Google when it’s called a monopoly.
There are many concerns about concentrated, centralized power in tech, but that’s the rub. These companies are big enough, and have so many clients and users, that steamrolling an infinitesimal proportion of them in order to retain power is not a concern. (In all likelihood, they won’t even notice.) They have everyone captive and they set the terms, be it for ad sales, hosting, or your social graph. They are so large that they’re not scared of users fleeing or outrage, because those users will keep coming back anyway. To leave these services is a burden only the truly committed are willing to suffer. The only thing tech companies fear is the punishment of government regulation. More and more these days, that seems like an actual possibility.
And the cost of this size and ubiquity is less price gouging or aggressive bullying than it is simply finding yourself caught up in a much bigger and more powerful system that’s blind to your existential needs. TPM has received warnings for presenting Google-fostered ads alongside hate speech, though the hate speech was in the context of reporting on Charleston shooter Dylann Roof. Marshall writes, “I’d say our worst experiences with Google — and to be fair, none have been that bad — have been cases like these where Google is so big and its customers and products (people are products) are so distant from its concerns that we’ve gotten caught up in or whiplashed by rules that simply didn’t make any sense.”
A viral photo of Houston-area nursing-home residents chest-deep in floodwater reached a happy conclusion when it was reported that the entire home was evacuated safely. But one question remained: What about the cat in the photo? Dozens of readers emailed journalist John Ferguson to ask about the nursing home’s feline resident, prompting a lesson: “Always ask about the cat.” For the record: It was evacuated, and is fine.
Here’s hoping that all the post-Harvey pet-and-owner reunions are as joyful as this Chicago woman who reunited with her long-lost dog after ten years earlier this week.
Once upon a time, YouTuber, ex–Disney Channel star, and self-promoting hurricane-relief worker Jake Paul used to date fellow internet celebrity Alissa Violet. The pair broke up — Violet later alleged that Paul had been emotionally and physically abusive — prompting a whole bunch of internet drama and, well, music videos. (You guys, 2017 is wild.) Paul and his Team 10 (Paul’s social-media incubator) friends created a music video called “It’s Everyday Bro.” (The song’s title is Paul’s motto, a play on his commitment to vlogging daily.) The video made references to Violet and Paul’s falling out, which ultimately led to Violet being kicked out of the Team 10 house. The track, which dropped back in May, reached spot number 94 on the Hot 100 list, according to Billboard.
In that same spirit, we present to you some of Hurricane Harvey’s most daring animal-rescue efforts. Despite Jake Paul’s best efforts, Harvey continues to wreak havoc in Texas. Neighborhoods are still underwater and many people have been displaced from their homes, and will likely remain so for some time, until the extensive damage can be repaired. Since Harvey hit land last week, countless creatures have been bravely rescued and brought to safety, many by total strangers just trying to lend a hand.
If you’re a pet person, we suggest grabbing a box of Kleenex now before you continue reading — and donating $10 for every tissue you go through to one of the local organizations assisting in Harvey relief listed here.
Violet, working with fellow YouTuber RiceGum, was quick to respond with a track of her own. “It’s EveryNight Sis.” Verses call out Jake for being a cheater, a bully — a former classmate of Paul’s tweeted that he had been a victim when the two were in school — and for starring on a Disney show nobody has heard of. (He was later fired from said show.) There’s also a bit about him paying for sex and Jake’s brother Logan being a better kisser. Violet did not come to play.
Alarmed by the actions of the Trump administration once again, tech companies have written a strongly worded letter hoping to sway the president’s stance. Good luck!
Violet’s track, which dropped early in June, spiked again in August, after Paul and some of his Team 10 friends alleged that Violet’s new boyfriend, FaZe Banks, had assaulted Paul’s assistant in a Los Angeles club. This week, Billboard reports, the track debuted on the Hot 100 list. The future of music is doomed.
Speculation that Trump will rescind DACA is picking up ahead of an arbitrary September 5 deadline stated in a letter from Texas attorney general Ken Paxton. There’s that, plus Trump’s general anti-immigrant stance, and his fixation on undoing pretty much any regulation that Obama put in place, regardless of the consequence. As speculation about what Trump will do mounts, tech leaders have once again made their stance clear.
(For the record, at least one cat has been involved in charitable donations, too: Writer and comedian Rachel Millman raised more than $20,000 by offering photos of her cat Jerry “behaving badly” in exchange for receipts of charitable gifts.)
DACA, or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, is a program that allows undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. as children to register and secure a temporary reprieve from the threat of deportation. It is widely supported in the technology industry, which is itself reliant on immigrant labor, and thus has a general pro-immigration stance. Many large tech firms rely on the H-1B visa program to bring in skilled workers.
Mark Zuckerberg teared up when speaking about undocumented immigrants back in May, telling a crowd about a kid he taught. “If a high school senior who doesn’t know what the future holds can do his part to move the world forward, then we owe it to the world to do our part too.”
Last night, on Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote, “Dreamers have a special love for this country because they can’t take living here for granted. They understand all the opportunities they have and want nothing more than the chance to serve their country and their community. And Dreamers deserve that chance.” He called on Congress to finally pass the Dream Act.
He also linked to an open letter from tech leaders. In addition to Zuck, among the signatories are Jeff Bezos, Satya Nadella, Tim Cook, and Sundar Pichai. Making the economic case for keeping DACA — the nearly 800,00 Dreamers pay taxes and go to school, or are in the workforce — the letter concludes, “Dreamers are vital to the future of our companies and our economy. With them, we grow and create jobs. They are part of why we will continue to have a global competitive advantage.”
Mark Zuckerberg is (supposedly) not running for president. But he does have some thoughts on what the current president should be doing with the office. On Thursday, Zuckerberg posted a status supporting DACA — Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals — and urging Trump and his fellow politicians to keep legislation protecting Dreamers — undocumented immigrants younger than 35 who were brought to the United States by their parents — from deportation. (Trump’s decision on whether or not to end DACA, a program started by Obama, is expected sometime this weekend.) “We need a government that protects Dreamers. Today I join business leaders across the country in calling on our President to keep the DACA program in place and protect Dreamers from fear of deportation,” Zuckerberg wrote. “We’re also calling on Congress to finally pass the Dream Act or another permanent, legislative solution that Dreamers deserve.” When commenters criticized the CEO’s status, Zuckerberg jumped in to defend his statements and to defend Dreamers.
One commenter, Carl, griped that if Dreamers have lived in this country for years, they should have done “the work to become citizens.” Zuck wasn’t having it. “Carl: there is currently no pathway for undocumented immigrants to become citizens while living here. I’ve mentored a student who would like nothing more than to get his citizenship and maybe run for office one day, but he currently has no way to do that.” Another commenter, Laurie, complained about having to pay fines if she breaks laws, while undocumented immigrants aren’t subject to such penalties. “Laurie: you mention paying a fine, and the Dreamers have to pay a fee of $495 to get DACA status and each time their status is renewed,” Zuck replied. He also replied to comments about immigrants jumping fences. “It’s tough to jump over a fence when you’re 1 or 2 years old,” Zuckerberg wrote.
He also noted that in mentoring Dreamers, he’s seen “how deep their commitment is to this country and how much their education matters to them,” and that many of the Dreamers Zuckerberg knows are “in college studying computer science or working in the high tech jobs,” and that “a lot of these Dreamers are the immigrants you want in this country.” Which is, not to besmirch Zuckerberg’s defense of some critically important legislation, not just good for the country, but good for his business. The more people studying computer science and looking to work high-tech jobs, the better, as far as Facebook is concerned.
Despite all its ubiquity, Tinder had never been at the top of the App Store. But apparently, all the app needed was to introduce some new features; a week after Tinder introduced Tinder Gold, the app hit the No. 1 spot on the Apple App Store’s top-grossing list, TechCrunch reports.
If you want the absolute best smartphone money can buy right now, you should get a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (and no, this one won’t explode).
Its camera (well, cameras — there are two rear-facing lenses) allows for easy yet extremely polished shots. Its included stylus (the S Pen) is ingeniously fitted into the body of the phone, and legitimately makes small tasks — whether that’s jotting down a note, idly sketching away on that beautiful screen, or marking up a document — fun. And, for what it’s worth, I really, truly believe that Samsung has fixed its battery-supply-chain issues that led to the fiery recall. Mine, at least, has remained non-combusted.
But there are two things to consider before shelling out nearly $1,000 for the Note 8, which is available for preorder now, and ships September 15. (Prices vary by carrier, but expect to pay around $950 before taxes.)
The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is, to my eye, the clear winner. Multiple photos taken with the iPhone 7 Plus, on the left, came out looking dim and desaturated, with an overly blown-out background. The Pixel XL, in the middle, picked up the red of the peppers better, but the green of the leaves was more faded. The Note 8 did a better job at balancing out the multiple tones in the photo (and was significantly faster in taking and processing the photos as well). I found the same to be true for photos taken in regular daylight as well — while the Pixel sometimes looked slightly better, the Note 8 simply handled a wide gamut of colors more ably, without me needing to fiddle excessively with the settings.
More impressive is its own version of Apple’s “Portrait” mode, called “Live Focus.” In my testing of the phone versus the iPhone 7, I found it consistently took better photos and seemed less finicky about foreground photographic subjects. Here’s a photo taken by the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait mode, on the left, compared to a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 picture on the right.
You can see, if you look closely, that the software-enabled blur of the iPhone is catching the furthest left edge of a sunflower, warping the background images of our sitting porch. More importantly, the Note 8 was able to use its ersatz depth-of-field mode from further back, and the colors of the flowers and background were brighter as well. Finally, the ability to adjust how much background blur is applied after the fact, meaning a picture can either recede into blur or be completely in focus, allows for more fine-tuning. In practice, it meant Note 8 Live Focus photos that had a bit more feeling of place than Apple Portrait photos, which can have an unfortunate Mr. Magoo effect. These are small things — nobody on your Instagram feed will notice — but they do make the Note 8 more pleasant to shoot with, and its pictures more pleasant to look it.
First, on September 12, Apple will unveil its own new lineup of phones, and all these nice words I wrote could be worthless, depending on what Cupertino rolls out. Even worse? Samsung’s own Galaxy S8 Plus phones offer up compelling competition to the Note 8, at a fraction of the price.
There’s no way of getting around it: The Note 8 is large. The Samsung S8 Plus was already a large phone, and while the Note 8 isn’t much larger, I found it difficult to fit into the pockets of some pants. Samsung kindly provided a case while I was testing it, and the phone itself is slightly flatter. With less rounded side edges, it doesn’t feel quite as slippery to the touch as the S8, but my hands aren’t small, and I still felt a little nervous handling it too much (and found that reaching all the way to the top of the screen while holding the bottom was a tendon-stretching exercise). It also bites that the fingerprint reader is still near the dual cameras — nearly every other phone manufacturer has figured this out, why can’t Samsung? And I found its other biometric solutions — iris scanning and facial recognition — to be spotty at best, particularly since I wear glasses.
It also sports Bluetooth 5.0, which is fun but largely useless — even high-end wireless-headphones manufacturers haven’t moved over to that standard yet. And, as Samsung was happy to point out, the Note 8 comes with a 3.5 mm audio jack — no wireless listening required.
It, uh, continues to exist. I understand the business reasons for pouring resources into developing your own voice assistant, rather than just doing what nearly every other Android manufacturer does and using Google Assistant. But that doesn’t mean I enjoy using it, or don’t resent having a dedicated physical button on the phone that just brings up Bixby, instead of, say, that beautiful camera. And despite finally bringing voice functionality, nearly four months after Samsung said it would, to the phone, it remains largely useless for doing much more than dimming the screen, trying to sell me Samsung wallpapers for $0.99, or voice-searching through photos (which it still had real trouble doing — sometimes, it seemed able to recognize a guitar, other times, it didn’t at all). Bixby is almost cute in its eagerness to help — you even earn “Bixby XP” for helping it learn — but it’s cute in the way puppies are cute when they try to run and keep falling over. Charming, but not something that makes a phone worth nearly $1,000.
The Note 8’s 6.3-inch diagonal screen is, without question, beautiful. There isn’t a better-looking screen on the market. It continues the “Infinity View” — where side bezels disappear into curving glass, and top and bottom bezels shrink down to the size of a couple of matchsticks — seen in the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, while slightly flattening out the edges. Put on Planet Earth II and prepare to be amazed.
Speaking of paying nearly $1,000 for the Note 8? Everything the Note 8 does, except for having a stylus and dual-rear cameras, the Samsung S8 Plus does — even its screen is 6.2 inches to the Note’s 6.3-inch screen, though there are some slight variations in the curving of the glass. It’s internal specs are nearly identical, down to the processor and battery life. The Note 8 does sport 6 GB of RAM, compared to the S8 Plus’s 4 GB, but that shouldn’t make much of a difference in modern smartphones. And remember all those shots of peppers I took in the dim early light? On a whim, I shot one with a Samsung 8 Plus as well. It came out just as good — if not slightly better — as the Note 8’s.
Even ignoring whether you’d be willing to pay $500 more for a phone with a better camera and a stylus, there’s the problem of Apple. The main phone I’m testing against came out a year ago. People who love Samsung’s Note series truly love these phones, and there’s a lot to be said for the relative freedom of the Android OS, compared to Apple’s iOS. And nobody knows exactly what the iPhone 8 (or iPhone X or iPhone Pro or whatever they end up calling it) will be. But it will mark a new direction for Apple, the company aggressively staking out the high end of the smartphone market.
The Note 8 is an incredible phone, and the exact follow-up Samsung needed after the disaster of the Note 7. But will it be the phone for you? The camera is superb — to my nonprofessional eye, it’s the best I’ve used on a phone yet, even better than the exceptional camera on the Google Pixel. Its screen is beautiful. The stylus is pragmatic and, frankly, fun. But unless you are a dedicated Note fan — one of those people who already preordered and knows exactly what color they’re getting — I can’t in good conscience recommend buying the Note 8 right now. The Samsung S8 and S8 Plus both offer largely the same functionality and aesthetics at nearly half the price. And Apple seems poised to release something that could make the Note 8’s reign as the best phone on the market a short one. Talk to me in six months.
So, you have a choice to make: Can you live without a stylus and dual-rear cameras? Or, put another way, are they worth nearly $500? Samsung, intentionally or not, is offering up a phone that is nearly as good for half the price.
The Samsung S8 Plus is already seeing deep discounts just six months after its debut. The same could easily happen to the Note 8. Apple products, meanwhile, almost never go on discount until they roll out next year’s lineup of phones. You may see Apple’s newest phone and decide it’s not for you — but it still may be worth it to limp along on what you have, and pick up a discounted Note 8 in February.
As for making and receiving calls, it can do that. Virtually any phone you can buy on the market, including the Jitterbug, can make and receive phone calls just fine. But I usually get one or two emails after reviewing a phone, from people with AOL email addresses, reminding me that people still use phones as phones. So: These work as phones.
Tinder Gold is Tinder’s new subscription user tier. It was available in select parts of the world prior to last week’s release across the United States. Membership costs about $5 per month — this price is still in flux — and comes with unlimited likes, five daily “super likes” (if you “super like” someone, they get a notification before they swipe on your profile), and “rewind,” the option to go back to a profile if you accidentally swipe left or change your mind. Gold members are also notified if somebody likes them before they swipe, which makes $5 seem like a bargain if you’re using Tinder regularly to find, um, dates.
Despite what Steve Jobs may have said about styli, I find the S Pen useful — and it likely remains one of the main selling points for dedicated Note 8 fans. There are times when I want to jot down notes quickly, and I simply write (sloppy) shorthand faster than I can thumb type. The fact that you can use it to do other things, like edit images, capture bits of your screen, or simply use it as an ultraprecise pointer, are added bonuses. I found myself surreptitiously sketching people on the bus, something I hadn’t done since college. And the S Pen slips right back into the bottom of the phone — I had to show people where the S Pen was hidden. Compared to what Apple and Microsoft have done with their own styli, there’s an ever-so-slight lag between the pen and the screen, but it’s the type of thing only someone with a Wacom tablet would notice.
There are two of them on the back, and they’re beauties. One is a telephoto lens that allows for optical zoom, the other is a fish-eyes lens that allows for wide shots. Combined, they shine in low-light situations: Observe these three photos taken at early dawn by, from left to right, the iPhone 7 Plus, the Pixel XL, and the Samsung Galaxy Note 8. I took all three pretty much as you’d snap a photo in your day-to-day life — I tapped the phone’s screen on the pepper to allow the cameras’ sensors to adjust, and then snapped away.
If you were fortunate enough to spend the holiday weekend outside of the toilet bowl that is Twitter, then you are also fortunate enough to not know a single thing about Verrit. If the start-up-y spelling of a Latin word root hasn’t tipped you off, Verrit is a, let’s say, misguided technology venture that was suddenly and surprisingly endorsed by Hillary Clinton over the weekend.
“I’m excited to sign up for @Verrit, a media platform for the 65.8 million! Will you join me and sign up too?” she tweeted, like someone who needed a bit of hockey-stick growth before taking a few series-A meetings. Let’s dive in.
What is Verrit?Okay, so there are a couple of answers to this. At a surface level, Verrit is a website for … authenticating facts, I guess? It describes itself like this: “Verrit collects and contextualizes noteworthy facts, stats, and quotes for politically engaged citizens. Each ‘verrit’ is a verified item of information marked with a 7-digit identification code.” In practice, what this means is that Verrit produces little graphics with quotations and factoids on them, and then tweets them out with numbers, which you can use to “verify” that the quote, uh, came from Verrit. It’s like a shittier blockchain — a public record of information with a random string of numbers “authenticating” it. If the number is in the database, then it’s some sort of verified piece of info.
At a broader level, Verrit is a website started by Clinton digital strategist and entertainingly passionate Hillary defender Peter Daou, creator of the #HillaryMen hashtag, who seems to believe that the greatest threat facing this country besides Bernie Sanders supporters is the possibility that Vladimir Putin will tweet unverified and misattributed quotes. Verrit is the product of an unraveled mind that would prefer to relitigate the 2016 Democratic primary and general election until our sun burns out.
So Verrit is a database of facts?I mean, sure, it’s a database of facts in the way that Fox News is a news source and a hot dog is a sandwich — maybe technically, but not in spirit or in good faith. Verrit bills itself as “media for the 65.8 million [voters who chose Hillary Clinton],” so there’s a pretty clear political agenda at play here.
Admittedly, that’s cherry-picking, but it illustrates the silliness of the central premise of the site. The problem with the internet is not that there is no place to find verified “facts.” There are lots of facts online, and many of them are true! The problem with the internet is that people don’t agree on which facts are relevant, and also that digital-media hucksters keep trying to sell us deeply misguided “solutions” to problems that aren’t really problems.
It’s the kind of site where you’ll find verified facts like “Hillary Clinton Warned Against the ‘Incitement of Hatred’” (a warning she issued on … August 12, 2017). The site doesn’t host verified facts like “Hillary Clinton Called Black Children ‘Superpredators.’” Verrit is a site where “12% of Sanders supporters cast their vote for Trump over Clinton” is a fact with an authentication code, but “the majority of white women voted for Trump” isn’t.
But are the facts useful?No? I mean, they’re presented in a way that obfuscates rather than clarifies. For instance, one Verrit titled “Transgender Rights Are Under Siege in the U.S.” uses as its supporting fact, “In the United States, 1.4 million adults identify as transgender.” Those don’t exactly line up, though the attached blog post contains links to reports that better support the statement. (The thing is, nobody’s really going to read those blog posts. Verrit is premised on making branded, shareable JPEGs for social media.)
Verrits are useful talking points for anyone who is already in the Clinton wheelhouse, but the site is going to produce exactly zero converts. It’s for people who believe that Hillary Clinton lost not through a complex mélange of misogyny, bad campaign strategy, a decades-long political track record full of stumbles, and countless other aspects, but because Bernie Sanders was employed by Putin to disrupt the election by saying health care shouldn’t bankrupt anyone.
Who is writing these Verrits?Great question! I have no idea. Seems like a weird occlusion for a site that assigns serial numbers to quotes and statistics, as if that somehow makes them truer.
Why did Hillary Clinton endorse it on Twitter?I have no special insight into Hillary Clinton’s Twitter process, but, look, in her defense, no one tweets out links to stuff they really like on Sunday night over Labor Day weekend.
Liam Smyth needs your money. His cause is extremely just, assuming his tale is to be believed. Smyth is crowdfunding £200 on GoFundMe to fix his bathroom window, after a first date went very, very wrong. If you were to send a telegram explaining the night’s events, it would read, “Date. Threw poop. Body stuck in window. Fire department called.” We’ve got the luxury of a few more words, so let’s walk through the insane series of events that left Smyth with a broken window and in need of some cash.
Smyth’s Tinder date was going well when the pair decided to head back to his place “for a bottle of wine and a scientology documentary,” he explains on the campaign’s page. At one point, his date left to go to the bathroom. This is when things, literally, started going to shit. When the date came back, Smyth said she told him she had pooped and the toilet wouldn’t flush. Instead, she had decided to throw said feces out his bathroom window. Smyth played it cool, telling his date they could just go outside, clean up the poop, and return to their date. But as it turns out, Smyth’s bathroom window isn’t a real window. Instead, it leads to another piece of glass — which doesn’t open — creating a foot-wide shaft between the two.
“Being an amateur gymnast, she was convinced that she could reach into the window and pull the poo out,” Smyth writes. “She climbed in head first after her own turd, reached deeper into the window, bagged it up, and passed it out, over the top and back into the toilet from whence it came.” Then she tried to shimmy — this entire process is photo-documented — back out of the window. This part, reader, did not go so well. After 15 minutes, Smyth called the fire department, which came and rescued his date. (She remains anonymous because wouldn’t you want to be anonymous in this story.) The window was destroyed in the process.
Which is why Smyth needs your money. Estimates for repair are “north of £300” and Smyth says any money raised beyond those costs will be split between two charities. One that benefits the firefighters, and the other an organization that brings flushing toilets to communities in need.
Break out your way too chunky cardigans, pretend you haven’t already ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte (or two), and let that dude from Green Day sleep — September is here, guys. And that means that fall — which is arguably the best season of the year — is officially upon us (uncomfortably warm weather be damned).
It turns out that this year, living your best life — which, of course, means being absolutely surrounded by a bounty of luscious, crunchy, ruby-red fall leaves at all times — has never been easier. Thanks to Smokey Mountains’ new interactive fall-foliage map, you can track the illusive moment known only as “Peak Fall” on a day-by-day basis. (New York City, for example, will apparently be reaching Critical Fall Levels right around October 1, so mark your calendars.)
Now, you can finally have your fall aesthetic backed up by cold, hard data. Just like God the Great Pumpkin intended.
The map projects the amount of fall present in each and every county in the U.S., based on an algorithm that draws upon millions of data points from both historical trends and information from the National Weather Service.
It only took half a decade, but finally, someone has discovered a use for the Apple Watch, the watch made by Apple. The New York Times reports that the Boston Red Sox used the device to help steal hand signs from the New York Yankees. Personnel monitoring video would watch the catcher to see what signs he was giving to the pitcher and then send that on to the dugout, where an athletic trainer would relay information about upcoming pitches to players.
Hillary Clinton — maybe you’ve heard of her? — has a new book coming out in mid-September. Titled What Happened, the book chronicles, well, what happened to lead Clinton to lose the 2016 presidential election. While the full book isn’t available until September 12, a page from the forthcoming memoir leaked online earlier this week. In it, Clinton publishes, verbatim, a viral Facebook post which uses ponies to explain the fight between Clinton and Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination.
In the first game of the series last month, the Sox went five for eight when they had a player on second base, which is generally key to spying on hand signals. A player on second has the best shot at communicating information to the player at bat.
Major League Baseball told the Times that it had corroborated the claims with its own tape, and the Red Sox have filed a counterclaim that one of the Yankees’ television cameras is used to monitor hand signals. Apple, meanwhile, just got some juicy new material to turn into bad jokes at their keynote next week.
The post itself originated on Facebook in March of 2016 and was written by one Helen Stickler. You can read it here, but it’s essentially identical to the version in Clinton’s book. “US Uncut Headline: Congressional Inquiry Into Clinton’s Pony Lies. Twitter trending: #ponygate” were the two lines edited out for What Happened.
Stickler has since posted an update to her post after learning it was included in Clinton’s book. “I am amazed to find out that Hillary included my #ponygate meme in her upcoming book,” Stickler writes. “I gave it to her in a private note in May 2016, but she may have seen it around virally. So proud, for myself and the other ladies (and one gent) who contributed to the original thread that it came from!” (In the book, Clinton writes that someone “sent” her the Facebook post.) Congrats ladies (and one gent)! Hillary didn’t get to be president, but at least she’ll always have this post.
Look, I could explain this video to you. I could, but I won’t. Because that would ruin the two minutes of joy you are about to experience. All you need to know is there are some lovely Irish people, and their dog, and there is a bat flying around their kitchen. Get some headphones, position yourself in a space where you can ugly laugh with abandon, and have at it.
No bats were — we presume — harmed in the making of this video. (Actually we don’t know that at all, chances are good that bat died. Sorry bat, but accept our posthumous congrats for your work in the front-runner for the best comedy of 2017.)
If you shelled out for a rose gold iPhone, prepare to feel embarrassment. You might even say you’ll be blushing. [Editor’s note: This will be Jake’s last day and his Slack access has already been revoked.]
As these rumors tend to come about, it’s all in the manufacturing chain. Two SIM card holders were photographed, and one showed a version of gold that’s distinctively more, um, gold than that Apple’s rose gold color.
The gold in the SIM card appears to be a bit more russet in color than the rose gold. Extrapolating wildly, if the rose gold was a slightly understated form of conspicuous consumption (yes, my phone is rose gold — but it’s a very pale gold), the blush gold iPhones may signal Apple moving even more aggressively into iPhones — especially the iPhone 8 — as even more pure status-symbol and luxury items; something that Jony Ive has been pushing for internally for years. Regardless, these blush gold phones will sell like crazy.
There’ve been consistent rumors that the iPhone 8 will have new color options available, and new colors sell well — the jet black options of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were incredibly hard to come by for months.
Since introducing rose gold as an option for the iPhone 6s, it’s gained a certain amount of cachet with those who like their phone with a little more flair than the traditional silver or black.
If you’ve been anywhere near Gay Twitter™ today, you might have heard the name Parks Denton being murmured. If you’ve been to the heart of Gay Twitter™, you’ve heard the name shouted, chanted, and sung in three-part harmony. Parks Denton. Parks Denton! PARKS DENTON! The person who catfished the gays of Twitter and almost, almost got away with it.
It helped that Denton appeared to be cute. He’s deleted his Twitter account, but cached versions of his profile show off pictures of a white man with blue eyes, reddish-blond hair, and varying degrees of facial hair. They look to all be the same guy — the same guy who also appeared in a shirtless bed selfie Denton posted a few days ago.
Select All talked to one of Denton’s victims, Alex, who was supposed to meet Denton for drinks at a New York bar in August. Denton, obviously, never showed. Alex said he thought Denton was cute and DM’d him after “flirty Twitter interactions.” “We started talking, very basic conversations. I didn’t think anything of it. I’ve met probably 200 people, at least, through Twitter,” Alex said. “It wasn’t sketchy. We didn’t exchange photos. Nothing like that.” Sometime between their first DM and meeting IRL, Alex noticed that Denton had changed his profile picture. “My recollection is that he was dark-haired; he had an ear piercing, chest hair … to me, he looked half-Asian … he looked different. I thought he was handsome,” Alex explained. “At some point the week we were going to have a drink, his photo changed to the one you can see now with the blue eyes and the hat.”
Alex would turn out to be right. Last night, a group of Twitter users confronted Denton, who was apparently using photos of their friend, a real person who is very much not Parks Denton. “I do know the real person in the photos. He was my roommate when I lived in Brooklyn … and he is not Parks Denton,” Dara, one of his friends, told Select All. It seems that if you’re going to successfully catfish people, you might want to avoid stealing your photos from someone who people on Twitter might recognize.
While the world may never know for sure just who was behind Parks Denton — and who, if you sent him nudes, now has your nudes — the whole thing has been very good Twitter on an otherwise downer of a Wednesday.
If you have more money than any one person could ever spend, some issues with proving your machismo, and a wine cellar in the path of a hurricane that will cause untold damage and loss of life, you do what Richard Branson does: branding.
The rest of Twitter is less than impressed. (Also, dude, just evacuate like a normal person. A post-hurricane landscape isn’t a tropical paradise.)
Perhaps Branson is just hoping that post-Irma, he’ll be able to do some sweet windsurfing?
When he asked Denton about the new photo, Denton said it was just a “really good photo” a friend had recently taken of him in the park. (Editor’s note: Alex would like to go on the record and emphasize that the guy he fell for looked very different from the more recent photos of Denton. “I would not have messaged him, that whole blond, skinny thing is not my jam.”) Still, the two planned to meet for a drink. Denton texted the day of their plans and asked to push the drink back by a day. Alex agreed, but wound up drinking a beer by himself the next night. “I even posted a tweet that night that was like, ‘I think I was catfished,’” he said. “The whole thing was so weird for me because our messages weren’t sexual in any shape or form; it was just a friendly drink.”
Sarah, the best friend of the “real” “Parks Denton” (that is, the guy in the photos) tweeted several now-deleted photos of her and “real” “Denton.” She told Select All that the photos Denton used were stolen from Instagram. She also tracked him down on LinkedIn. “The Twitter account listed his past two places of work, so I just did a quick search on LinkedIn and found him,” Sarah told Select All. “We had mutual connections in the recruiting and advertising space, so I figured it was somewhat legitimate.”
Sarah said after she messaged Denton on LinkedIn about stealing her friend’s photos, the account was deleted.
Our sincerest apologies to whomever is running social for the Parks Department in Denton, Texas, today.
Additional reporting by E. Alex Jung.
The unspoken agreement that undergirds the advertising industry is that metrics are, at best, a guideline. Did a million people really watch that TV show, or see that blog post? Probably not, but if we all pretend it’s something close to that, we can keep paying our mortgages. The trouble is that the internet, and the increasingly powerful advertising duopoly of Facebook and Google, have always promised more accurate and precise metrics than traditional print or TV advertising. Only, Facebook has repeatedly miscalculated the audience metrics that companies rely on to make business decisions.
A new wrinkle in this ongoing cold war between platforms and their clients comes from a report by Pivotal Research. In it, it points out that Facebook claims to be able to reach more Americans between the ages of 18 and 34, a key demographic, than census data indicates exist. Facebook claims to reach 101 million 18–34-year-olds, as compared to the 2010 census’s 76 million.
Facebook told Reuters that its metrics “are designed to estimate how many people in a given area are eligible to see an ad a business might run. They are not designed to match population or census estimates.”
Facebook needs advertiser trust in order to sustain its business, but it’s a balancing act. The people making up the tracking systems need to pretend to be objective about it, even as they’re weighted to make Facebook seem as effective as possible.
There are a few things that could explain the discrepancy. Maybe it’s simple population growth, maybe Facebook users are lying about their age. Maybe the census is wrong. Facebook also uses location data, so maybe it’s counting young tourists accessing Facebook from devices in the U.S. Maybe! Who’s to say?
If you’re still asking yourself, “Whomst?” here’s the short of it. Several years back, a guy going by Parks Denton joined the platform and embedded himself within Gay Twitter™, the loose network of gay men on Twitter. He faved. He retweeted. He acquired 2,500 followers. He slid into DMs to discuss drama. And he also slid into DMs for, well, exactly what sliding into DMs was invented for. Put another way, this guy wasn’t just a ship passing through Gay Twitter™ in the night: His account was known by people in the know.
That guy, though? Is not “Parks Denton.” Neither is the “dark-haired” “half-Asian” guy who appeared in older photos on “Parks Denton’s” account. That’s because “Parks Denton” doesn’t exist.
But bathing suits are far from the only Instagram fashion operation with a low cost and high return on investment. In an awesome new essay, artist Jenny Odell takes a deep dive into the world of Instagram watches, and the tactics that mysterious salespeople use to sell the chintzy accessories.
If you use Instagram like any semblance of a normal person, you probably get ads for fashion. Maybe they’re brands you know, or maybe it’s some name you’ve never heard off, offering an amazing deal. A popular way to get customers is to offer an item for “free” (meaning free plus shipping and handling) and then spend a bit to advertise it in a bunch of feeds. This past spring, a “free” red bathing suit became a minor topic of conversation after it was suddenly everywhere on Instagram.
What is relatively new is how easy platforms have made it to run an operation like this. Firstly, the watches appear to be sourced from Alibaba, the Chinese web titan that makes it easy to order cheap stuff in bulk. That is then combined with Shopify, a shopping middleman that handles things like credit-card payments and order processing and passes that info directly to the Alibaba seller. In practice, it means that sites selling these watches never actually keep them in stock before they get sent to the customer. It’s known as drop shipping.
A number of sites, with generic names like Folsom & Co., Ottega, and SofiCoastal, all sell watches with the same basic strategy: free plus shipping (marked down from an arbitrary price), with a ticking clock showing when the deal supposedly expires, and live pop-ups of watches being sold in real time. These are all artificial sales tactics to force the sale, and they’re not all that new to online retail.
Combine the ability to run a lean sourcing-and-handling operation with the ability to easily target people over Instagram, and you’ve got a pretty simple business that almost runs itself. And if you can get aspiring influencers to do your advertising for you — which many of the watch sellers do — then all the better. All it really requires is some technical setup and someone willing to check Instagram a couple of times a day.
Whether these sites all belong to one person or several is unclear, but they’re good at covering their tracks, anonymizing their domain-name info, and each store uses a different Google Analytics ID. And more importantly, does it really matter? I don’t know who is expecting a top-quality product for only the price of shipping, but if you buy a $7 watch, you’re gonna end up with a $7 watch. Odell’s essay, worth reading in full, is here.
Facebook has confirmed to Congress that it did sell ads to a Russian government-affiliated internet operation, another step in the increased scrutiny Facebook has faced in the past year about its ability to be used to distort facts and as a tool for information warfare.
According to the Washington Post, Facebook told Congress that it sold $100,000 worth of ads to the Internet Research Agency, a Russian organization linked to the Kremlin but not a part of the Russian government. The IRA, as recounted in a 2015 New York Times article, is known for employing trolls to push pro-Kremlin talking points. Politico is reporting another $50,000 was found by Facebook from accounts that originated in Russia.
Still unknown: who those ads targeted and where the knowledge of whom to target came from. The disclosures further muddy the waters of the looming investigation into collusion with foreign agents that plagues the Trump White House. Facebook says it has no method of determining any possible coordination. At the very least, there is no benefit for the company to do so voluntarily and again damage the integrity of its ad product.
Parents, have you talked to your children about what to do if a stranger approaches them on the street? And have you taught them how to respond if the stranger has a cameraman accompanying him and is holding a microphone that says “Infowars” — the name of the conspiracy-ridden online “news” channel run by Alex Jones — on it?
Generally, stuff like this goes unnoticed in the crazy, dog-eat-dog world of Twitter, but this time, Deb actually chose to respond. (Probably from utter confusion at the CEO’s hysterical message.)
Turns out, Deb hadn’t tweeted anything about Daou whatsoever. What he did do (at least in the eyes of Trump-level-sensitive Daou) was much worse:
Facebook’s disclosure yesterday that thousands of dollars of political ads had been bought on the social network by a Kremlin-linked online influence operation, and a New York Times feature exposing the extent of Russia-linked fake Facebook accounts, seemed to confirm many people’s worst fears. For months, Facebook has faced scrutiny over how large-scale operations may have used the platform’s immense reach and its narrow targeting ability to influence voters amid the campaign, and since the election, even Facebook and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg have evolved from dismissing the platform’s potential role to admitting that it is vulnerable to manipulation and misuse.
And, yes, Facebook is very powerful, as are other social networks. Twitter is expected to present its own findings on foreign influence over its platform to Congress soon. (Though Twitter’s user base is considerably smaller than Facebook’s, a substantial proportion of its users get their news from the platform.) A new Pew Research poll released today says 74 percent of Twitter users get their news from the platform, as opposed to 45 percent of Facebook users. Regardless, the platforms are used heavily for political advertising, but not policed as heavily as old-school formats like radio and television.
What Facebook has said is that “the vast majority of ads run by these accounts didn’t specifically reference the US presidential election, voting or a particular candidate,” and that they “appeared to focus on amplifying divisive social and political messages across the ideological spectrum.”
The $150,000 in dubious ad spending is significant, in that it confirmed that Russia-linked agencies were buying election ads, but that dollar amount is a drop in a vast ocean of political ad spending. For perspective: Donald Trump’s campaign spent $90 million on digital ads. But it’s also a real possibility that more ads were bought through different channels, and the $150,000 was just the tip of the iceberg. It’s unclear how Facebook identified accounts tied to the Internet Research Agency, and it’s unclear if there are others waiting to be discovered. It’s an eternal game of Whac-a-Mole.
Facebook wants to have it both ways: It talks up the efficiency of its hyperspecific ad-targeting platform and its advanced AI functions, while also avoiding specifics when expedient. The company shrugs about its potential political influence, while simultaneously touting said influence.
Who was targeted?
The gap between salaries at the lowest level — the survey breaks down employees by seniority in six tiers “from entry-level data center workers at level one to managers and experienced engineers at level six” — in the survey is about $15,000, the Times reports. On every level, save for one, women make less money in annual salary than their male peers. At levels three through six, this amounts to thousands less per year — the widest spread being women at level four making $125,000 to men making $136,600 — than men. For bonuses, a level-one woman earns $3,500, while a man earns $6,900. Mid-level bonuses — levels three and four — have women ahead of men, but by level six, there is a $7,000 split ($40,700 for women to $47,800 for men). So much for that wage gap “myth,” eh James?
What this means is that it’s hard to tell when, where, or how the leaked data might be used against victims. And the structure of stolen data sales (not advertised by victim name) and the economics of it (data sold in bulk at high cost) means that it’s incredibly difficult to take preemptive action against identity theft. The sheer size of the data can lend false hope that hack victims are unlikely to be chosen as a identity-theft victims — but the only real solution is monitoring banks accounts and credit reports to make sure that nobody is misusing your information and then taking swift action if they do.
If you have nothing better to do with your afternoon, you can catch the livestream of Applepalooza 2017 here tomorrow, September 12, at 1o a.m. PT/1 p.m. ET. However, if you want to stay informed on the latest Apple news without watching it yourself, check out our coverage of the event here. We’ll be doing explainers, guides, and a whole lot more.
And though the questions and rumors surrounding the iPhone That Was Promised only grow as we inch closer to Keynote O’Clock, there is one thing that we can say with complete certainty: Whatever the shiniest, newest addition to Apple’s lineup is, it will be revealed tomorrow.
By 2007, cell phones had gotten so cheap that when Apple announced that the cheapest model of its brand-new iPhone would be $499, it raised eyebrows. This was just for the phone — no subsidies, no price cuts if you signed a two-year contract; if you wanted the right to be an AT&T customer and have an iPhone, $499 was the price of entry. Many predicted that this would be too pricey to get people in the door — we’d come a long way from the four-grand Motorola brick — but they, of course, turned out to be wrong. (The history of bad iPhone prognostication is long and impressive.)
What the experience reminds me of the most is the week I spent driving around San Francisco in a Lexus, thanks to a screwup at the airport rental agency. I know nothing about cars, but I knew I liked this one. Everything about the car — from the touch of the steering wheel to the smooth, gliding acceleration to the feel of the leather interior — screamed one thing: money. (I know: True gearheads will tell you that Lexuses aren’t that great.)
After my week on the rich side, my tiny 2005 Honda Civic suddenly seemed like an annoying burden. I had to manually adjust my side mirrors; there was no rearview camera; the acceleration felt jerky, like my car had done too much Adderall. But in a few days, I readjusted and got back to my life, and my car stopped seeming to matter. The extra touches the Lexus provided weren’t really necessary, and I know my credit score appreciates the difference in price between the two cars.
In my day-to-day life of testing out various phones, that’s also been my experience: I notice major differences, get envious about the new and neat features, but when I return the review phone and get back to my daily driver, within a few days I barely remember what I missed.
And that, frankly, is a market that is not being served. I can pay $150 for a piece of crap with a smudged-out camera, four hours of battery life, and extremely sketchy preloaded software, or I can spend $800 to $900 for a flagship phone. There are some companies at the edge doing good work in the middle — Moto, ZTE, and OnePlus are all trying — but we essentially live in a smartphone world where there are just Yugos and Lexuses, and no Civics.
But I suspect phone manufacturers are less interested in serving me a solid, inexpensive, long-lasting device. There are some obvious incentives at play here: For one thing, an inexpensive and long-lasting device would mean both lower margins and fewer sales. For another, people have shown no sign that they’re getting sick of paying $1,000 for their phones.
What’s more, whole countries and continents have skipped the PC generation, simply graduating directly to smartphones in the space of ten years. We may be about to witness an odd reversal of that move in the Western World — if I’m 11 and live in Ohio, why would I ever buy a laptop? My life, from school to friends to everything in between, is increasingly on my phone. Edge-to-edge screens, high-quality AMOLED screens, screamingly fast system-on-a-chip specs, easy-to-use cameras that take beautiful shots: The idea of paying more than a laptop for a device that means more to me than a laptop doesn’t seem silly — it seems pragmatic.
What this means, ultimately, is that the category of phones that can do everything your computer can (and more!), safely, securely, and reliably, has completely left the zone of “affordable” and fully entered “expensive.” It’s a justifiable expense, of course: For many of us, we’re buying a device that contains, and mediates, our entire lives. But what’s left over for the people who can’t afford (or don’t want) to spend $1,000 is a group of phones with severely hampered features, dangerous insecurities, and a high likelihood of failure.
And I can’t really blame them. We’re at an interesting inflection point in consumer tech. At the same time that phones have rapidly increased in price, laptops themselves have plummeted. For the price of an iPhone X, I can now buy a MacBook Air, or an iPad Pro for less than the price of a phone.
The point being, when your phone is your whole life, and not just one slightly less powerful device among many, it doesn’t seem so crazy to spend $1,000 on one. My guess is that we’re about to enter into an arms race between Samsung and Apple (and, to a lesser degree, Google) as they battle it out to create a phone that’s not just nice, not just good, but astounding. The iPhone X, from everything that I’ve seen leaked, is that phone. And making those phones requires money — especially if Apple will be making them. Apple is able to charge tremendous margins on its products due to a combination of quality and cachet — other manufacturers will be forced to keep up. The Note 8 costs more than any Samsung phone ever put into production. It’s already sold more than any previous version of the Note.
The bad news is that the answers are unknowable at this point. Even if your Social Security number was included in the hack, there’s not much you can do to prevent it from being sold online, either to identity thieves or state-sponsored spying operations. The best advice is to freeze credit reports at the big credit agencies and cross your fingers.
What’s Equifax doing to fix it? Not much, and not well: The company set up a website that people could use to see if they were affected, but that site was so haphazardly constructed that it could have been mistaken for a scam, and seemed to spit out results at random, even to people typing in dummy names and SSNs. Anyone who wished to put a freeze on their credit was initially issued a PIN number that was clearly generated by the date and time of submission — a freeze issued on September 8, 2017 at 2:15 p.m. generated the number 0908171415. Equifax has said that it’s changing it.
Remember that this isn’t just about Equifax — more than punishment here we need a future regulatory regime covering data collection across the board. Data is gathered by big firms, often in ways we don’t realize, and, like toxic waste, stored for years despite being of little discernible use. Unlike toxic waste, it can actually be disposed of without any harm. The point is that there is no justifiable reason to hold onto these enormous stores of data, and only bad things come from their unauthorized release into the wild. Simply holding onto them makes these companies a target, but it makes the average consumer the real victim.
The iPhone 8 starts at $699 for a 64 gigabyte model. The iPhone 8 Plus – the same phone, just larger, and with a dual-lens camera, starts at $799 for the same amount of storage.
If you’ve ever found yourself watching Planet of the Apps or Carpool Karaoke and thinking to yourself, “Damn, I wish I were watching James Corden sing in the high resolution my eagle eyes demand,” well, buddy, you’re in luck. Among other new products announced today, Apple has unveiled a new version of its set-top Apple TV, which now outputs video at 4K resolution, the ultra-high-definition format with which most high-end TVs are compatible.
Along with 4K output, Apple also announced that they’re bringing live news and sports to the TV app, with updated notifications that will alert you to close games, and that HD iTunes purchases will be updated to 4K for free. But we know you’re just here for the app reality show.
What does it cost? The iPhone 8 starts at $699 for a 64-gigabyte model. The iPhone 8 Plus — the same phone, just larger, and with a dual-lens camera, starts at $799 for the same amount of storage.
What new things does it do? Starting off with the biggest change, the new phones are enabled with wireless charging capabilities. The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus both have a 12-megapixel camera, which Apple promises means “better color saturation” and “lower noise in photos and videos.” iPhone 8 Plus also has a new feature called “Portrait Lighting,” which will allow users to change the lighting between a photo’s background and subject. (That’s currently in beta and not available on the iPhone 8.) The devices are sealed for water and dust resistance. (The iPhone 7 has this, too, but it’s still damn handy.) The speakers on iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus are 25 percent louder than previous phones. Both devices are better equipped for Apple’s ever-growing forays into augmented reality, AR Kit and Metal 2. (Demos included holding up the phone to a baseball game in real time and being shown the score and player profiles.)
Starting off with the biggest change, the new phones are enabled with wireless charging capabilities. The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus both have a 12 mega pixel camera, which Apple promises means “better color saturation” and “lower noise in photos and videos.” iPhone 8 Plus also has a new feature called “Portrait Lighting” which will allow users to change the lighting between a photo’s background and subject. (That’s currently in beta and not available on the iPhone 8.) The devices are sealed for water and dust resistance. (The iPhone 7 has this too, but it’s still damn handy.) The speakers on iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus are 25% louder than previous phones. Both devices are better equipped for Apple ever-growing forays into augmented reality, AR Kit and Metal 2. (Demos included holding up the phone to a baseball game in real time and being shown the score and player profiles.)
When can I buy it? The new devices will be available September 22, just a few days after iOS 11 is released. Which gives you plenty of time to make sure you’ve backed up everything on your current phone. (Which you obviously do on a regular basis to protect your content.)
The new devices will be available September 22, just a few days after iOS 11 is released. Which gives you plenty of time to make sure you’ve backed up everything on your current phone. (Which you obviously do on a regular basis to protect your content.)
What does it look like ? You’ve got three color options if you’re shopping for the iPhone 8. Silver, space gray, and gold. (Which, honestly looks a little pinkish.) The front and back of the phone is glass. So you’re definitely going to need a case if you’re worried about smudging or scratching. The iPhone 8 has a 4.7-inch Retina display and the iPhone 8 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina display.
You’ve got three color options if you’re shopping for the iPhone 8. Silver, space grey, and gold. (Which, honestly looks a little pinkish.) The front and back of the phone is glass. So you’re definitely going to need a case if you’re worried about smudging or scratching. The iPhone 8 has a 4.7-inch Retina display and the iPhone 8 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina display.
Wanna feel old? It’s been ten years since Chris Crocker sported some eyeliner and blond highlights and screamed “leave Britney alone” into a camera, in what would later become one of the most viral YouTube videos in the history of viral YouTube videos. Britney is, of course, Britney Spears, who was in the middle of an infamously rough patch back then. (If you haven’t seen it, start here. Then read this. And then this.) After several years and millions of views, Crocker deleted his YouTube channel in 2015, though he still posts regularly on Facebook and Instagram.
Earlier today, he shared a video in honor of the tenth anniversary of “Leave Britney Alone,” explaining the four lessons he’s learned since posting the video. He also posted a clip from the original video, explaining that when he posted it, he meant it to be “serious.” “That year, my mom was battling addiction & became homeless after serving for our country in Iraq. The struggles in my home life and family life made me defensive over any woman going through a hard time,” Crocker wrote. “The internet and YouTube was a very different, less LGBT friendly place at the time. Nothing I said in the video was listened to. I was mocked for my femininity. I was called every gay slur in the book. Talk show hosts questioned if I was a man or woman, after playing the clip.” Ten years later, his advice includes “to not let the things people say about you online get to you,” and to remember the things you post online live forever.
Oh, and also, “let the haters kick fucking rocks.”
Texas senator and failed 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz — or his social-media manager — learned a valuable lesson tonight. That lesson: If you’re using the official account of a politician with millions of followers, you might want to double-check which account you’re liking tweets from before you go liking a porn video.
Soon after the gleeful crowd of night Twitter comedians discovered the hilariously vulgar fave, Ted Cruz’s account, sadly, un-faved it. But screenshots live forever, and the replies to the @SexuallPosts tweet are almost as entertaining — or gross — as, well, this whole mess. Both @SexuallPosts and Cruz’s college roommate, Craig Mazin, have weighed in on the situation. Catherine Frazier, senior communications advisor to Cruz, tweeted that “the offensive tweet posted on @tedcruz account earlier has been removed by staff and reported to Twitter.” Frazier did not offer any explanation as to how the “offensive tweet” got there in the first place.
Cruz — for context — defended a ban on dildos as solicitor general of Texas, arguing, “There is no substantive-due-process right to stimulate one’s genitals.”
Early Tuesday morning, for reasons that will no doubt become clear sometime soon, Ted Cruz’s Twitter account faved an extremely explicit porn video from the account @SexuallPosts. (It should be fairly clear at this point, but the tweet is NSFW. Click at your own risk.) The two-minute video features a woman who comes home to find a couple has broken into her house and is having sex on her couch. Rather than reacting in any number of ways a person who discovers naked home invaders might react, she proceeds to masturbate while watching the couple.
Subtweeting is another matter, of course, and the senator from Texas is certainly not the first person in Washington whose Twitter likes have turned into late-night news stories. Earlier this year, Melania Trump seemed to sub-fave her husband via a tweet about how much she hated him. And earlier this September, her husband faved a tweet about himself saying he “was not presidential.” Both those tweets were subsequently un-faved.
Having learned the hard way last year that fan demand for an old-school Nintendo emulator can far, far outstrip supply, Nintendo announced today it plans to ship even more of its upcoming SNES Classic. “Nintendo plans to ship the retro-inspired product into 2018,” the company said in a statement. “Originally, shipments were announced to cease at the end of this calendar year.” The company plans to radically up the number of systems it produces, hopefully preventing the severe shortages that plagued last year’s NES Classic.
The system, which will include 21 games, including one never-released game, Star Fox 2, has already generated tremendous interest, with multiple preorder events (some of which were unplanned) selling out within minutes. It’ll retail for $80 and come with two wired controllers.
Perhaps even more interesting is news that the NES Classic will be making a return at some point next summer. “Next summer, Nintendo will also bring back the Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition system with new shipments. More information about the timing of the return of NES Classic Edition will be announced in the future,” was all the information the company gave. The NES Classic was a near instant sellout, with copies being sold on secondary markets like eBay for five to six times their retail price of $60.
Still, for all the good news, I’d still be either hovering over a buy button or lining up at a Game Stop on September 29, when the SNES Classic is due to drop. No matter how many of these things Nintendo makes, it seems it’ll be hard-pressed to keep up with demand.
The LTE connectivity marks a major upgrade for the Apple Watch, since, after all, what’s the point of a smartwatch if you need to keep it in proximity to your phone the entire time? The current models of Apple Watch retain some limited functionality — like, uhh, telling time — when they’re not paired to the phone, but all the good smartwatch stuff requires a connected iPhone. And it seems to work well: In a dorkily charming demo conducted live onstage, Apple COO Jeff Williams called Watch team member Deidre Caldbeck from his Apple Watch to hers — while she was paddle-boarding in the middle of a lake.
A hush fell over Techlandia earlier Tuesday as Phil Schiller stood onstage at the big Apple Event and announced the iPhone X. (Apple also announced the iPhone 8, an excellent new phone that is stuck playing second fiddle to the X’s swanky new features and dizzying price tag.) If you’re thinking of taking the plunge, here’s what you need to know.
It’s going to cost you.
The iPhone starts at $999 for a 64-gigabyte device.
Just look at that giant screen.
If you want to unlock this thing, you have to show it your face.
Because the iPhone X doesn’t have a home button, it doesn’t have fingerprint-sensing Touch ID. Instead, its biometric security uses “Face ID,” which Schiller calls “the future of how we unlock our smartphones and protect our sensitive information.”
The camera gets an upgrade.
Equipped with a 12-megapixel camera — which Apple promises means “deeper pixels,” which, sure — the most noticeable difference with iPhone X is how the camera looks. It’s oriented vertically on the back of the phone, rather than horizontally like on previous models. The iPhone X also supports portrait lighting mode, a new photography feature introduced for the iPhone 8 Plus. The front-facing camera now supports portrait mode, which means your selfies are about to get hella likes on Instagram.
You might have to wait for it.
You can also use your face to create emoji.
Animoji are animated emoji — options include poop emoji, unicorns, pandas, robots, and chickens — that mimic your own face. You can even add your voice to them. Animoji are only available in iMessage and only on iPhone X.
Space gray and silver. Take your pick.
It’s pronounced “iPhone 10.”
Really.
Oddly enough, despite the anxieties of small-pocketed analysts, people loved their larger phones. In fact, they wanted even bigger phones. Instead of a smartphone size crisis, we saw a smartphone size boom: the rise of the phablet. (That’s phone plus tablet.) Led largely by the Samsung Galaxy Note, these new phones carried relatively enormous 5.5-inch diagonal screens; they became so popular that even a self-consciously minimalist company like Apple introduced its own phablet-size phone by the end of 2016 — the “Plus” line.
But maybe the biggest effect of such a big and compelling screen is that it makes your phone more attractive and enticing. With the Galaxy 8’s huge and vivid screen, I suddenly found myself showing off pics of random streetscapes or sunsets more than I would normally. Selfies look better; funny videos you want to share at the bar suddenly look sharper.
LG was actually first out of the gate, with its impressive V20 design, but Samsung was the clear winner this year, with its S8 and Galaxy Note “Infinity Display” line creating phones there were able to simultaneously radically increase screen size while either keeping the phone the same size or even shrinking it. One of the more impressive moments at a tech shows this year was putting an iPhone 7 Plus up next to a Samsung S8 Plus. The phones are physically nearly the same size, but the S8 Plus’s screen is gigantic next to the iPhone 7 Plus — 6.2 inches compared to suddenly puny 5.5 inches. It’s not just a neat optical illusion — it’s one of the few gee-whiz moments in tech journalism where you get to say, “Holy shit, that’s cool.” Now that Apple is doing it, it’s no longer just a neat trick — it’ll become de rigueur for any high-end phone.
The iPhone X, Apple’s brand-new, mega-fancy, $1,000 smartphone has finally arrived — missing, conspicuously, the home button that every iPhone has had since the very first model. No home button means no fingerprint-sensor Touch ID, and no fingerprint-sensor Touch ID means, please pause here for dramatic effect, that you use your face to unlock it.
Face data is protected and all the processing is done on the device, which means your photos aren’t being shared or stored. Schiller said the chances of somebody unlocking your phone with their face are one in a million. (That likelihood increases for relatives, namely identical twins.)
The one problem? The first live demo of Face ID — by Apple exec Craig Federighi — failed, and he had to sign into his phone with his PIN.
Face ID relies on the iPhone X’s front-facing camera.
Called the “true depth camera system,” the front of the iPhone X is equipped with a microphone, sensors, cameras, a dot projector, an illuminator, and a proximity sensor. As Apple describes it, this equipment works in concert to recognize your face each time you look at the device by creating a “mathematical model” of what you look like. (How accurate a description of the technology at play this is, I couldn’t say.) It’s similar to how phones with Touch ID map your fingerprint. Except … with your face.
The camera is apparently smart enough to recognize you even if you change up your look.
Shave your head. Pull your hair into a ponytail. Don a baseball cap or a fedora. Throw on some glasses with a fake mustache. Apple says that Face ID, using the model of your face, will still know who you are and unlock your device.
Unless, of course, there’s another you running around out there somewhere.
If you’ve got an identical twin, you might want to watch your phone. Schiller noted the odds change for people attempting to open your phone who are genetically related to you. Parent Trap 2: Rise of the iPhone X.
On Tuesday morning, we woke up to a world in which Texas senator Ted Cruz — or the person using his Twitter account at that moment — faved from his official Twitter account a porn clip tweeted by a porn account called @SexuallPosts. By early on Tuesday, the fave had been undone. But unlike the fave, which went away as easy as clicking a button, the memory lingers. Is this the kind of porn Cruz — a man who once defended a ban on dildos — enjoys getting off to? Is @SexuallPosts a favorite account of his? What kind of therapist should I see to get the mental image of Ted Cruz getting himself off out of my brain?
Apple executive Phil Schiller announced the new feature, Face ID, and described it as an almost impossibly convenient and safe technology — making sure to downplay Touch ID, a technology that Apple essentially pioneered. Does it work? Another Apple exec, Craig Federighi, tried to do a live demo of the new technology, and, uh, well, it didn’t exactly work. But once Craig got things under control, here’s what we learned about the new feature built into the $1,000 phone.
Now, Cruz claims he didn’t actually fave the tweet, but rather, somebody else on his team with access to his account did.
Following Twitter’s discovery, and subsequent roasting, of the fave, Cruz’s communications adviser, Catherine Frazier, tweeted, “The offensive tweet posted on @tedcruz account earlier has been removed by staff and reported to Twitter.” Later on Tuesday, Cruz told Politico that “someone,” not him, had faved the tweet.
“There are a number of people on the team who have access on the account. It appears that someone inadvertently hit the like button. When we discovered the post, which was I guess an hour or two later, we pulled it down,” Cruz said. “It was a staffing issue. And it was inadvertent, it was a mistake. It was not a deliberate act. We’re dealing with it internally, but it was a mistake. It was not malicious.” The state of Texas no doubt thanks Cruz for his thorough investigation into this tragedy.
In a small conference room at the offices of New York, there was one part of this afternoon’s Apple keynote that caused everyone to go “ooooohh!” That’s ooooohh, the noise you make when someone in class is in trouble, not ooooohh, the noise you make when something has amazed you. It came in response to Apple executive Craig Federighi, who had screwed up the very first live demo of Face ID, Apple’s new device-unlock mechanism.
Assuming Apple’s done its work (and Apple usually does its work), Face ID will be extremely secure and effortlessly functional. But it has a problem. The problem with Face ID — a problem that Apple is clearly aware of — is that it replaces the fingerprint-sensing, phone-unlocking Touch ID.
Face ID, as the name implies, uses four sensors embedded in the front of the iPhone X to scan a user’s face and then unlock the phone. Apple claims it will work in the dark, when you’re wearing glasses or a hat, and if you’ve changed your hairstyle; just as importantly, it won’t work when you’re asleep or looking away.
Of course, it’s possible I’m wrong. Maybe Face ID, powered by lightning-fast processors, will be a breeze to master, and people won’t be offended when you break eye contact and pause the conversation to stare at the glossy piece of metal in your hand. Yet at the very least, there will be a learning curve both functional and social to get over — a curve that not even Apple’s highest executives have mastered yet.
The until-now unappreciated appeal of Touch ID was that you could use it with so little thought: You could, and did, easily unlock your phone before you’d even brought it into your field of view. You didn’t have to remember a passcode, or position your body or your hands anywhere besides where they’d naturally be. There was a kind of discretion to it, a gap between what your hands are doing and what your face is, like Matt Damon in The Departed, tapping out a warning on his dumbphone’s keypad without taking it out of his coat pocket. Touch ID was a way of getting into your phone without also taking yourself completely out of the current moment. Face ID, for all of its supposed benefits, will make the act of checking one’s phone even more of a disruption in social settings — worse, it makes unlocking your phone a kind of performance, adding another small but disruptive step to the unlock sequence. Don’t even get me started on the potential Face ID has to devastate the movie-going experience. Or how dangerous this is going to be for drivers.
Face ID is not an additional security mechanism to the way your phone already works. It’s a replacement, because the iPhone X does not have the home button necessary for the fingerprint-scanning Touch-ID system that was introduced with the iPhone 5s in 2013. Apple spent a good amount of time getting ahead of the backlash, demonstrating that the home button’s function had been replicated elsewhere: Siri is now activated via the sleep button! Swiping up now takes you to the Home screen! And they tried to defend the switch from Touch to Face with a fair statistical point: The chances of someone else unlocking your phone with Touch ID are one in 50,000, while with Face ID it’s one in a million. (That being said, assuming it’s composed of some combination of uppercase and lowercase letters and numbers, a four-character passcode is more secure than either, with 14,776,336 possibilities.)
If you’ve been a dedicated Apple owner, the idea of wireless charging may seem pretty foreign to you. (Unless, of course, you’ve been using an Apple Watch.) But Apple is finally joining the rest of the world, and soon Apple users will be able to wirelessly charge the iPhone 8, the iPhone 8 Plus, and the iPhone X, as well as the Apple Watch and AirPods, all using one AirPower charging pad, which we are sure will be cheap and reasonably priced.
Like a lot of things Apple does, other companies have been doing this for years — the first Qi inductive-charging mats from Google and LG hit the market nearly five years ago. But oftentimes it takes adoption by Apple — the most beloved and closely followed consumer-tech company — for the non-gearhead world to notice. And, to Apple’s credit, while it took it a while to come around to wireless charging, it did at least use an open standard, Qi, which means you can use a variety of charging mats. Apple has a tendency, for better or ill, to use its own proprietary systems (like the Lightning charging port in iPhones), and the choice to use Qi means that while they may be specialized Apple charging mats, pretty much any Qi device on the market should work.
You probably don’t need me to tell you that wireless charging is great, especially for bed-stand-charging — which, at least for me, is how about 80 percent of my recharging gets done each day. Being able to set something down without digging around for a plug, plus avoiding the rat’s nest of power plugs that can accumulate with multiple gadgets, is a major plus.
So, yes, it took Apple a while to jump on this train. But Apple has very, very rarely been first to market with an idea. But sometimes (as the promising, if potentially pricey, AirPower charging pad shows) it also has the best ideas.
The first three iPhones had 3.5-inch diagonal screens — with large black bezels across the top and bottom. They needed room for speakers and antennas and everything else that’s crammed inside your standard smartphone, which meant that their screens were, by today’s standards, incredibly small. When the iPhone 5 made the jump to a four-inch diagonal screen in 2012, people wondered whether the phone would even fit in their pockets.
The new iPhone X adds a “Face ID” feature that unlocks the phone — and opens the door for personalized, 3-D emoji messages based on the phone’s facial-recognition technology.
Upon closer inspection of the keynote, it seems that Federighi was unable to unlock the phone with his face due to a security measure in iOS — rebooted iPhones require a passcode to be entered once before accepting any biometric inputs — and not because Face ID had failed. Rather than input a passcode, he switched to a backup phone. Regardless, to a casual viewer watching the demo on the livestream, it looked like a major goof-up for Apple’s big, new feature.
Update: This post has been updated to more accurately reflect the specific circumstances of Federighi’s demo.
After Apple’s extravaganza yesterday, you may find yourself wondering just how much that old phone of yours is worth. The people of Flipsy, one of the several private-market resellers, helped us out by running numbers across all four major carriers.
One thing to note with this table: “Private market,” in every case, earns you more than if you trade your phone in for credit at a carrier. Companies like Flipsy, Gazelle, uSell, MobileFlyp, and Buyback Boss all offer to scour the net for the best deals in cash for your phone, promising you more money — especially for phones still in pristine condition — than you’d get otherwise. Most of the services also offer a “lock-in” price period, especially useful right now when there’s about to be a ton more people selling iPhones than people who want to buy them.
You can also go super old-school and simply sell your phone on eBay or Craigslist. Since eBay offers the advantage of acting as your middleman — you can sell an old iPhone for, say, $300, and once shipping has been confirmed, eBay will simply cut you a check directly for slightly less than $300.
And then there’s Craigslist, both the most lucrative and sketchiest of the online marketplaces. The pluses and the minuses of Craigslist are the same: You meet up directly with the buyer and exchange cash. That said, Craigslist is already humming with people unloading older iPhones as they prepare to upgrade, and scams are rampant (one enterprising listing was just selling iPhone 7 Plus boxes for $10). If you’re going to go the Craigslist route, do it quickly; meet up with the person to sell the phone — do it in a public place — within the next few days, before the market gets flooded.
Still, if all these private-market options offer ostensibly better deals, why would you ever trade in your iPhone 6s at AT&T for store credit? The same reason you order in Seamless instead of making up a stir-fry, or take a Lyft home rather than deal with a 90-minute subway ride. Private markets get you more money, but they also require more work. Walk into a Verizon store, hand them your old phone, and within a few minutes you’ve walked out with a decent discount on your new iPhone.
Security breaches are weekly news at this point, sometimes barely covered outside of the tech press. We’ve all gotten used to regularly changing our passwords, and using different passwords for different accounts. But that’s the advantage of passwords: You can change them, quickly and easily. What are you supposed to do if suddenly that password isn’t just a password? If that thing that’s now out there on the darknet — or god knows where else — isn’t merely a string of random letters and numbers, but rather, something much, much more personal. What happens when that password is your face?
People have written novels’ worth of words dedicated to the many ways you can go about maintaining password security, but how on earth are you supposed to go about protecting your face? We upload pictures of our faces everywhere. There are countless apps dedicated to satiating our thirst for selfies — not to mention the countless apps not dedicated to them to which we upload a stream of selfies — and that makes it more than a bit difficult to talk about the notion of facial security in any sort of serious manner. (We also, you know, walk around with these things attached to our heads, which is not exactly conducive to the whole privacy thing.)
I’ll admit, the first time I heard this argument, even I was a bit skeptical. It didn’t seem possible that an algorithm for face-mapping could be biased against a particular race or gender — I mean, that’s the beauty of mathematical models, right? But, as I spoke to a number of experts from across the cybersecurity field, the reality of this deficiency became painstakingly clear.
This actually poses somewhat of a serious issue for makers of facial-verification technology, as many versions can be duped through the use of photos of the owner that you can easily find online. If you’re looking to break into a Samsung Note 8, for example, it’s as easy as holding up a photo of the owner, but even for advanced models like Apple’s iPhone X, our digital presence creates a number of security risks.
I asked Premkumar Natarajan, the executive director of USC’s Information Sciences Institute, to walk me through some hypothetical hacks:
“Let’s say I steal somebody’s phone and I sort of know who the person is,” Natarajan began. “If I go to Facebook and get a few of their photos, I can, in principle, create a pretty high-fidelity 3-D model of that person, because [modern] graphics technology has come to a point where we can print really high-quality 3-D faces — or even bodies of people — even when only given a few different exposures. And now, you can also use reasonably off-the-shelf technologies to prepare a 3-D rendering and print out a 3-D mask.”
This sort of endeavor would easily pass the vast majority of liveness tests — that is, a common test that the software does to check to make sure that the subject is alive, and/or real — and grant the spoofer easy access to the victim’s phone. Apple, for its part, insists that Face ID was trained for thousands of hours on lifelike 3-D printed faces to ensure that only a real live human face would work — but it’s hard to say for sure until third-party professional hackers and security experts take a crack at breaking the system.
The bodega — known outside of New York City as the corner store — is one of the best things about living in a city, an urban oasis for replenishing your fill of human interaction, odd snacks, beer, and cats. It has been, for all intents and purposes, perfected. So somebody please tell Silicon Valley to stay the hell away.
Paul McDonald and Ashwath Rajan are two ex-Googlers who, according to a profile from Fast Company, are trying to break into the bodega industry. Their start-up, named Bodega, has installed over 50 “five-foot-wide pantry boxes filled with non-perishable items you might pick up at a convenience store,” which operate using an app that charges your credit card if you remove something from the box. (A Bodega employee refills the boxes as items are purchased.) If this sounds like a vending machine, well … it is. Only, it also has AI: “The idea is to preempt what people might need, then use machine learning to constantly reassess the 100 most-needed items in that community.”
The founders seem to have missed that while rich investors love to hear about the opportunities for “disrupting” urban institutions, the people who actually use them don’t, so much. (Search “bodega” on Twitter if you don’t believe me.) McDonald and Rajan claim to have done some outreach, but it rings a bit hollow: “We did surveys in the Latin American community to understand if they felt the name was a misappropriation of that term or had negative connotations, and 97% said ‘no,’” McDonald said. Which, sure, on an etymological level, a small box that sells sundries might not technically be a misappropriation of the term bodega. But that interpretation ignores a whole lot of cultural nuance. (Speaking of cultural nuance: The start-up’s logo is … a cat.)
Yet this fancy vending-machine company is being pitched as a great disrupting force coming after the world’s bodegas. The problem, I’m assuming, is that it’s hard to pitch “We’re going to disrupt vending machines” to a bunch of venture capitalists. It’s much easier to pitch “We’re going to bring the shining disruptive light of technology to the backward and analog corner store.” And, lo: Bodega is funded by several major investors, including “senior executives at Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox, and Google.”
Bodega plans to have 1,000 locations across the country by 2018. “Eventually, centralized shopping locations won’t be necessary, because there will be 100,000 Bodegas spread out, with one always 100 feet away from you,” McDonald told Fast Company. Eh: For now, I’ll stick with my corner store, and Bodega can stay away.
What’s so weird about it, though, is that they didn’t need to face this problem: They’re running a vending-machine start-up, not a corner-store start-up. No vending machine has ever told you to “feel better” after selling you a blue Gatorade for your hangover, and nobody is about to get up in arms to defend the vending-machine industry.
In the wake of Apple’s announcement yesterday that its new iPhone X could be unlocked with face-recognition technology called Face ID — rather than the now-ubiquitous fingerprint-scanning Touch ID — this question is suddenly, and more than a little creepily, real. We’re facing (sorry) a major shift in security technology as we know it, one where we must paradoxically entrust the majority of our most private data to one of our most public attributes.
The problem isn’t, necessarily, Apple itself. Face ID is — the company assures us, fairly credibly — incredibly secure. Even more so than Touch ID. The problem is that countless apps — which hold everything from your personal photos to your banking — will soon begin adopting facial verification as their primary mode of authentication. The rest of the digital world has a much less commendable track record on security than Apple, and not every company that’s looking to add this hot new feature will have the capability (or, frankly, the drive) to spend the extra money and time necessary to design a safe, secure, privacy-protecting system. Terrifyingly, this dynamic is already unfolding: Samsung, the world’s largest phone manufacturer by volume, has introduced a shockingly insecure face-recognition system on its new phones, seemingly only to compete with Apple.
But it can get much worse than badly implemented software. Imagine a breach at a company that used centralized facial authentication — meaning, a form of facial verification where your identity info is in a central location, usually one of the company’s servers. If, say, Equifax had used biometrics as a means for their customers to access their credit information — which seems like something that could easily become a rather common practice in three to five years — and that information was hacked alongside the rest of its supposedly “secure” data earlier this month, up to 143 million faces could be out there ripe for the taking. Although the specifics of what could be done with this data depends on a number of details about the specific source, in most scenarios, hackers could use this information to re-create your likeness and gain access to your other facial-authentication-protected accounts.
This touches upon the crux of the issue with facial verification: You can change your password, update your phone number, or even apply for a new Social Security number — but you can’t get a new face.
I reached out to Neema Singh Guliani of the ACLU to learn a little bit more about the legal parameters currently in place surrounding the use of facial-recognition and facial-verification software, and was honestly shocked to hear that there are essentially none.
“In terms of law-enforcement access to face recognition [technologies],” Guliani told me, “one of the major concerns has generally been that there really isn’t a good legal framework around when and how the government can use it.”
Guliani likened the severity of the situation to the security crisis our country experienced back in the ’80s over unrestricted wiretapping by both government officials and private citizens. However, while that spurred the creation of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, there’s no such legislation that exists (or that even has been proposed) that would lay out protections for the sharing of our biometric identifiers.
This is an issue that is only further compounded by the stark reality that the most comprehensive facial-recognition databases in our country are maintained by governmental agencies and state law enforcement — two groups that are not exactly known for their top-notch cybersecurity practices. What happens if an incident like last year’s breach of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management’s databases — wherein the fingerprints of over 5.6 million individuals were obtained by an unknown source — occurs again, but with one of the countless offices that has access to American face maps? How on earth are consumers supposed to ever put faith in a system that uses facial-verification software again when a single breach means you’re compromised for the rest of your life?
These kinds of concerns are likely why it has taken biometrics this long to become mainstream.“Centralized biometrics never caught on until now because big companies said, ‘I don’t want to store everybody’s biometrics. I mean, if we get hacked that’s it. We can’t tell all these people to make a new fingerprint.’” George Avetisov, CEO of HYPR, told me. “So, the shift that we’re hopefully going to see now is that a lot more companies are going to start to adopt decentralized security — the way Apple is doing, the way Samsung is doing — and I think from the companies that don’t … I don’t want to be a fearmonger, but I think [from them] we’re going to see a lot more Equifax-type scenarios.”
“We know that all of these algorithms do have racial bias,” Natarajan explained to me. “And the racial bias comes because of (at least) two sources: One is that your training data [for the facial-verification technology] may not reflect the diversity of users in an appropriate way — because collecting diverse training data is often hard, and any slight bias in the training data will affect you.”
“The second piece has to do with skin tone,” he continued. “I am darker-skinned than a Caucasian person, so my skin reflects light less than an object that is ‘brighter’ than me. So obviously there will be issues.”
In other words, if you’re different from the standard pool of data that is used to test the system — which, let’s face it, is likely to be rather white-male oriented if it’s coming out of Silicon Valley — then you’re going to likely have a harder time using facial verification. And if you think of this system not as we know it today, but as we likely are going to interact with it in three or five years from now, it graduates from being just a minor nuisance when unlocking your phone to the beginning of what could easily become an extremely problematic form of systematic discrimination.
There are a lot of contradictory ideas butting heads in these guidelines. Facebook wants to minimize financial incentive for users who glibly (and sometimes profitably) share provocative, graphic content. That’s good! But in doing so, Facebook is also minimizing the impact that thorough and responsible reporting on these issues can have on the broader debate that Mark Zuckerberg has spent the past year waxing philosophical about. It’s tough to have the open dialogue about tough issues when posting about them is discouraged.
Facebook is cracking down. This morning, as part of a broader operation, Facebook has been undertaking a cleanup of some of its policies around the stuff that gets posted to its site. The social network announced new rules for what users could and could not monetize (i.e., what they could and could not place ads in). To summarize the guidelines, anything that might make people unhappy or uncomfortable is not allowed to be monetized. This includes things like violent content, sexually provocative content, excessive consumption of drugs or alcohol, excessive use of inappropriate language, and the “misappropriation of children’s characters.”
The larger point — and this has been clear for a while — is that at 2 billion users and climbing, Facebook is not equipped to effectively moderate its platform. Different cultures and geographic regions have different norms for what counts as offensive or violent or overly sexual. And at the same time, Facebook is actively trying to reduce the human part of the moderation process, trying to offload as much as it can to nebulous AI functions. The moderation process continues to be opaque and inconsistent.
Sonic the Hedgehog jokes aside, a lot of these categories are exactly the sorts of things that news-reporting operations trade in (as Facebook itself directly acknowledges). Weirder still, the guidelines contain explicit statements that newsworthiness is not a justification: “Content that focuses on real world tragedies, including but not limited to depictions of death, casualties, physical injuries, even if the intention is to promote awareness or education,” states one guideline. That also includes natural disasters, such as the recent pair of hurricanes that pummeled the southern United States.
“Content that features or promotes attacks on people or groups is generally not eligible for ads, even if in the context of news or awareness purposes,” states another guideline, noting that “debated social issues” cannot be monetized. So if you were hoping to get some revenue from talking about Black Lives Matter or make something like Vice’s recent, heavily shared documentary on Nazis and white supremacists in Charlottesville, Facebook won’t let that happen.
The network is too large for a one-size-fits-all approach, and yet Facebook keeps trying to come up with one and kick the can down the road. In the current iteration, news organizations that live and die by Facebook’s algorithms, which are steering less and less traffic to outbound links, have been kneecapped by these guidelines. Oh, and also, Facebook continues to claim it’s not a media company.
Calling your company Bodega is just inviting criticism. (At least have the decency to remove a couple vowels like a real start-up!) It’s also revealing, in the way it shows off Silicon Valley’s worst tendencies to attack existing businesses with a glibness that belies the actual harm its cash-flush dreams of disruption can do to real humans. More to the point, if you’re not smart enough to realize how tone-deaf it is to go after the real bodegas that anchor cities, I’m not sure you’ll be smart enough to make vending machines I’ll want to use.
It’s time to reset Silicon Valley’s “days without incident” calendar back to zero. Again. On Monday, Mike Cagney announced he’ll be stepping down from his position as CEO at Social Finance, following a report from The Wall Street Journal detailing the allegedly toxic environment for employees, namely female employees, at SoFi. His resignation — Cagney will be out by the end of the year — comes amid a growing list of sexual-harassment allegations being levied against the company. On Tuesday, the New York Times published a lengthy piece further detailing the nature of some of those allegations, including harassing female employees via text messages, flirting with colleagues, and bragging about the size of his penis.
“It was a frat house,” former SoFi underwriter Yulia Zamora told the Times, noting that she had been repeatedly propositioned for sex by a more senior colleague. “You would find people having sex in their cars and in the parking lot. It was a free-for-all.” A different source told Dealbreaker, “People would leave with a manager, go to the parking lot, have sex in the car, come back in and get promoted.” Another former SoFi employee, Laura Munoz, described the “sexually explicit” text messages she received from Cagney while working as an executive assistant. Munoz was later paid a reported $75,000 to leave the company, after the board investigated the text relationship between her and Cagney. Cagney also reportedly flirted with a female employee in front of other staff until she “grew enraged and left.” The same woman later quit. In the Journal’s report, former employees also described inappropriate workplace behavior — “he occasionally complimented both men and women’s outfits and touched both men and women’s shoulders to try to be friendly” — from SoFi’s then-CFO, Nino Fanlo. (Fanlo left the company in May for a “new opportunity.”) Other sources told the Times that they heard Fanlo openly discuss female employees’ bodies and offered two women $5,000 if they could lose 30 pounds by the end of the year.
The growing list of allegations and Cagney’s departure come about a month after a former employee, Brandon Charles, filed a lawsuit against the company. According to the suit, Charles was fired after he reported seeing his female colleagues getting harassed by male peers. Following the suit announcement, Cagney sent a companywide email to employees, explaining that SoFi would be looking into the matter and that such behavior “has no place at SoFi.” A spokesperson told the Times that the situation had been “investigated in depth by the company and found to have no merit.” Less than two weeks after sending that email, Cagney announced he was stepping down from his position. “We can’t disclose what was said during the board discussions [regarding Cagney’s resignation], which are confidential, but we can say that many of the descriptions of those discussions have been inaccurate,” SoFi said in its latest blog post.
In case last week’s news of 143 million Equifax customers’ personal information — including birth dates, addresses, names, driver’s license numbers, and Social Security numbers — being potentially breached wasn’t enough to make you wary of the credit-reporting firm’s security, this might do the trick. According to a report from CNET, the username and password to access an Equifax employee portal in Argentina were both “admin.” Which any third-grader will tell you is right up there with “password,” “QWERTY,” and “1234567” on the list of truly terrible passwords.
The portal was used for “submitting credit disputes” and has since been shut down. Brian Krebs, of Krebs on Security, first pointed out the issue, CNET reports. If someone had logged into the account using the admin login, they would have been able to easily access thousands of unencrypted credit complaints. Fortunately, Equifax says they have “no evidence” this occurred.
From Equifax, via CNET:
Earlier this month, Martin Shkreli — the guy you remember for jacking up prices on HIV drug Daraprim by 5,000 percent – shared a Facebook post offering a bounty to anybody who could bring him some of Hillary Clinton’s hair. Shkreli said he’d pay $5,000 per strand. Today, a federal judge revoked Shkreli’s bail and sent him to jail over the now-deleted post.
Fans are fiercely debating the lore and origin of Mario’s nipples.
Meanwhile, on Tumblr …
According to Google Trends, which measures the relative popularity of search trends over time, queries for “Mario nipples” spiked yesterday minutes after the announcement, shortly before 7 p.m. on the East Coast, and reached an all-time high overnight, presumably as Europeans rose from their beds to greet the dawn (and Mario’s nipples).
Searches were most prevalent in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia. Freaks.
The fun of a Bitmoji is that you can tweak it to look like you. They’re not perfect — a fellow short-haired female friend and I commiserated last weekend about Bitmoji’s limited hairstyle options — but when you’re done picking your skin color and face shape, and adding eyelashes and moles and glasses, you’re left with a digital avatar that, ideally, you recognize as yourself. When I look at my newly three-dimensional Bitmoji, I don’t see myself anymore. Bitmoji’s limited body-customization options were fine enough when Bitmoji were flat, but as Snapchat gets more into AR, and avatars start to pop up in the real world, body shapes start to matter more. If my Bitmoji can have my dimples, I’d also like it to have my breasts. Is that too much to ask of an app I didn’t have to pay for to use?
First spotted by TechCrunch, the feature would let you briefly unfollow friends, Groups, and Pages. Time limits range from a 24-hour mute to a full month. Facebook told TC that the company is “testing new ways to give people control over their News Feeds so they can stay connected with the stories they find most relevant,” when asked about the potential new feature. To access it, users would select “Snooze” from the drop-down menu on a post in their News Feed, the same menu you’d choose from if you wanted to unfollow a post or an account. Ideally, Facebook’s Snooze Button will have gone from test to permanent feature by the time wedding season 2018 rolls around.
The whole internet loves hot Hurricane Irma cop, a lovely cop who’s helping people amid a natural disaster, and is also extremely handsome. [Five days pass.] Ah. Hmmm. We regret to inform you that the hot Irma cop is racist.
Two screenshots of Hamill’s posts — one from 2013 and one from 2011 — were submitted to the Gainesville PD for review, the Gainesville Sun reports. “Who knew that reading jewish jokes before I go to bed would not only make me feel better about myself but also help me to sleep better as well. Here is one for everybody, ‘What’s the difference between boy scouts and jews?’ Anybody know? Well it is because ‘Boy scouts come back from their camps,’” reads the status from 2013. In the status from 2011, Hamill posited that the best way to deal with “stupid people” is to “put them in an oven and deal with them the Hitler way.” Hamill’s Facebook appears to have since been deleted. Gainesville PD is currently conducting an investigation.
Elf on the Shelf — the Christmas-themed children’s book–and–toy combination brand — has been memed before. (Remember that Craigslist ad for the IRL version, which was basically a grown man in a onesie sitting on a shelf.) But it’s never been memed like this. The game is simple: Open with “You’ve heard of Elf on the Shelf,” and finish with “Now get ready for [thing x] on a [thing that rhymes with thing x].” Shrek on a deck. Cat on a mat. Waluigi on a squeegee. Chewbacca on a maraca. The possibilities are endless.
After you’re done asking Siri how many cups are in a quart, try this: “Hey Siri, I’m really depressed.” Siri – ever the charmer – will respond with a curt, “I’m sorry to hear that.” And while that’s not exactly a bad response, Apple wants it to be better.
Thankfully, it seems that Apple is at least thinking about these sorts of questions, too, as the listing states that they’re specifically looking for engineers with a background in “peer counseling or psychology.” Hopefully this translates into the appropriate amount of care being put into the project. (We definitely don’t need to end up in HAL 9000 territory.)
This rhyming Elf on the Shelf meme doesn’t appear to be entirely new, at least according to Twitter. Early uses of the meme date back to 2016. Still, there’s no denying that these memes are having a moment now. They’ve seen a sharp uptick on Reddit’s /r/MemeEconomy, with users on the meme-market advice forum warning that Elf on the Shelf memes are at high risk of becoming normalized and should be sold as soon as possible. (Becoming normalized, meaning … being explained by blogs such as this one. Select All does not hold any meme securities, due to our rigorous journalistic ethics.)
Of course, now is probably as good a time as any to move on and find the next good meme.
The listing is looking for a “Siri Software Engineer, Health and Wellness.” These engineers will focus on improving Siri’s ability to respond to human problems and will likely change the (currently rather work-oriented) dynamic between us and our smart assistants by fostering a more natural and personal level of dialogue.
And it’ll have to do for now. Metroid Prime 4, the next first-person Metroid game, will be nice whenever it comes. But with any luck, the accomplishments of Samus Returns will encourage Nintendo to put some more muscle into returning to the series’s original format, and fully updating it for the 21st century.
The gist of Samus Returns is the same as almost every other Metroid game: After landing on Planet SR388, Samus is tasked with exploring a sprawling network of subterranean caverns. Her primary task (and really, the only task the game provides) is to kill 40 Metroids, the brain-draining creatures that are always her foil. The persistent monotony of the 40-Metroid countdown is the worst part of the game, but it’s offset by new features. There are skills called Aeion abilities, which make the game smoother without necessarily making it easier, such as a radar-ping system that fills in the map and highlights hidden passageways. They help the game feel propulsive without being condescending (you can opt out of using the Aeion stuff), as does a new teleport system that quickly warps the player to previously explored areas. It also makes you wish Nintendo would just make brand-new Metroid games instead of grafting new parts onto an old corpse.
On Thursday, ProPublica published a report demonstrating that Facebook advertisers were able to buy ads to reach “the news feeds of almost 2,300 people who expressed interest in the topics of ‘Jew hater,’ ‘How to burn jews,’ or ‘History of why jews ruin the world.’” ProPublica paid $30 to test the ads, which were immediately approved and published by Facebook.
Are Google and Facebook lazy? Maybe. It certainly seems unlikely that the problem is incompetence — that the companies are incapable of building their systems to reflect moral values. Facebook has previously said that its algorithms are capable of identifying hate speech; Google has similarly emphasized AI, over humans, as the solution to hate speech on YouTube. These platforms talk constantly about AI and machine learning and neural networks as their future. If they can’t stop hate speech on the profit-generating portion of their systems, why do we trust that they’ll be able to do it elsewhere?
Live Photos gets a big update in iOS 11 with the introduction of a variety of effects that can be applied from within the Photos app. You can turn your mini–photo burst into a makeshift GIF using Loop; into Apple’s version of a Boomerang via Bounce; or into an impressive-looking blur (that is, if you’re photographically challenged, like me) through Long Exposure.
It’s pretty much a given that no matter how many Live Photos you take, none of the cover stills will end up looking as good as the events you were trying to capture. And — if you’re like me — this probably means you’ll spend god knows how long trying to screenshot that one moment in the Live Photo burst that seems as if it has the potential to be semi-decent, only to end up giving up when each of your captures ends up blurrier than the next. Thankfully, this update brings with it the (incredibly niche) answer we’ve all been waiting for: You can now finally choose which still is the “cover image” from the Live Photo burst. Shaky-handed photogs rejoice!
Ever flip back through your photo library and wonder why on earth 2015 you needed 12 different screenshots of some article about dogs? Well, with the new iOS screenshotting features, future you will wonder no longer. The new update introduces a variety of features that bring advanced controls to the screenshotting experience. There’s finally a way to send — and even mark up — screenshots without cluttering up your library. Now, when you screenshot something, the image appears (in miniature form) in the lower-left-hand corner of your screen, where you have the option to make edits, add markups, and (perhaps most importantly) share it via iMessage, Facebook, and a variety of other social-media platforms without saving it to your library.
The Notes app gets a much-needed update in iOS 11. You can now add tables, to-do lists, and drawings to your notes. The new update has also streamlined the process of adding images, and even includes a feature that makes it much simpler to create notes from within the Photos app.
In iOS 10, you could read and respond to notifications on two different screens: the lock screen and a separate notification center that you accessed by swiping down. But in iOS 11, that process has been simplified. Now, when you swipe down, you’re brought to the screen where your notifications are displayed when your phone is locked.
Now, iOS 11 takes the god-awful responsibility of trying to find space on your device out of your hands through the addition of a number of new features. In the Storage section in Settings, you can choose to enable settings like “Auto Delete Old Conversations” (which saved me a surprising 1.97 GB of storage), and “Offload Unused Apps,” which temporarily off-loads unused apps until you need them.
A new iOS is upon us tomorrow, September 19, and with it, a whole new life. Or, at least, new features, from new screenshotting options to built-in iMessage payments. I’ve been using the iOS 11 beta all summer, and below, I’ve picked out the 11 coolest things you’ll be able to do with your iPhone that you couldn’t do before.
The same user later posted a screen capture of this text:
It’s hard to feel much sympathy for a guy wearing a literal Nazi armband getting IDed on the internet and tracked down — especially if, as it was claimed, he was threatening and harassing other people in downtown Seattle. But internet mob justice like this can cut both ways.
Since Pepe, the sad cartoon frog, broke through to the mainstream in the worst way possible last year — described as a symbol of white supremacy by Hillary Clinton’s campaign — his creator, Matt Furie, has undertaken an effort to reclaim the frog as a creature of love. Completely reclaiming a meme once it’s gone viral, and trying to control its use once it’s been remixed and shared millions of times, is a near-futile act. But you can at least make life hard for the most prominent people misusing it — especially if you have a good lawyer.
Furie’s forward march is just one front of the war to liberate Pepe — Apple has put down a blanket ban on using the character in its App Store — and his tactic of using copyright law is being adopted more widely in efforts to make it just a little bit more of a pain to create alt-right or otherwise hateful content online. Last week, after the popular video-game streamer PewDiePie was recorded saying the N-word on a stream, a video-game developer filed DMCA to get video of PewDiePie playing their game removed from YouTube. Weaponizing DMCA notices is about to become a lot more prominent as a reprisal tactic, but its full implications are yet unknown. The web has long been built on copyright infringement, but that infringement is defined by laws crafted before the rise of YouTube and mainstream social media. Now, that broad unspoken agreement is being pushed to its breaking point.
Furie and his lawyer, Louis Tompros, have been using DMCA takedown to get unflattering uses of Pepe removed from social media and from sites like Amazon, where bad rapper and mace recipient Baked Alaska used Pepe on the cover of his self-published book. Tompros told Motherboard that the subreddit r/The_Donald uses Pepe as a mascot to get people to subscribe, and that Cernovich has used a 3-D model of Pepe in a video mocking Hillary Clinton. (As of this afternoon, r/The_Donald appears to have removed Pepe from the forum.)
According to Motherboard, Furie has taken legal action against a slew of popular alt-right figureheads who have made use of his character, including Mike Cernovich, Richard Spencer, and r/The_Donald, the subreddit where thousands of Trump supporters gather.
Jake Paul, very bad neighbor, former Disney star, and late-’90s American Eagle ad come to life, just released a brand-new video, “The Jake Paulers Song.” In it, Paul rides a Jet Ski, sits on the back of a motorbike, and dances with a crew of, presumably, Jake Paulers. But are you, yourself, a Jake Pauler?
In Myanmar, Facebook has become an essential communication tool and a vital method of spreading the word about the ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims, who are facing violence from the country’s military. But activists inside and outside Myanmar have told the Daily Beast that Facebook is removing posts documenting the violence, supposedly for violating community standards, cutting off a vital means of organizing the community and documenting the ethnic cleansing — and raising questions, again, about Facebook’s role as a distributor of information.
It’s unclear why the posts are being targeted, but it’s possible for dedicated groups to brigade a given post or user, reporting content or people to the service en masse to give the impression of an urgent violation. The examples of posts taken down, provided in the Daily Beast’s report, are clearly unwarranted, but the overzealous silencing of users also comes on the heels of new Facebook rules about what can and can’t be monetized on the platform. Descriptions of Myanmar’s current upheaval, even for informative purposes, cannot be. Facebook’s implicit position is clear: Anything that might be distressing is discouraged, at the very least.
Gamers, it’s time to answer the call. Instead of fragging noobs online, you can put those skills to use in the actual military. The Navy is using Xbox 360 controllers to operate its periscopes now, repurposing tech that’s more than a decade old for the depths of the ocean.
Lockheed Martin and the Navy teamed up to retrofit current military hardware with stuff that younger recruits were more accustomed to. From the Virginian-Pilot, via Gizmodo:
This isn’t exactly new. The government has used Xbox controllers to operate everything from laser cannons to drones to robots. And it can’t be that expensive for Microsoft to produce the devices anymore, especially in exchange for a contract from the Defense Department.
The iPhone 8 marks the fourth iteration of the design Apple introduced with the iPhone 6, and much of it remains unchanged. Same home key, same buttons, same screens, same two sizes. A new glass back adds some heft and makes it “easier to hold than the 6 and 7.” It’s faster than its predecessors, and iOS 11 makes some quality-of-life improvements. So, if you like iPhones, you’re in luck.
There’s nothing in the base hardware, beyond the stupidly fast new A11 chip and True Tone screen tech that truly separates the iPhone 8 from the iPhone 7, or even 6 and 6s. The True Tone screen gets generally good marks, making “colors I see now seem a little more accurate […] and everything is generally easier on the eyes too.” There’s, of course, no headphone jack, so you’ll need to continue to keep your wireless headphones charged (or a dongle around). If you want to use augmented-reality apps (and they could be truly compelling, given some time to develop), you’ll need at least an iPhone 6s, so that would perhaps be the base level that you could consider upgrading to an 8 if you really don’t care about the iPhone X. There’s also wireless charging, so you can lay your phone down on a Qi charging mat and charge it without plugging it in.
Both phones get universal high marks for their cameras, with the iPhone 8 Plus getting especially high marks thanks to its dual-rear cameras. A newly redesigned physical camera and that blazingly fast internal processor mean photos get taken quickly, but a beta app called Portrait Lighting, which allows for fancy faux-pro-lighting effects, is a mixed bag: “Sometimes the effect was stunning, but other times it looked very fake and weirdly clipped.”
Yeah, that’s right. Your local library not only still exists, but it has eBooks, which are things you can totally borrow (for free) online! Before, this perk was hidden somewhere deep within your local library’s website — assuming it had one — but now these free literary wonders are all yours for the taking.
How did Lavigne go and make things so complicated? (Yeah, yeah.) The pop singer topped cybersecurity firm McAfee’s annual list of the most dangerous celebs, after its algorithms determined that a quick search of her name brings up more potentially malicious results than anyone else online. (Take that Milo Yiannopoulos!)
Hey, it’s iOS 11 day! We’ve already detailed some of the stuff you can look forward to — it’s one of the bigger iOS updates Apple has rolled out in the past few years. But! There’s one downside: Some of your apps are basically gonna go away.
Northwest Indiana’s pitch is “Why not Northwest Indiana?” Powerful! Gary, Indiana, had the ingenuity to take out an ad in the New York Times, with the city writing in first person: “I know locating to me may seem far-fetched. But ‘far-fetched’ is what we do in America. It was far-fetched for 13 scrawny American colonies to succeed against the might of the British Empire. Far-fetched to land a man on the moon. Far-fetched for a business selling books out of a garage to succeed in business and philanthropy.”
You see, back in 2013, iOS 7 brought developers a feature they had been longing for: the ability to develop for 64-bit processors, instead of being restricted to 32-bit development. (Unless you yourself are an app developer, you truly do not need to understand why this is better; just know that app developers were overjoyed.)
Still, plenty of apps had already been developed for 32-bit processors. Apple began to warn users starting with iOS 9 that 32-bit-based apps could slow down their phones, but iOS 11 will be the hard stop. If you’ve got an app on your phone that was developed for a 32-bit processor, it’s probably not going to work very well. Want to see for yourself? Go to to Settings, then General > About > Applications. You’ll see a list like this:
So what are your options if you’re truly loath to give up Astronut? Not much. You can hope the app developer updates their app, but that’s probably not going to happen.
Welcome to TBH, short for “to be honest,” the latest anonymous-gossip app to emerge overnight as every teenager’s favorite app. “Last Sunday was the first time I heard of it,” Luci, a junior from Texas told Select All about the app’s sudden rise. “It got really popular overnight; it was weird! Almost everyone I know uses it now.” It’s currently the No. 1 free download in the Apple App Store — no small feat, considering TBH is only available in a limited number of states. And its secret is … kindness?
Please watch the short video embedded above. I have nothing to add to make it better. “A knife!”
Or you can choose to not update to iOS 11, though eventually this will start causing problems with future apps you want to install, and Apple has all sorts of ways of gently prodding users to updating to the latest version of iOS. But, hey, if you really love Prompt, you gotta do what you gotta do.
Like Sarahah, the megapopular anonymous-comment app that took over adolescents’ phones earlier this year, TBH allows users — mostly teenagers and young adults — to comment anonymously about their friends and peers. But unlike Sarahah or other infamous anonymous-comment apps (remember Yik Yak?), TBH is not a cesspit of toxic gossip and petty cruelty. In fact, it’s downright nice: The app only allows its users to say positive things about other users, a limitation that, believe it or not, only seems to make the app more popular.
TBH first launched at a single high school in Georgia in August, where 40 percent of the student body downloaded the app on the first day. The next day, they expanded the app to three more schools in the area to the same results. “Basically, every iPhone owner at the school downloaded it,” said a TBH spokesperson, who asked not to be named. (TBH is currently not available on Android.) Since then, the app has been released in nine states: Florida, Washington, Rhode Island, Texas, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Massachusetts, and California. (It’s also currently available in New York City as a test, but the app is working toward a statewide release very soon.) “I think at this point, over 25 percent of students in California have the app installed,” the spokesperson said, noting that the app has 2 million daily active users across the United States. “It seems to be the new rage … for now,” said Sharleen, a California senior.
TBH is striving to be the anti-Sarahah. It’s heavily moderated to avoid harassment, and while I hesitate to call any app “woke,” TBH is definitely in that neighborhood. Superlatives submitted by users are vetted by the TBH team, which receives about 10,000 submissions per day. One percent of those make it to the app. “Sometimes they’re funny; sometimes they’re catty,” Luci said of the prompts, though the cattiness is always winking — the worst Luci could come up with was, “Always wins their drama,” a far cry from the cruelties of most anonymous comments.
“Anytime we get a complaint about a question, we remove it right away,” the spokesperson said. “We usually don’t deliberate too much; if it upsets someone, it’s gone.” The app offers a nonbinary option for users who don’t want to identify as a “boy” or “girl.” “I guess you could say it assumes everyone is bisexual,” Luci told me, when explaining that all prompts, including the flirty ones, are accompanied by mixed gender user choices.
Another reason users need a secondary app is because TBH currently has no way for users to communicate with each other. Which means they can’t discuss who received what TBHs, or speculate who sent them, from within the app. The lack of communication options definitely helps with the whole no-bullying thing, but isn’t super conducive to building a social platform. “We definitely will hint that something related to messaging is around the corner, but we won’t say anything more about what it is,” TBH told Select All.
“It’s a temporary-use app like Pokémon Go or Ask.fm,” Madison, a junior, told me when I asked if she thought her friends would keep using TBH. “It’s not like Instagram or Snapchat or Twitter.” It’s worth noting that both Pokémon Go and Ask.fm are both actually still kicking, they’ve just lost their hype. “At the end of the day, everyone reverts back to their Snapchats, Twitters, and the few that are still really into Instagram,” Luci said. “These apps last around a week or two before someone finds an even more obscure, new form of social media.”
Things aren’t going great for Uber Stateside — the FBI is currently investigating Uber for its “Hell” software, which allegedly tracked Lyft drivers to give Uber a competitive edge — and across the world, the ride-hailing company’s Asian outposts aren’t doing so hot, either. The company is being reviewed by the Justice Department for allegedly violating foreign bribery laws. According to a report from Bloomberg earlier on Wednesday, Uber “has embarked on a review of its Asia operations and notified U.S. officials about payments made by staff in Indonesia.”
Pics of Google’s upcoming Pixel 2 have leaked, via Droid Life. The phones will start at $649 for the standard or $849 for the XL model.
One of the things I really like about the Pixel is its clean install of Android — unlike Samsung or LG or a host of other Android phone-makers, there’s no bloatware. Clean Android still isn’t quite as glossily pleasant as using iOS, but it comes close. Another thing is that even a year later, the Pixel’s camera holds up very, very well. Testing out Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 recently, the Pixel still often took better pictures, particularly in low-light situations. All I really want out of a phone is decent battery life, the ability to dick around on the internet, and a camera that lets me take a decent picture without a lot of futzing around. The Pixel did all that.
Per leaks from Android Police, the phones (manufactured by HTC but “designed by Google”) will feature an expanded AMOLED screen and the same style of reduced bezels as seen in the Samsung S8 or LG V20, sport 4 GB of RAM, and use a Snapdragon 835 processor. All of this, if true, means it’ll essentially have the same internal specs as a Samsung S8. It’ll also have “squeezable” sides for activating Google Assistant, which, sure. It’s still up in the air as to whether the phone will have a 3.5 mm headphone jack.
I really like Google’s Pixel phone. While I think Samsung’s more recent S8 and Note 8 phones have better screens and a better industrial design than 2016’s Pixel, I was looking forward to the Pixel 2.
These leaks, if accurate, confirm that the internal specs of the Pixel 2 will be unsurprising play for being a top-end phone (the 128 GB Pixel 2 XL will even come in at $949, as four figures become more and more the default for top-of-the-line smartphones). But the leaks also don’t reveal much about the real reason that I (and a lot of other users) liked the Pixel so much. The first Pixel looked pretty generic as well; it was a host of smart software and hardware choices that made it so nice to use. The Pixel 2 could still end up being a very good phone — or even a great one. Still, from the outside, it looks like another flagship phone at flagship prices. And I’m more than a little burned out on those.
The company and its law firm are looking into Uber’s business practices in China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, and South Korea. One source close to the matter told Bloomberg that an Uber employee bribed police in Jakarta to smooth business operations in the region. (That employee has since been fired.) Another possible issue involved Uber paying the Malaysian government to “influence lawmakers.” An Uber representative told Bloomberg that the company is complying with the investigation.
Uber’s troubles in Asia aren’t, unfortunately for new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, limited to its potential violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Earlier this summer, the company came under fire after it was revealed that it leased cars to drivers in Singapore, knowing the cars were faulty and at risk of combusting.
The Apple Watch Series 3 hits stores on Friday, starting at $329. It’s got an LTE connection, meaning you can make phone calls from your watch without having a phone on your hip. It’s got fancy, new heart-monitoring technology. It’ll work with your AirPods. The question is … are the new bells and whistles worth going out and dropping $400 on a watch? Here’s what reviewers are saying.
You’ve ostensibly already got a phone that does everything, and more, that the LTE-enabled watch model can do. “It’s more for the times when you’re on a run and need to make a call,” writes David Pierce at Wired. Don’t plan on taking all your calls from your wrist, even if the new microphone in the watch “works miracles.”
Early reviews of the watch indicate that it has some connection troubles, with both Wi-Fi and LTE. “On more than one occasion, I detached myself from the phone, traveled blocks away from my home or office, and watched the Watch struggle to connect to LTE,” The Verge’s Lauren Goode notes. “It would appear to pick up a single bar of some random Wi-Fi signal, and hang on that, rather than switching to LTE.” Reviewers noted problems with successfully connecting on several carriers, including AT&T and T-Mobile. (Apple is currently working on a fix to keep the watch from auto-connecting to unauthenticated Wi-Fi networks, but hasn’t released it yet.)
Your Apple Watch is only good if it’s, well, turned on. Which means having a battery that doesn’t even last a full day — while using LTE — isn’t ideal. You’d be “lucky if the battery allows you to roam on cellular for longer than half a day — especially if you’re making calls,” writes Joanna Stern at The Wall Street Journal. “Three hours of intermittent LTE usage” brought Goode’s battery down to just 30 percent. It seems like Apple’s promises of making phone calls while paddleboarding in the ocean are only good if you don’t plan to be paddling very long.
Running apps and switching between them is faster. It’s good for tracking your workouts and comes with some fancy, new faces. “The Apple Watch Series 3 is the first sign that wearable computers are maturing and may eventually become a staple in consumer electronics,” concludes Brian Chen at the New York Times, in perhaps this week’s most positive review of the device. CNET called it the “best overall smartwatch you can buy.” Just don’t bother buying the one with LTE. The technology doesn’t seem to be worth it yet.
It’ll cost you an additional $10 per month to add your new Apple Watch to your cellular plan. The cost varies, a little, by carrier and could also involve an activation fee. It seems like you could just save yourself the money and use the phone you already pay for as your phone.
When James Damore was fired from Google over a multipage memo he wrote that claimed the pay gap isn’t real, and that women are biologically worse at technical jobs than men, he quickly became a cause célèbre among people for whom the value of free expression in the workplace trumps all other concerns. Damore did not, at first, appear to be a troll or a jerk; his memo was written in an aggressively reasonable tone and with all the right caveats (“I value diversity and inclusion,” it begins). From the pages of the New York Times, David Brooks even called for the resignation of Google CEO Sundar Pichai.
Of the four answer choices, “yes” is currently in the lead. (The poll closes in three days.) This seems like an obvious bad-joke tweet, but Damore, never one to know when to stop talking, decided that it was part of a point he wanted to make about politics. The KKK, he went on, is a “moralized” issue because “you can’t criticize its heroes or acknowledge any positive aspect of its villains.” He also compared it to “teaching your child to be responsible about drugs and sex without addressing the fact that they can be fun.” Oh, and there was also this nugget about how people are being pushed into the KKK.
(Select All would like to formally pronounce our site a safe space to “acknowledge the coolness of D&D terms.” Here, you can talk about how you think wizards — exclusively wizards of the non-KKK variety — are cool.)
Just in case all of the scenic vacation getaways and aggressive #fitspo content wasn’t enough to make you feel inadequate, Instagram now appears to be testing a feature that highlights whether or not someone on the service follows you.
The change is denoted by a small “Follows you” note on some users’ profiles, and is likely to make the social perils of the service a bit more dangerous. Twitter has a similar feature for quickly finding out who doesn’t follow you — or who unfollowed you, which is even more fraught.
It’s not clear if the feature is being tested with a small subset of the user base and might never reach everyone, or if Instagram is slowly rolling the feature out to everyone, complicating hundreds of millions of online relationships.
But his star began to fade. For a reasonable, logical kid who’d been caught up in the culture wars, Damore’s friends were awfully fringe. He chose to do his first public interview with alt-right YouTube personality Stefan Molyneux, and changed his Twitter avatar (his handle at the time: @Fired4Truth) to a portrait taken by a man called “the Annie Leibovitz of the alt-right.” By the time he compared being a conservative working at Google to “being gay in the 1950s,” he was no longer being touted by centrist pundits as a martyr to political correctness.
And now, today, I think we can finally say his moment is over. People had just stopped talking about him when Damore posted a Twitter poll about … the KKK. In it, Damore calls the KKK “horrible” and denounces them, but wants to discuss how “their internal title names are cool.”
The point is not, of course, that these tweets have revealed James Damore as an incorrigible racist — it’s that they’ve revealed him to be impulsive, immature, self-destructive, and unable to keep quiet when he should. Which is the kind of behavior that tends to get people fired, much more than making “anti-P.C.” speech.
Instagram Stories, the 15-second, disappearing-video format at the top of your Instagram app, has been around for a little over a year — which means you should be caught up with the basic premise: Snap a photo, add a caption, add to Story. But now that you’ve got that down, what else can you do? Here are ten tricks you can use. Make your Stories prettier! Make them grabbier! Make them 17 shades of pastel you didn’t know existed on Instagram! Make them so good, you become an influencer and can quit your day job and travel the world on #sponsored vacations full-time! (That last one might be a bit of a stretch.)
Tap the pen icon in the upper-right-hand corner of the screen. You’ll be shown a rainbow of color options along the bottom. Press and hold on one of the colors. (We chose blue.) Next, you’ll see a full color spectrum. Without lifting your finger from the screen, drag until you find your desired custom hue. This hack also worked for captions, just follow the same press and hold steps.
Just days after last year’s election, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told an audience that the suggestion that misinformation on his social network had any substantial effect on the outcome was “pretty crazy.” Now, imagine a disembodied Ron Howard narrator voice saying, “It wasn’t.” And then smash cut to … September 2017: Facebook is turning over evidence to federal investigators that Russian government–linked agencies bought Facebook advertisements with the intent of influencing the election. Today, it gets even weirder: The Daily Beast reports that a Russian-created, Trump-supporting Facebook group actually threw well-attended pro-Trump rallies in Florida.
As stories of Facebook being used by Russian agencies and trolls to influence the election trickle out, the general narrative — certainly Facebook’s narrative — has been that this is a misuse of Facebook, an abuse of its platform. In April, the company called the strategies used in last year’s election “insidious forms of misuse, including attempts to manipulate civic discourse and deceive people.”
And Facebook should have seen this coming. There were warning signs of this, much earlier than 2016; in 2012, Zeynep Tufekci wrote an editorial for the New York Times called “Beware the Smart Campaign” in the wake of Obama’s reelection. She wrote:
The point is this: Facebook has always wanted, from a business and ideological perspective, to be a tool with which people can reach across the ocean and exert influence on one another. The problem is that 2016 is a case study in why mere connection is not enough to make something good. Cynically motivated Russian actors used Facebook to pose as grassroots Americans, and did so in support of an authoritarian reality-television star.
Didn’t Zuckerberg say last year, “We stand for connecting every person. For a global community. For bringing people together. For giving all people a voice. For free flow of ideas and culture across nations”? You don’t have to be particularly cynical to see how Russians sharing Trump memes falls under the “free flow of ideas across nations.” As Zuck put it: “We’ve gone from a world of isolated communities to one global community, and we are all better off for it.” Well, maybe we wouldn’t go that far.
Tufekci concluded, “You should be worried even if your candidate is — for the moment — better at these methods. Democracy should not just be about how to persuade people to vote for one candidate over another by any means necessary.”
Certainly, we can agree that it’s bad that hostile foreign powers are able to easily and cheaply sow discord and division among American voters. But it’s not at all clear to me that what Russia is doing is a “misuse” of Facebook. Isn’t this the company that explicitly markets its ability to influence and swing voters? Isn’t this the company whose decadelong mission has been to allow people on one side of the globe to communicate and influence people on the other side?
As it rejiggered itself earlier this year, pushing its Groups product for smaller and slightly more isolated communities, Facebook seemed to have stopped pushing the vision of a hyperconnected global community. After a decade of mind-blowing growth, the company seemed to realize that there is no one definition for “making the world a better place,” and that building an incredibly powerful and ostensibly value-neutral platform will lead people to use it in ways that you think are wrong, and they believe are right.
Being unable to anticipate offensive behavior on the internet is, in 2017, an embarrassment for a company that counts a quarter of the global population among its users, and employs more than 20,000 people. It defies belief. To tout your platform’s global scale and political influence, and then be shocked when it is used for those exact purposes is similarly disconcerting. It suggests that Facebook’s executives and engineers are either incompetent at their jobs or unfamiliar with their product. Or, worse, that they don’t actually care.
And yet, somehow, Facebook is still learning that if you give people a blank slate, they’ll find a way to use it for causes that any half-decent person would find objectionable. Last week, ProPublica discovered that Facebook allows advertisers to target users who describe themselves as “Jew haters.” Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg announced changes to the company’s policies today, acknowledging that “because these terms were used so infrequently, we did not discover this until ProPublica brought it to our attention. We never intended or anticipated this functionality being used this way — and that is on us. And we did not find it ourselves — and that is also on us.”
Add a single caption to your photo and position it where you’d like. We recommend using a neutral, like white or black, to create a shadow effect. Next, add another caption. Type the exact same thing — be sure not to add any extra spaces — in a different color. The two captions should be the same size. (You can use the font-sizing tool — the two different sized A’s on the left-hand side of the screen — if they’re not.) Position the second caption over the first, but set slightly askew.
First, add a caption to your photo and decorate it as you’d like. Then tap the “Save” arrow in the lower-left-hand corner of the screen and tap the “Your Story” icon to add the image to your Story. Next, select the photo you just saved from your camera roll to add to your Story. Layer a second caption over the first. Repeat until you’ve said all you need to say.
If you don’t like the look of the square-corner backgrounds on your captions, you have another option. Use the pen tool to draw a different shape — circles, ovals, hearts, kidneys, you name it — and then place a caption over your new shape. Make sure to select the caption without any sort of background. (Ours is just white text.)
This trick is a little time-consuming because you have to add each letter or word as an individual caption and position them accordingly. Write the first word or letter and choose the color you’d like the font to be. Drag it into position. Add another caption in a different color and drag that where you’d like it. Again. And again.
This is a weird trick that dates back to the days of Snapchat (and later Instagram) having minimal tools for editing. Still, points for creativity. Add an emoji as a caption. Then pinch out on the emoji to make it bigger. Once the emoji starts to pixelate drag it into position. Not quite sure when you’d use this one, but if you ever need to make your photo look like it’s been overtaken by a giant algae boom, or some neon-yellow smog, this is the hack for you.
This feature is actually built into the Instagram app, but can be a little confusing if you’ve never used it before. Tap the stickers icon — it’s a face — at the top of the screen. Next, tap the camera icon on the left-hand side of the second row that pops up from the bottom. Your face will appear at the center of the screen. (If you tap your face, a white border will appear around the sticker. Tap again if you want to go borderless.) Make your chosen face and press the white circle beneath your face to take the photo. Size and drag the sticker. You can add as many stickers of your face as you’d like, though you’ll have to retake the photo each time.
You’ve probably seen Instagram Stories with Instagram’s “day of the week” sticker. But did you know that if you tap the sticker while editing, it will change color? Instead of the colorful version that pops up first, the sticker — in this case Wednesday — will appear as a white stencil. You can leave that as is, or use the pen tool to color underneath the sticker to make it pop. To find the “day of the week” sticker, tap the sticker icon — smiley face at the top of the screen — and select it from the tray.
If you want to talk about a photo or a video you’re posting before letting your rabid followers actually see it, this is a handy hack. Select the pen tool and then select the color you’d like to use. Press and hold anywhere on the screen. The chisel-tip pen — second from the left — will create a translucent layer, while the marker — first on the left — will create an opaque layer. You can also add captions and emoji over the top of the layer you just added.
Nearly every day, Indigo Rancourt wakes up to a new Instagram message request. And though they come from a wide range of people she’s never met, who live all over the globe, the message sent is almost always the same: “Hey. I added u off tinder, hope that’s not too creepy lol.”
Rancourt, like most women on Tinder who have the unfortunate pleasure of being into dudes, is the victim of one of modern dating’s newest trends: Tindstagramming.
Tindstagramming /tind-stuh-gram-ing/ nounThe act of sneaking into someone’s Instagram DMs after failing to match with them on Tinder.
The phenomenon has its roots in a new feature announced in April of 2015, when Tinder first allowed users to link their Instagram accounts to the app. On its face, the move seemed pretty inoffensive — now you could wow potential matches with your expertly curated grid, great! — but in practice, the change ushered in a new era for the app. Previously, Tinder had been pretty surprisingly decent at keeping its users anonymous — the only thing you knew about your potential date was their first name, general employment or education info, and whatever was revealed through their short (and usually terrible) bio. If you didn’t match with someone, it was practically impossible to find them off the app. But with the advent of Instagram support, the jaded and matchless finally had another option.
If you’re unfamiliar with Tinder, it works like this: You’re presented with a person’s profile, and you choose to swipe left, to dismiss, or right, to match. If you both swipe right, you can message each other. If you don’t both swipe right, you can’t. Tindstagramming happens when someone — almost always a guy — decides to subvert that cardinal rule, by leaving the app and taking his creepy DMs to Instagram.
“Usually, it’s some dude saying he saw me on Tinder and thinks I’m hot,” Madison Killian, who goes by @maaaaaadiison on Twitter, told me about her Tindstagram messages. “They definitely come across as super douchey, and obviously don’t respect boundaries when they message you even though you didn’t match. The one that I did respond to, he got so angry that I turned him down that he wrote a fake Craigslist ad and posted my Instagram, and I woke up to like 15 horny dudes messaging me.”
Unfortunately, this is far from the first case of Tindstagramming gone wrong. “At first, it seemed very harmless, just a sweet guy who was very interested in me,” Katie Meuser, a Tinder user from Chicago told me about one of her latest Tindstagramming experiences. “I told him that I was flattered, but I didn’t want to meet him, but he kept sending me messages and not respecting the fact that I said no. He kept explaining that he was a romantic and not creepy.” The unwanted messages kept on coming for over two years, until Meuser finally bit the bullet and blocked the guy this July.
“The first time it happened, I was honestly shocked,” Rancourt confessed to me. “I didn’t think this actually happened — that people honest to god thought DM-sliding from Tinder was gonna be the way to, what, get laid? Fall in love? I don’t know what they’re looking for, but it’s not coming from me.”
Mike, an NYC-based Tindstagrammer who preferred to stay anonymous, told me that he’s actually gotten dates from these blind messages. He used to write down girls’ Instagram handles before swiping right on them, so he could follow up with a DM if they didn’t match, a method he said worked for him about “2 to 3 times out of 30.” “Part of good game is not giving a fuck and doing everything you can to meet women,” he explained. “The No. 1 reason [it’s so common] is probably because it’s easy. Yes, it’s ineffective, but it’s so low effort that it’s hard to justify not doing it if you are committed to doing everything you can to meet girls.”
One of the great benefits of the internet is that it lets people who don’t even know each other connect across vast distances. Online, you can donate to a stranger’s fundraising drive, or send messages of support, or, in one British man’s case, buy him a bunch of milk.
Let’s set the scene. It is Nick’s birthday, so the gang decides to head to a Wetherspoons pub in Sheffield. It’s the 21st century, so the place lets customers order food from an app on their phone. Just punch in your location and table number, and you’re all set. You can also, as Nick’s friend Rory did, give out your location to the general public and ask them to send you drinks.
You can see where this is heading. People used the app to send Nick all sorts of things that were not beer.
But it wasn’t all milk. Someone sent him ice cream, which I guess does count as milk in a way, and Champagne. What a great combo.
A bunch of peas? Sure!
Who is behind some of these wonderful birthday gifts? The culprits stepped forward.
Happy birthday, Nick! Enjoy your strong bones.
Today, Google announced that it’s buying the Pixel phone division of HTC for $1.1 billion. This isn’t Google buying the Taiwanese consumer-electronics manufacturer entirely — it’s simply stripping out a large number of employees, likely the ones who have been making its Pixel phones for the last two years. And it’s doing it because Google realizes it has to build a phone that can stand up to the iPhone.
HTC and Google have a long history. HTC has been a partner in building some of Google’s earlier Nexus phones, meant to be an Android lodestar — the phone that showed what Android should look and act like. It also built the last Pixel, and is reportedly manufacturing the Pixel 2, though both are “designed by Google.” Acquiring HTC’s Pixel phone division “will help [Google] grow scale in the high-end while turning it into a major competitive threat to the other Android [manufacturers] rather than just as a point of reference,” says David McQueen, research director at ABI.
In other words, HTC is table stakes for Google to get serious about building a high-end phone to compete with Samsung (its nominal partner, and by far the largest seller of Android devices) and perhaps more importantly, Apple.
Google’s Android simply can’t compete on that front. It’s long become the dominant global OS, but the iPhone remains the most popular singular phone (though the Samsung Galaxy series is usually a close second place, and sometimes surpasses the iPhone for a quarter or two). And this is because if you want to use iOS, you have to buy an iPhone. And right now, iOS is the most pleasant OS to use on a smartphone — and has a ton of ways of keeping users locked in, the most important being Apple’s proprietary texting format, Messaging.
In the long term, Google seems to realize that it’s Apple that poses the biggest existential threat to the company (even if its most direct competitor is probably Facebook, with the two splitting the vast majority of the online-advertising revenue). Apple’s Siri uses Bing for its knowledge base. Google is paying a reported $3 billion a year to keep its search engine as the default search engine on the iPhone. The two companies haven’t broken out in out-and-out war, but there’s sniping at the edges. Apple is quick to point out its privacy policy without mentioning Google by name; Google subtly hints that its Google Assistant is far superior at most tasks compared to Siri.
Google, until this HTC acquisition, would never be able to compete with Apple at binding together hardware and software while contracting work to other companies. By bringing in thousands of engineers (about 2,000, per the New York Times, at the relatively cheap price of $550,000 per engineer), it can.
The majority of people will be reading (and searching) on smartphones in the very near future, and Google’s entire advertising business depends largely on being the dominant search engine (and data aggregator). The only way to secure that future is to build a phone that can truly rival the iPhone. Having the dominant OS isn’t enough if the world’s most popular phone can simply be walled off from you. (Whether iPhone users would being willing to be walled off from Google is a more interesting question, but one Google doesn’t seem willing to think about.) Samsung has tried, and it has come close. But now Google, with fresh injection of talent from HTC, wants to take its own shot.
In the short term, this still shouldn’t worry Samsung or Apple very much. The Pixel, per ABI estimates, has only moved about 2 million units since its release last year. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus sold 32 million phones in the second quarter of 2017 alone, and the Samsung S8 and S8 Plus sold 19 million in the same period. The leaked pictures of the Pixel 2 don’t look like they’ll significantly change those numbers.
The true appeal of the iPhone, as Cupertino will happily tell you, isn’t that its phones look so good or sport such impressive hardware. It’s that Apple can tightly bind its hardware — the iPhone — to its software — iOS. Apple’s hardware and software can act in concert; it’s one of the reasons it was able to roll out augmented reality so much faster than its competitors — Apple knows exactly what every phone or device running iOS can do.
Today’s hottest new meme is brought to you by the Twitter feed of Austin Armacost, who describes himself as a “Celeb Big Brother Runner Up & *ALL STAR* (The A List NY).” On Wednesday morning, Armacost tweeted out a photo of himself in a swimsuit, fishing not, as one would expect, for fish — but for compliments!
As everyone knows, there is no greater internet sin than the humblebrag, and Twitter, being Twitter, had a field day with this simple declaration — it’s imbued with that lovely, punchy joie de vivre that can only come from the tweets of a C-list celeb — and off it skyrocketed into the annals of Meme History.
Anyone who’s looked at a calendar today has definitely thought these two things: (1) Ah, it’s almost the autumnal equinox, when summer fades to fall, and (2) It’s the date from the song! The song is, obviously, Earth, Wind & Fire’s classic banger, “September,” which is named after the overall month, but specifically references the 21st day.
Adejuyigbe spoke with Select All for a few minutes about the significance of September 21, which is still something of a mystery.
In case you need further reminding, here’s a viral tweet from television writer Demi Adejuyigbe. Pay close attention to the lyrics.
So I assume this tweet has been blowing up again.Yeah.
What’s the reaction been, generally?The general reaction has just been a lot of people saying, like, “Oh, this is my favorite day of the year.” Or saying that they were happy — like they had sent a reminder to themselves to retweet it again this year, which is always funny to me. The new ones are the ones that I’m looking at and being like, “Oh, that’s nice.” People who didn’t see it last year and didn’t know about it and are just like, “Oh, what? What is this?”
Uh, what is it?I have no idea how to even explain it. It’s just a video of me dancing to a weird mix of “September,” which I thought was funny.
What came first, the shirt, or the song?The song came first. Last year, I was sitting in my room with my roommate, and I think I saw someone tweet about it being the 21st of September, and I was like, “Oh, holy shit, it is.” And I had an idea just to do that, and then I immediately was like, “Oh, okay. Can I find the a cappella on Google. Can I edit it quickly?” And I got that done quicker than I thought, and then went into my room to shoot a video of me dancing to it, and then was like, “Wait, how far can I take this.” And I remember I had stencils and blank shirts, so I stenciled that on the front of the shirt and on the back of the shirt, and just kind of went for it.
Have you ever put the song on at parties or in social settings and waited for people to figure it out?No, I haven’t. But I should. A friend of mine had the idea to do that same thing with the part at the beginning of “All My Friends” that’s just piano. The LCD song. Just the idea of that continuing and never turning into the song, and seeing how long it would take people to be like, “Wait a minute.”
It always takes longer than you think it will. It always does, and it’s really funny to me, just the idea of it. I think a lot of people have seen the video and don’t recognize that the audio is severely fucked up, so I’m sure some people will be like, “Wait, how long has that been like that.”
Have you heard from Earth, Wind & Fire about it?No, I haven’t. And I can’t imagine that … I guess I don’t know what their reaction would be. I can’t imagine it would be entirely positive.
I’ve seen “September” appear in other contexts today. There’s a GIF set going around Tumblr, there’s a video of Spider-Man dancing to that song. It seems like “September” has taken on a life of its own a little bit.I haven’t seen any of those, but, like, yeah. I guess this is a thing now that we do once a year.
What does September 21 mean to you?Absolutely nothing. And hopefully it means even less in the coming years. I don’t know. I truly didn’t think about the song, or this day, in any sense other than, Oh, that was a funny thing that I did. And I get reminders of it every so often, of people just being like, “Oh my god, September 21 is gonna be great this year!”
I have another video that I guess is a follow-up video to the September video. I took a behind-the-scenes video of me filming that from a different angle, and then I watched that and was like, “Oh, well, I don’t want to show anyone this.”
Built-in screen-recording, which allows you to — you guessed it — record activity on your screen with a press of a button, is one of the many cool, new features available in iOS 11. And while this is all fine and dandy, the feature has raised some concerns when it comes to privacy, specifically the privacy of everyone’s most sacred content: their Snaps.
Many had worried that — due in part to the newness of iOS 11 — the standard notifications that get sent when someone screenshots a private snap wouldn’t yet be enabled for those who tried to secretly record messages and stories on popular apps like Snapchat and Instagram. Thankfully, it seems like Snapchat was more than prepared for this update, as screen-recording a snap totally still sends the poster a push notification identical to the one you get from regular ole screenshots.
But while your nudes and triple-chinned selfies may be safe, your artfully crafted coffee-shop layouts aren’t: Tests revealed that using screen-recording in Instagram Direct doesn’t alert the sender that their content has been captured. Whoops! It’s likely that Instagram will put out an update to patch this bug in the future, but until then, ‘Gram safely, folks.
In his first day back from paternity leave, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg jumped right back in with an appearance on Facebook Live. Only, instead of a fun chat with users, he used the product to address the intense scrutiny Facebook has come under from both the government and users concerning foreign meddling during the 2016 election, after Facebook disclosed earlier this month that it had found thousands of ad purchases made by Russia-linked accounts.
In his broadcast — accompanied by a status-update transcript, natch — Zuck said the company was disclosing data about the purchased ads to Congress, and that the company was slow to release data to the public because of privacy concerns. (It had already given data to federal prosecutors, possibly due to a subpoena.) “Disclosing content is not something we do lightly under any circumstances. We are deeply committed to safeguarding user content, regardless of the user’s nationality, and ads are user content. Federal law also places strict limitations on the disclosure of account information,” Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch wrote in an announcement accompanying the video. He also unveiled a nine-point plan for what the social network will do going forward.
That includes cooperating with current investigations and strengthening the ad-review process going forward. The most important announcement, and a rare one for Facebook, regarded stronger transparency in political ads.
This is a great step. Knowing who’s behind the things you’re seeing on Facebook, and what they’re telling other people, is a good way to rupture the filter bubbles that were exploited by malicious (and greedy) actors last year. The dark age of online political advertising, aggressively concentrated around Facebook, appears to be at an end.
Other parts of Zuckerberg’s announcement focused on collaboration with cybersecurity companies and other large tech platforms (representatives from Twitter will testify before Congress next week). In the meantime, Facebook is committed to making sure its users don’t get psyoped by the Kremlin.
Algorithms, left unchecked, can produce some horrifying results. One Guardian reporter discovered yesterday that a photo of a rape-and-death-threat email she had received and posted on Instagram was being used by Facebook (Instagram’s owner) to advertise the service.
Guardian reporter Olivia Solon found that Facebook had mined her Instagram page for posts that had drawn a lot of engagement, and then automatically used that photo to advertise Instagram to Olivia’s Facebook friends. The problem was that one of Solon’s most engaging Instagram posts was a screenshot of a threatening email she had received.
Solon discovered the ad when her sister was using Facebook and saw it. She had posted the screenshot to her Instagram page nearly a year earlier, writing, “This is an email I received this afternoon. Sadly this is all too common for women on the internet. I am sure this is just an idiot rather than any kind of credible threat but it’s still pretty vile.” The post had gotten a few sympathetic comments and likes from concerned Instagram followers — this was likely enough to trigger Instagram and Facebook’s ad-buying program into determining that Solon’s photo would do well as an advertisement for the service.
Facebook and Instagram will, no doubt, say they are taking the matter seriously and certain policies or practices will be stopped, or at least “put under review.” Machine vision recognition is sophisticated enough that, if it had been applied to whatever algorithm was spitting out these ads for Instagram, it could read and understand the text in the photos; sentiment analysis could weed out this photo (and others like it) from being used as ads. (Any worry or concern that your old Instagram photos will be mined as advertisements seems almost quaint in 2017 — of course your personal photos and data will be used for advertisements.)
The (mostly) automated process of buying ads on Facebook came under fire earlier this month, after a ProPublica report revealed that ad buyers could target users who had interests like “Jew hater,” “How to burn Jews,” or “History of why Jews ruin the world.” Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg wrote in an apology on Wednesday: “The fact that hateful terms were even offered as options was totally inappropriate and a fail on our part.”
But the bigger problem is simple: Facebook’s “How to burn Jews” advertising option comes from a targeting program that, from Facebook and ad buyer’s perspective, seemed to work very effectively — until this specific instance was found. The bit of code developed to use engaging Instagram posts from friends and family was likely found to be effective as well (and likely underwent public testing to make sure it didn’t display awful results like the above). Google has faced nearly identical problems in its attempts to clean up its “featured snippets” and auto-complete program, resulting in Google (for a time) affirming at the top of search-results pages that Barack Obama was planning a coup, or auto-completing the query “are Jews” into “are Jews evil.”
In each case, the algorithms being used by Facebook and Google likely worked very well in private and public testing. In Solon’s case, it’s easy to imagine that using an engaging photo from a friend’s Instagram feed showed good results in 100,000 tests. But Facebook and Google work with much larger numbers than that; when you have 2 billion users, things with one in a million odds could, theoretically, occur to 2,000 people. Algorithms and machine learning are relentlessly effective at sorting through massive sets of data. But they’re awful at determining whether something is decent, proper, or humane.
In the case of Prince Jones, the court ruled that “the use of a cell-site simulator to locate a person through his or her cellphone invades the person’s actual, legitimate and reasonable expectation of privacy in his or her location information and is a search.”
In a big blow to one of law enforcement’s favorite new techniques, the Washington, D.C., Court of Appeals ruled yesterday that using a Stingray without a warrant violates the Fourth Amendment prohibiting unlawful search and seizure. Stingrays are known more formally as “cell-site simulators,” mimicking the function of a cell-phone tower and used to track a phone’s location (the nickname comes from Harris Corp’s StingRay line of devices).
Stingrays are a controversial technology, because there is little formal regulation of how they should be used. Law-enforcement agencies are usually very secretive about when they use them and how, and what data they collect from them. Commenting on leaked instruction manuals last year, one tech expert told the Intercept, “The ease with which the StingRay II can be used is quite striking and there do not seem to be any technical safeguards against misuse.”
If you’ve been on Facebook over the last couple of days, you’ve probably seen some version of this chain message going around:
Like many things on Facebook, it’s totally false. Yes, if you input “following me” into the search bar you’d otherwise use to block people, a string of seemingly random people will come up. But unlike what the perpetrators of this hoax may want you to think, these accounts don’t belong to some secret network of spies — nor are they part of a grand conspiracy on the part of Facebook. Rather, they’re just the unfortunate victims of a misused search function.
Here’s why: When you search “following me,” Facebook doesn’t show you who is actually following you. (If you actually want to see that list, you have to click on the Followers section under your Friends List.) Searching this term on your Block page pulls up a list of users whose names and general information match the terms following and me as closely as possible. And though you see the names of all of the corresponding users, what you don’t see is all of the hidden and private information Facebook derives its matches from — like nicknames, “About Me” descriptions, and employment information. And that’s what the list is actually being generated from.
Unfortunately, however, everyone who’s fallen for the hoax is pulling up this list, and many of them are desperately contacting the people on it, demanding to know why they’re being followed. For the most part, the people who match these criteria are unfortunate randos — most of whom have their Facebook accounts locked down. But there’s another category of people who appear on the now-infamous list: fun-seeking trolls.
“I saw the chain letter being posted on a few of the timelines of my friends yesterday morning,” Facebook user Melissa Freck explained to me. “I’ve blocked folks before, so I knew that typing ‘following me’ into the block-people list would show me nothing but random folks. So I decided to update my nickname to ‘following me’ to see if I would get a response.”
And, boy, did she get a response. Soon after changing her nickname, Freck’s inbox was flooded with thousands of messages from people asking who she was and why she was following them.
But Freck is far from the only person to try this. Facebook user Reba Merkentire did the same: “I’ve probably gotten over a hundred friend requests, and it’s really hard to keep up with the stuff, because a lot of people want to message you and be like ‘fuck you’ and then immediately block you afterward.”
However, the messages sent by Facebook’s most gullible are anything but routine. “The most absurd thing was a guy asking to see my boobs,” Freck told me. “I did have one person just spill their life story about losing two children. I felt I needed to respond to them whether it be true or not, because they seemed to be in a dark place. I have been in that dark place and am thankful for the friends that got me through it.”
Being exposed to the brunt of a Facebook hoax’s power is apparently pretty harrowing. Quite a few voluntary members of the “following me” list quickly removed themselves after finding their inboxes flooded with messages. And for users like Freck, the experience has changed how they view the social-media platform as a whole. “Facebook is an animal,” said Freck. “I do not know how else to put it. It reaches billions of people. Unfortunately, it reminds me of the telephone game. People are [too] quick to jump on the bandwagon. We need to slow down and evaluate things before we jump into pointing fingers and accusations.”
Transport for London, the governing transit body for the Greater London metro area, has decided to not renew Uber’s private-hire license, which will expire on September 30. Without a private-hire license, it will be illegal for drivers using the Uber app to pick up passengers.
In a press release, Transport for London outlined the reasoning behind its decision, saying it “concluded that Uber London Limited is not fit and proper to hold a private hire operator licence.” It cited several reasons, including Uber’s procedure for reporting serious crimes, how it performs background checks on potential drivers, and Uber’s “Greyball” program, a tool it designed to identify and deceive government officials and regulators. (Uber admits to using the program, though it says it never used it in London.)
Uber fired back in its own statement. “3.5 million Londoners who use our app, and more than 40,000 licensed drivers who rely on Uber to make a living, will be astounded by this decision,” said Tom Elvidge, Uber’s general manager in London. “By wanting to ban our app from the capital Transport for London and the Mayor have caved in to a small number of people who want to restrict consumer choice.”
London’s Licensed Taxi Drivers’ Association, which represents London’s iconic black-cab drivers, hailed the decision. “Since it first came onto our streets Uber has broken the law, exploited its drivers and refused to take responsibility for the safety of passengers,” a spokesperson said to the Independent. “We expect Uber will again embark on a spurious legal challenge against the Mayor and [Transport for London], and we will urge the court to uphold this decision. This immoral company has no place on London’s streets.”
London’s mayor Sadiq Khan said he was behind the decision. “All companies in London must play by the rules and adhere to the high standards we expect — particularly when it comes to the safety of customers,” he said in a statement to the press. “Providing an innovative service must not be at the expense of customer safety and security.”
Uber will have 21 days to appeal the decision in the courts, and will be allowed to continue to operate in the city until the appeals process is completed. Uber has been in London since 2013, while rivals such as Lyft and Juno have, to date, been unable to make entry into England’s largest city. That said, there are ride-hailing-app alternatives available to Londoners, including Gett, Kabbee, and MyTaxi.
The iPhone X doesn’t come out until November, but in case you forgot, there’s another new iPhone coming out today. The iPhone 8, a minor spec bump over last year’s iPhone 7, is on sale, but Apple seems to have misjudged the optics. Usually, iPhone launches are defined by long lines and die-hard fans camping out, but by introducing the iPhone X at the same time, the company appears to have kneecapped itself. The traditional photos of Apple fans crowded in long lines waiting to get the latest device are nowhere to be found. It’s the X they’re waiting for, and the 8 is just a sideshow.
An anecdote: Last year, when I went to pick up the iPhone 7 at the Apple Store in Soho, I was told that even though I had an appointment at 1, I would have to wait an hour in a line stretching around the corner (I laughed and just came back a few hours later). Compare that with this morning, when the iPhone line had cleared out 20 minutes after the store opened at 8.
Nearby, at an Apple Store by the bustling World Trade Center, the line was a minor hassle, instead of a spectacle.
On West 14th Street, three people waited in line.
It’s not thrilling in the rest of the country, either. In Scottsdale, Arizona, three people camped out.
From Palo Alto, Apple’s backyard, comes this savage video — a time lapse of the entire waiting queue that lasts just one second. In past years, a standard coverage technique is to see how long it takes to walk down the entire line; this year, you don’t even have to take a step.
In the U.K., according to Mashable, there were more Apple employees than customers waiting to pick up the devices. In China, CNET reports, Apple had to remove the barricades outside the stores, because there were no rabid iPhone 8 fans in need of containment.
In Boston, there was one person in line at the Boylston store around 6 this morning, but it eventually grew to a couple dozen before the doors opened. By 9 a.m., the line had disappeared.
The crowd was more substantial in other places. Apple’s flagship store on Fifth Avenue in NYC sported a long line. In San Francisco, the tech capital of the world, there was a long line, but smaller than years past.
In Singapore, a hefty number of fans were in line the night before.
Using launch-day lines as tea leaves to divine iPhone sales is an imprecise art, but the overall message is clear: People seem to regard the iPhone 8 as a half-step. It’s an iPhone, so it’ll still perform decently in terms of sales, but the optics are off. The public spectacle of an iPhone launch didn’t happen today. What’s the point of camping out and getting hyped for the 8 when the marquee iPhone X comes out in six weeks?
Top-level domains, the parts like .com and .biz, that come at the end of URLs, have grown much more varied in the last few years. That’s thanks to a massive expansion from ICANN, which has added things like .pizza and .limo to the list. One of the earliest specific domains was .cat, a reference not to the animal but to Catalan, the language. It’s pretty easy to register a .cat domain (see: nyan.cat), but the organization that approves them, puntCAT, audits them to make sure that the sites are available in Catalan.
Here’s where it get thorny: Catalonia, the Spanish region where the language is most prevalent, is planning to hold a referendum on October 1 over the question of whether the region should secede from Spain. Spanish leaders have declared that secession violates the Spanish constitution, and are starting to crack down. The Guardian reports that this week “has seen 14 senior Catalan officials arrested, almost 10m ballot papers seized and thousands more police ordered to the region.”
Caught in the midst of all of this is puntCAT (which means “dot cat”). PuntCAT stated in a letter to ICANN, the body that governs the technical underpinnings of the internet, that Spanish authorities had asked it to “block all .cat domain names that may contain any kind of information about the forthcoming independence referendum,” according to a letter translated by the New York Times. ICANN said it is monitoring the situation.
In the meantime, Spanish authorities raided the offices of puntCAT on Wednesday, and arrested at least one executive. The fate of the .cat domain name remains unknown, an odd minor detail in a separatist movement causing turbulence in Spain.
This is the root of the problem. If Tinder were to do away with linked Instagram accounts tomorrow, the problem wouldn’t be fixed. If Instagram removed DMs, nothing would change. Tindstagramming doesn’t happen simply because it’s easy, or because the app’s algorithm is subpar; it happens because a lot of guys (both online and IRL) still don’t trust in a woman’s ability to say no and mean it. Tindstagramming isn’t a problem with Instagram, or even with Tinder — it’s a problem with men.
By now, we know that Facebook has become a key tool for anyone — troll, politician, state power — hoping to spread disinformation and manipulate political communities online. That is, in part, what the social network was designed for: amplifying reach and influence across borders. But in line with Silicon Valley’s generally utopian footing, Mark Zuckerberg has been slow to acknowledge that a tool such as Facebook can be used in bad faith.
As the Washington Post reported last night, Zuckerberg even shrugged off warnings from President Obama himself.
Obama’s warnings, as described by the Post, line up with what we already know about Russian influence operations: that the White House knew about the meddling but was undecided about how to handle it, and that Zuckerberg didn’t see it as a big deal. But that was a year ago. The site is now grappling with revelations that Russian government-linked agencies purchased political ads as part of a sophisticated and wide-ranging disinformation campaign, and Zuckerberg is — slowly — admitting publicly how badly his platform was misused. It would have been nice if he’d listened to Obama in the first place.
Why would you go to so much trouble to message someone who’s already indicated that she’s not interested? The Tindstagrammer knows that the person he’s contemplating Super Liking will probably never match with him, but the issue is that he vehemently believes it’s not his fault. “Tinder profile[s], most of the time, don’t provide enough information for you to find common ground with the other person,” Daniel Elf, a Tindstagrammer from Tel Aviv, explained to me. “[But] when sending an IG message, I can show myself — as my Instagram is a layer in an internet persona [that] I consciously built.”
In London today, the director of advocacy group Cage was convicted on terrorism charges because he refused to give airport security the passwords to his electronics. Muhammad Rabbani was convicted of obstructing counterterrorism operations by not ceding access to his laptop and cell phone.
Heathrow Airport authorities contend that the stop was lawful, though Rabbani was not charged with any other crime at the time of the inspection. The court handed down a conditional discharge of 12 months, meaning no jail time, and ordered him to pay 620 pounds. On Twitter, Cage announced that Rabbani was considering appealing the decision.
According to The Guardian, Rabbani was stopped last November while returning from a wedding in Qatar. At the wedding, he “met a man who alleged that he had been tortured in the US.” (Cage’s work focuses on civil rights in the context of the war on terror.)
In the meantime, the ruling sets a precedent that could have severe consequences for anyone handling sensitive information and traveling into the United Kingdom, where refusal to unlock devices for authorities could lead to prosecution. In the United States, the legality of being forced to provide device passwords when crossing the border is unclear. For local law enforcement, it is generally accepted that one can legally refuse to provide alphanumeric passwords.
“Like the Galaxy S8 and Note 8, our tests show that the all-glass iPhone 8 and 8 Plus break on the first drop on all sides,” said Jason Siciliano, vice-president and global creative director at SquareTrade. “Wireless charging is the future, no doubt. But it seems that Apple and Samsung have made a choice — to sacrifice durability in the name of innovation.”
According to a recent study conducted by SquareTrade Labs, the latest generation of iPhones are anything but shatter-resistant. When dropped facedown, the screens of both the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus received so much damage, they were rendered nearly unusable. (Meanwhile, Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 survived the same drop with only a few hairline cracks.) And thanks to the 8 and 8 Plus’s new all-glass design, dropping them on their backs wasn’t any better. Both models lost serious chunks of glass from the fall, with the 8 Plus’s back shattering completely.
An iPhone that wouldn’t shatter after being dropped? When Apple said as much while introducing the new, glass-backed iPhone 8 two weeks ago, it sounded too good to be true. And, it turns out it was.
If you’ve ever felt afraid walking alone at night, or threatened by those around you, you need to know about Emergency SOS.
The new feature, included in Apple’s latest update to the iPhone operating system, allows you to quickly and inconspicuously contact emergency services with just the push of a button — well, five pushes of a button. Emergency SOS can be engaged by clicking the sleep/wake button on the side of your iPhone five times, after which it automatically connects you with your local emergency services. (Bonus: It also disables Touch ID, so no one can force you to open your phone with your thumbprint.)
The new feature seems as if it will be particularly helpful for women, who have often had to rely on third-party apps such as SafeTrek in order to feel safe while walking at night. And though the ideal solution to this problem would be a safer world for women, this latest move by Apple is certainly a step in the right direction.
In order to set this up, you need to first download iOS 11. (It’s wonderful, trust me.) Then, go into Settings, find Emergency SOS, and switch on Auto Call. You can also add a list of people whom you’d like to be contacted if you place a call through Emergency SOS.
Prospective U.S. immigrants will be required to turn over their social-media handles and profile information to the Department of Homeland Security, per a new policy outlined by the agency.
In other words, if you’re an immigrant — or even just applying for the chance to be one — not only will you have to worry about the U.S. government combing through your various social-media profiles, but that they will also be able to obtain information on you through basically any and all digital means available. The unnervingly vague nature of the term “information sharing agreements” used in No. 11 speaks to this, as it could conceivably grant the DHS access to any information collected by surveillance agencies the U.S. has a partnership with, not to mention the wealth of personal data stored by companies like Google and Facebook.
News like this comes after a tumultuous year for privacy and security advocates, in the U.S. and abroad: In the U.K., NGO director Muhammad Rabbani was convicted on terrorism charges earlier this week for refusing to hand over his passwords to airport security. On our side of the Atlantic, the Trump administration has been trying to push a policy of (social-media-based) “extreme vetting” through for months. And though there are many unanswered questions regarding this new addition to the vetting process, it’s difficult to predict how it will be implemented until the policy officially goes into effect on October 18th.
The announcement contains 12 addendums that each expand the breadth of the original rule, with No. 5 and No. 11 coming in as by far the most worrying:
First reported by BuzzFeed News, the new rule was published in the Federal Register last week, and grants the DHS and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) the ability to access the “social media handles, aliases, associated identifiable information, and search results” of any and all immigrants — including both permanent residents and naturalized citizens. While this announcement on its own raises a whole host of serious privacy concerns, perhaps one of the most insidiously alarming parts of the new policy is its total lack of specificity.
New comment controls rolling out today allow users to restrict comments to people you follow, people who follow you, or both, as opposed to the maximalist “everyone” setting. In the Settings menu, under Comments, just tap “Allow Comments From” to set your preferred setting.
About a year ago, as part of an effort to stem harassment on its platform, Instagram introduced filters that allowed users to exclude certain words (or, say, snake emoji) from comments. Today, the company announced that it’s taking user controls a step further by offering broad filtering — not just on comments’ contents, but on who can actually leave one.
This is a great feature, and a sign that Instagram — like its big-platform peers — is realizing that “Hey, maybe we don’t need to offer all of our users unfettered access to each other in order to request more feet pics?”
The photography platform also rolled out another change that allows users to anonymously report live videos in which someone might be attempting to do harm, either to themselves or others. Also, there are more heart stickers.
According to the Register:
A minor mystery is running through the cryptocurrency world today after code that commanded computers to “mine” a bitcoin-like currency called Monero appeared on websites for premium-cable channel Showtime. In other words, while you were getting confused by Twin Peaks, your browser was pumping out digital coinage.
Showtime’s sites have since removed all traces of the miner. They’re not in great company though — malware sites and Chrome extensions have been found to be silently running the code in the past. The infamous torrent directory the Pirate Bay was also testing it last week.
In this case, someone (Showtime owner CBS did not respond to the Register’s questions) plucked ready-made code from a site called Coinhive and used unsuspecting visitors to help them create quote, unquote “wealth.” This isn’t necessarily nefarious — Coinhive’s stuff is made for this precise purpose — but that doesn’t explain how a major broadcasting company got roped in. And because high-def streaming video usually causes processors to run hot, strain on one’s processor wouldn’t seem out of the ordinary.
Cryptocurrency-mining is a complicated process, but in its essence, “mining” is accomplished by having a computer solve very complex (and processor-intensive) mathematical equations to produce coins. Therefore, by harnessing more processing power, one can generate coins more quickly.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has a new memoir out, and as part of his press tour, he and Bill Gates gave a joint interview to The Wall Street Journal. Gates is, of course, most famous for being able to jump over an office chair from a standing position, and also for having co-founded a world-changing computing company and being the richest person in the world.
The whole interview is good, if light — it may surprise you to learn this, but these two extremely wealthy and successful businessmen are smart and articulate. But this particular question (and Gates’s answer) stuck out:
Secondly, Gates talks about these companies having “infinite resources” for R&D. He’s not exaggerating by much — these companies are almost incomprehensibly wealthy. But more importantly, having resources for R&D at that scale places them in an almost unchallengeable position within the market: Who can compete on new technology?
Gates isn’t saying anything that isn’t very clear to anyone paying attention. But he’s also one of very few tech executives who’s faced an actual antitrust lawsuit. It’s hard not to wonder what he thinks of the increasingly loud accusations of anti-competitive activity faced by the four other companies in Microsoft’s coterie — especially since, as he admits openly, they operate on a very small playing field with inexhaustible funding and resources, which allow them to gobble up minor players, snuff them out, or at least keep them fenced in.
A couple of things jump out from this exchange. Firstly, there’s Gates’s acknowledgment of “four other gigantic companies” — that is, Apple, Google, Facebook, and Amazon. These five corporations are widely acknowledged as the most dominant companies in the tech industry, and while it’s not rare to hear an executive of one brag about the size of his company, it is a bit irregular to hear companies acknowledge how small the playing field is, how dominant they are, and how few threats they face.
Starting today, if you’re a jerk to your Uber driver, you’ll hear about it. As part of its “180 days of change” apology tour, Uber is launching a new feature that allows drivers to review their passengers (in full detail!) following an unsavory trip.
According to the Verge, it works like this: If your Uber driver rates you four stars or lower after you finish your ride, they’ll be prompted to explain why. Drivers can choose from a list of common reasons to properly explain just how shitty you were. Options include: “wait time,” “patience,” “number of riders,” “attitude,” “wanted new route,” or “other.” (Shockingly, “blew chunks all over my backseat” is not yet available.) If you receive the same note more than once in a 30-day period, Uber will let you know you’re being a bad passenger through a push notification.
The notification also supposedly reminds problem riders that continuing to engage in these bad habits will tank their Uber rating. And while that’s probably not the most fun message to read when you’re hopelessly drunk and in deep Brooklyn, it’s significantly better than the radio silence riders had been treated to before.
Until now, passenger ratings had been mostly shrouded in mystery. You could see your rating. You could proudly boast about your unusually high rating to your friends. But you couldn’t ever really put your finger on why and how that number got there. With the implementation of this detailed passenger-review system, though, things might be changing. While only time will tell whether passive-aggressive push notifications will do anything to change passenger behavior, it seems plausible that the feature could result in a better experience for both riders and drivers alike.
Twitter announced this afternoon that it would test a significant change to its defining feature: the 140-character limit. For a small random sample of users, the site will allow tweets that reach up to 280 characters. That’s, for those of you bad at math, double the current limit, which was chosen based on SMS character limits — a technical obstacle that has vanished as smartphones have taken over.
With that out of the way, there’s a second big question: why? According to the official blog post announcing the test, it has to do with the not-very-dense Latin alphabet. “Our research shows us that the character limit is a major cause of frustration for people Tweeting in English, but it is not for those Tweeting in Japanese,” writes product manager Aliza Rosen and software engineer Ikuhiro Ihara. “Also, in all markets, when people don’t have to cram their thoughts into 140 characters and actually have some to spare, we see more people Tweeting — which is awesome!” More people tweeting means more people using Twitter, and more users means more chances to monetize that activity in some way.
The third big question, and the one animating the Twitter-power-user scene right now, is: Is this bad? I can’t say for sure but I don’t think so. Right now, plenty of people just take screenshots of longer text snippets — say, from the Notes app — and upload them as images when they can’t fit what they want to say into 140 characters. Raising the character limit might make more verbose users post in text rather than images. Text, of course, is searchable (this was a similar line of thinking CEO Jack Dorsey offered last year when he flirted with letting people post much longer text attachments). Twitter has already made other tweaks this year to allow more characters in tweets, excluding media attachments and preceding @-handles from the character count, neither of which have considerably changed the experience, (save for the first couple of days when users try to push the limits of a new feature by tagging 50 users in a single post).
To answer your first question, the test is among a small random sample, so the odds are pretty good that the president isn’t in it. But, boy, who’s excited for him to find out?
There’s no timetable for when the limit upgrade will be available widely. Maybe it will fail and never roll out. But considering the PR rollout corresponding with the decision, I’d bet on the former.
The story we tell goes something like this: Two-and-a-half centuries ago, Ben Franklin walked out into a thunderstorm with a kite; tied to the string of the kite was a small key; the key developed a charge, and Benjamin Franklin — inventor, philosopher, publisher, lecher — discovered electricity.
Over the course of the 19th century, as Babbage worked on his engines and Daguerre on his images, electricity would be isolated and tamed, herded into a grid and used to power the tools and devices that used to be powered by burning things, like coal or wood. Great fortunes would be made on its back; and two men, Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse, would enter into a struggle over who controlled its system of transmission. Alternating current, Westinghouse’s system, eventually won out — though in 1903, Edison produced the moving picture “Electrocuting an Elephant,” a 74-second film depicting the execution of unruly circus elephant Topsy.
Across the English Channel, a Frenchman named Louis Daguerre was drawing on centuries’ worth of scientific work in optics and chemistry to create lasting images by cast light on a chemical-treated metal plate. This process, called the “daguerreotype process,” created what are understood to be the first photographs.
A few decades after Franklin’s experiment with the kite and the key, a man named Charles Babbage was born. Babbage was a talented mathematician, and over the course of his life, collaborating with another genius named Ada Lovelace, he developed concepts for what he called a “Difference Engine,” to compile mathematical tables, and an “Analytical Engine,” for a wider variety of computational tasks. His ideas, unfortunately, exceeded the physical limits of engineering in his day, and neither machine was fully completed by the time of his death.
Engineering, meanwhile, had finally caught up with Babbage’s dreams. Room-size computational systems contracted at exponential rates. By the 1980s, it was possible to have a marvel of engineering and integrated circuitry that allowed users to perform billions of calculations at once on your office desk. By the 2010s, most people had one in their pockets. In many cases, it was a camera, too.
As electricity entered more homes, so, too, did cameras. In 1935, the camera company Eastman Kodak released Kodachrome film, and the pastime of photography moved permanently outward from the domain of the expensive professional to the middle-class amateur. Soon thereafter, Edwin Land invented the Polaroid instant camera, leading to a revolution in cheap, spontaneous photography.
We stand, to paraphrase Isaac Newton, on the shoulders of giants. Millennia of human striving, of cultural production and memory, of thought and debate, of trade and war, of genius and hardship, has led us here, to this moment, the fourth anniversary of someone sewing an egg to a shirt. The electricity powering the sewing machine and the servers hosting the image. The feats of engineering that gave us devices to host and spread the image across the globe. The optical trickery that allows us to save a singular image frozen in time, so that it may be enjoyed many times. The egg sewed to a shirt is a milestone we are able to bear witness to, and to celebrate, because of the achievements of those who came before. We thank you.
Yesterday, Twitter announced that it was launching an experiment in which a small number of randomly selected users would be given the ability to send tweets of up to 280 characters — twice the former limit. Twitter users got extremely mad about it! But I, personally, got extremely excited: Now I could endanger my job and alienate my friends twice as efficiently as before. Unfortunately, I wasn’t part of the selected group of tweeters. Fortunately, someone has built a work-around. Read below for how to access Twitter God Mode.
1. Install the browser extension Tampermonkey (here’s the Chrome version; here’s the Safari version), which lets you install customized user scripts to your browser.
2. Install the “Twitter Cramming” user script located here by clicking on the “Raw” button.
3. Tweet at 280 characters. The script works by preventing Twitter from disabling the “tweet” button once you go over 140 characters, and in some cases, you may need to reload the page for the character counter to turn off.
There are certain industries that inspire outsize amounts of rage when they screw up. Airlines are one. TV providers are another. But angry comment for angry comment, there may be no more rage-inducing business than package delivery. If you want to garner widespread customer fury, just deliver a package late or damaged and wait for the storm to roll in. LaserShip — an Uber-like service that delivers packages for Amazon, Walmart, and Sephora, among others — might just be the most hated company on the internet. Some comments, helpfully gathered by the criticism website LaserShit.com:
LaserShip — and the ocean of dissatisfied customers it leaves in its wake — is an inevitable result of stratospheric growth. Reliable shipping companies like FedEx, UPS, and the USPS aren’t able to deliver all of the same-day, next-day, and two-day packages that Amazon’s Prime customers are paying for, and the infrastructure just isn’t there to do it as cheaply and efficiently as Amazon needs. That’s led to parasitic companies popping up to take advantage of Amazon’s need for cheap, fast package delivery. The poster child might just be LaserShip.
Amazon uses a variety of ways to get people their packages. Because its volume is so huge, an algorithm automatically chooses the best available option between the USPS, UPS, FedEx, Amazon’s own Flex delivery service, and any of several companies Amazon calls DSPs, or delivery-service providers. Customers can’t select which shipping service they’d prefer; there’s too high a chance that one of those companies is maxed out on how many deliveries it’s making, or that the cost for Amazon would be too high. A same-day delivery done by FedEx could cost Amazon $50, according to Kevin Porter, who has worked for LaserShip, FedEx, and UPS as a courier. So Amazon sources cheaper options. One of those is LaserShip.
Twitter and many message boards, including posts on Amazon’s own forums, are full of complaints about LaserShip. Packages aren’t delivered. Packages are delivered late — this is more troubling given that Amazon often claims a strict delivery window of the same day, the next day, or in two days — or are left outside. Packages are marked as delivered and not delivered. Packages are delivered to the wrong address. Packages are often just completely lost. (The message for that one is, “LaserShip is unable to confirm control of your package at this time.”) Sometimes, an error will show up on the tracking page: “Parcel damaged and will be discarded.” Customers who attempt to contact LaserShip report being totally unable to solve their problems; they are better off contacting Amazon or whichever company they originally purchased their item from.
There are thousands of complaints about LaserShip. Do a Twitter search for the company’s name and you’ll find dozens of tweets per day, essentially none of them positive. (There’s a slight bias there; when was the last time you tweeted that the mail got to you on time? Still, though.) A single one of the threads on Amazon’s forums about LaserShip has nearly 6,500 posts, with more added frequently. Yelp reviews of a facility in New Jersey — one star out of five, 192 reviews — are almost entirely from people who have just had packages delivered, or not delivered, by LaserShip. Few people seem to have actually interacted with the New Jersey facility in any direct way. There’s even a Change.org petition for Amazon to stop using LaserShip.
LaserShip was started in 1986 as a document-delivery service, but within a few years, landed Barnes & Noble as a client during the dot-com boom. Ever since, the company has expanded from its Vienna, Virginia, headquarters, just outside Washington, D.C., to deliver to most of the East Coast. The company, despite its age, is structured like a sharing-economy service: Its couriers are independent contractors, not employees, and those couriers must use their own cars and pay for all expenses, including gas and repairs. Couriers for LaserShip are paid by the package; Porter told me that he was paid between $2 and $4 per package earlier this quarter.
But to make its service affordable, LaserShip cuts corners at every available opportunity. (The company did not return multiple requests for comment.) “Their equipment sucked,” said one former employee who asked to remain anonymous. “It was hard to do our job with bad supplies.” The handheld scanners, said this employee, frequently broke down and were hard to use. The routes, set up by LaserShip employees, were often wrong or incomplete. The company delivers in major cities, but unlike the USPS, does not get apartment codes or keys, meaning that packages are often left outside to be stolen or damaged.
Again, unlike Amazon’s Flex service, which pays its similarly structured couriers by blocks of time, the LaserShip couriers are paid by the package, which encourages them to make as many deliveries as possible in the shortest amount of time. There are many videos of LaserShip couriers throwing fragile packages out of car windows in the general direction of houses.
“I saw piles of packages that weren’t delivered,” says the anonymous former LaserShip courier. They would sit in those piles for days, the courier said, sometimes never actually leaving the facility, and eventually marked as “undeliverable.” One of the most common errors that LaserShip commits — marking an item as delivered when it has not been — makes more sense in that context; couriers have a financial incentive to simply claim an item was delivered and deal with the consequences later, if there are any.
Partly, the problem is also due to the apparent lack of screening or training for couriers. “LaserShip has the worst drivers. No training. All independent contractors,” says Porter, who delivered packages in Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky. An anonymous LaserShip courier conducted a Reddit AMA where he claimed many drivers had a limited understanding of English, which could impact their ability to navigate a route. “They will hire anybody (seriously) you don’t even have to know a lick of english. Have a car and drivers license? Bam you’re hired,” he wrote. Pay seems to vary; couriers I spoke to reported wages ranging from $500 per week to $1,500 per week, though that’s before gas and wear-and-tear on the courier’s car, which can cost hundreds of dollars each week.
LaserShip primarily handles the most demanding aspects of delivery, while simultaneously being the least capable of performing that job. The company often delivers same-day packages or provides extra deliveries during peak periods like the Christmas season, according to former couriers I spoke to. Several former couriers also said that some blame might lie with Amazon, that packages LaserShip is supposed to deliver do not actually arrive to the LaserShip dispatch centers. Whether that problem lies with Amazon or with the path that packages take from an Amazon distribution center to a LaserShip dispatch is not clear.
LaserShip has also been embroiled in several lawsuits. The company settled a 2014 lawsuit for $800,000 after Massachusetts couriers accused the company of misclassifying them as independent contractors instead of employees. A New York lawsuit accused the company of violating the Fair Labor Standards Act by making unlawful deductions to their wages, failing to pay wages, and failing to pay overtime when the couriers worked in excess of 40 hours per week.
Amazon declined to give me an on-the-record interview about LaserShip, but did provide the following statement: “Across the U.S., small and medium sized businesses provide work opportunities to thousands of individuals who deliver packages to Amazon customers. These businesses have their own employees and are required to abide by applicable laws and Amazon’s Supplier Code of Conduct, which focuses on fair wages, benefits, appropriate working hours and compensation. Safety and customer trust are our top priorities, which is why we require delivery service providers to conduct comprehensive background checks for their employee drivers.”
What I learned from the LaserShip employees, as well as customers, suggests that LaserShip is not conducting anything like a “comprehensive background check,” which may be in violation of the company’s contract with Amazon. In any case, frequent LaserShip victims recommend that Amazon customers opt for two-day shipping — usually done through big, respectable organizations like the USPS and FedEx, which Porter says “babysits” their packages — rather than same-day or next-day shipping, which might be shipped through LaserShip. To take the step of opting for a slower delivery in order to ensure that your package arrives at all feels crazy, but this is all a result of a nation-state company like Amazon growing so fast; the infrastructure of existing delivery services is not capable of doing what Amazon needs. The weird little parasites like LaserShip are a species that’s found a niche in the market wherein Amazon doesn’t really have much of a choice but to put up with them. Customers, though, don’t seem all that eager to do the same.
Amazon, the website where you buy all of your stuff from, spent the afternoon announcing roughly seven bazillion new Echo devices. They are multiplying like rabbits. The most important and interesting new device might be Echo Spot, a small device with a 2.5-inch screen that you can keep on your bedside table like an alarm clock.
There’s also a new flagship Echo model that’s shorter and, wrapped in fabric, softer than the old one. The new echo has Dolby Digital audio and a better far-field microphone, so you’ll both be heard better and get better sound, when you ask your Alexa to order more Doritos.
If you’re sick of the Skynet-like, pitch-black, semi-reflective column of doom that characterized the old Echo, the new Echo has a cloth cover, so you can customize its appearance. (Clearly, Amazon learned a thing from Google’s home speaker.) If you preferred the column of doom, the body of the old Echo has been refashioned into the Echo Plus, which starts at $149.
Amazon also announced a new API and Echo Buttons, which will let developers making third-party programs for Alexa create new ways to interact with the tech. (Hasbro’s making a version of Trivial Pursuit for it.)
It can also make phone calls — Amazon’s introducing a supplementary gadget, the Echo Connect, which will let you take and make calls on your Echo using your landline number.
The new Echo also supports multiroom setups, so if you have an Echo in each room, you can link them up to play music simultaneously, making the Echo a budget-priced threat to speaker-makers like Sonos. It’s only $99 — $80 cheaper than the first model — and you can save $50 by buying a three-pack.
Is there a mainstream consumer-tech hardware manufacturer more delightfully weird than Amazon? I don’t think so. This afternoon, almost without warning and certainly without the kind of hype we’ve come to expect from mainline tech companies, Amazon announced a handful of new devices in its Echo line of home-assistant speakers: a big Echo! A small Echo! An alarm-clock Echo, with a screen! It had the sensibility of a robot randomly generating new Echo ideas, all for the purpose of creating devices that you will place all over your home, so you can yell from any room and get Monster Energy drinks with free two-day shipping.
Apple in general, and the iPhone in particular, created a Silicon Valley culture of meticulously curated and highly streamlined product lines. The uniformity and consistency of Apple’s products helped rocket the company to incredible success (“There’s only one new iPhone”), and Microsoft and Google have generally attempted to follow suit with devices like the Pixel phone (framed as the purest Android phone) and the Microsoft Surface (the purest Windows tablet). Amazon … has not. In an era where large tech makers follow the Apple mold and attempt to exercise meticulous self-control, Amazon’s attitude appears to be “AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH fuck it.”
There are nine devices with the Echo label attached. They are the Echo, the Echo Dot (smaller, cheaper), the Echo Show (it’s got a screen), the Tap (portable speaker with Alexa capability), the Echo Look (a camera that you put in your closet so it can judge your fashion choices), the Echo Plus (works as a smart-home hub), and the Echo Spot (alarm-clock-like). There’s also the Echo Connect accessory, for using your landline with the Echo to make calls, and the Echo Button, which is just a button that API developers can use as another method of interaction (today’s example used the Button as a trivia-game buzzer).
And as uncool as it is, it’s sort of … catching on? Apple, once the king of our-product-or-the-highway, now offers at least six different iPhone models in its stores. The kitchen-sink approach to technology and consumer choice is truly back, in that you can choose which uncanny future-tech method with which you’d like to interface with Amazon, the virtually incontestable dominant force dictating the future of retail in all of its many forms.
Each of these gadgets is almost certainly good, in the sense that it works well at its functions. What they are not is cool. Apple, whose business model is high-margin luxury electronics, may have made it compulsory for gadgets to be cool; Amazon, whose business model is to draw families into their logistics network to sell as many diapers as possible, does not care. It will pump out Echoes in an infinite number of form factors and not once wonder if it should focus on streamlining its product line.
Having solved the thorny problem of patriotism and protest by tweeting incessantly about the NFL, Donald Trump has moved on to another top administrative priority: Facebook. “Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) & @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?” he tweeted yesterday, for reasons that I imagine had to do with whatever was on cable news at that moment.
More rigorous analysis of the media environment in which the election took place has found that “fake news” in its most technical definition — intentional hoaxes designed to make money from advertisements — likely had little effect on the election. But that doesn’t mean that Facebook gets off the hook. A study last year from Harvard’s Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society found, through social-media analysis, that Facebook and other social-media sites had created an “attention backbone” that allowed conspiracy theories and far-right beliefs to work their way from fringe media up to mainstream media outlets.
Facebook has been under a particularly intense spotlight over the last few weeks, after admitting that Russian actors had purchased $100,000 worth of political ads on its platforms between 2015 and 2017. The added burden of an unpredictable president declaring war is a lot more than most companies could bear.
And this played out more often on one side than the other. “Conservative media is more partisan and more insular than the left,” the study found, meaning that the two poles of the media landscape are center-left and far-right. In other words, there is not an equal distribution or cross-pollination of ideas across different political spheres on Facebook — not quite the neutral platform for all ideas Zuckerberg holds up. The Berkman Klein report concluded that “[d]isproportionate popularity on Facebook is a strong indicator of highly partisan and unreliable media.”
But for all Zuck’s tone of indignation, Trump making an enemy out of Facebook is, in this current moment, the best thing that could happen to the company. And for all the outcry, the Russian-ads controversy will be similarly beneficial in the long term. As its role in politics is finally being intently examined, with regulation and sanction from the government theoretically on the table, specific bad actors like “Russian operatives” allow Facebook to make minor changes to its platform without addressing root issues. And castigation from the president allows Facebook to step back and claim that complaints from both sides are proof that the site truly is a neutral “platform for all ideas,” and not a political force that demands attention or regulation.
For most of last year, the political heat on Facebook has come from liberals. The charges were at first fairly simple: Facebook had not been diligent enough in preventing misinformation, and its laxity had allowed hoaxes and lies to reach enormous audiences. In the months after the election, “fake news” blossomed into a moral panic.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg protested, naturally. “Every day I work to bring people together and build a community for everyone. We hope to give all people a voice and create a platform for all ideas,” he wrote in a status update yesterday. “Trump says Facebook is against him. Liberals say we helped Trump. Both sides are upset about ideas and content they don’t like. That’s what running a platform for all ideas looks like.”
Facebook doesn’t see itself as a media organization. It sees itself as a distribution network — a so-called “dumb pipe” that mostly doesn’t discriminate about what passes through. That’s how Russia enters into it. A highly partisan, more or less completely unregulated platform that allows advertisers to pay for further reach is ripe for exploitation. The Internet Research Agency, Russia’s premier “troll farm,” reportedly experimented with posts and events to get conservatives riled up about issues like immigration, terrorism, and LGBTQ rights. They even created events and political rallies, which functioned as messaging in their own way, even if the events themselves were actually flops. Now that knowledge of these Russian-backed troll pages has come out, Facebook executives will likely be forced to testify in front of Congress, and possibly submit to FEC regulations.
At the same time, Trump’s anger both protects Zuckerberg against cries from the left (“The right is mad too!”), and allows Facebook to triangulate itself as the neutral platform that everyone hates. Funnily enough, Zuckerberg all but admits this. He writes that “the data we have has always shown that our broader impact — from giving people a voice to enabling candidates to communicate directly to helping millions of people vote — played a far bigger role in this election” than fake news or Russian ads. He’s right. That’s the problem.
But in the long term, the hang-up on Russia is great for Zuckerberg. To recap what we know, Facebook found ads bought by the Kremlin-linked Internet Research Agency — about 3,000 ads with a spend in the low six figures. That doesn’t get you a ton of reach on Facebook. The Russian operation, while concerning and in obvious need of regulation, likely did not affect the election outcome in any discernible way. But the fervor over it, tied into overarching suspicion of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, allows Zuckerberg to apologize for a minor oopsie and publicly fix a problem, while skirting the much larger issue: that Facebook has exacerbated partisanship to extreme levels and tilted the media environment toward the right wing as a result.
Soon, putting together Ikea furniture might not be a life- and/or marriage-ruining experience. Recode reports that the Swedish home-goods giant has purchased the on-demand work app TaskRabbit for an undisclosed amount. The move will hopefully help remedy the worst part of any Ikea purchase: the assembly.
TaskRabbit is practically the poster child for the gig economy, well-known for connecting users with its army of freelance workers to perform a wide variety of odd jobs. You can hire Taskers to help you move, clean out your closet, or even organize your weekly schedule, but by far one of the most popular uses of the app is furniture assembly. The acquisition will likely come as a relief to most Ikea customers, who previously had to choose from a variety of third-party options when it came to assembling their surprisingly complicated Malm bed frame.
TaskRabbit will also help Ikea expand in the digital furniture market, where it is currently in tough competition with Amazon. “We will be able to learn from TaskRabbit’s digital expertise, while also providing Ikea customers additional ways to access flexible and affordable service solutions to meet the needs of today’s customer,” Jesper Brodin, president and CEO of Ikea Group, said in a statement.
Last night, as I was preparing to get my full eight hours of sleep, I saw chatter on Twitter advising everyone to watch Justin Bieber’s Instagram Story. Bieber, a pop star known for the time he abandoned a monkey in Germany, was showing off the many things in his house. He sang about his hats. He sang about his indoor putting green and his mink carpet. He sang about popcorn and a plate of fruit, and a Louis Vuitton skateboard.
He also had this one Guitar Hero controller, which confused me. Full disclosure: My brain is broken. His possession of it threw me for such a loop that I lay awake pondering for many hours how, in 2017, Justin Bieber had a readily accessible Guitar Hero II controller that was a decade old and kinda obsolete.
Justin Bieber would’ve been 13 at the time. I ditched the X-Plorer controller as soon as I could, selling it to a friend in high school along with some extra cash in exchange for a wireless controller. There are many better controllers compatible with this game out there. Following the guitar-game genre’s slow crash a couple of years ago, you could buy most of these controllers for a song (no pun intended).
One of the biggest problems with the “X-Plorer” controller, modeled on the classic Gibson guitar shape, was that you had to plug it into the Xbox, despite the fact that the 360 supported wireless controllers. Wired controllers didn’t exactly gel with a game like this: How can you express your passionate playing when you’re tethered to the console. Just six months later, Activision would release the 360 version of Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock with a wireless controller.
To explain why this bothered me, here is some history. In April of 2007, Activision released a version of Guitar Hero II for the Xbox 360. Because it was the first guitar-controller game on the platform, it was initially sold only in a bundle: the game and controller together.
So why, in the year 2017, does Justin Bieber, one of the most successful musicians in the world, have a decade-old, technically inferior Guitar Hero controller lying around? Why would he do this? Is he still playing the 360 version of Guitar Hero II? Is he using its USB connection for something PC-related? Why? Why is he doing this? Justin … why?
You probably didn’t know this, but most smartphones have an FM radio inside of them. And while, in a world where you can unlock your phone with your face, this may seem like the most useless piece of information ever, it can be life-saving during major disasters.
But, despite this, it’s still a little strange that Apple of all companies is the one major holdout among manufacturers. All four major wireless carriers support FM-radio activation, and a whole host of smartphone companies (all of which are significantly less profitable than Apple) currently offer the feature.
When cell-phone service is lost in an area due to a major storm or blackout, cell phones with activated FM chips can easily be used as radios, allowing people access to potentially life-saving information. In a statement this morning, FCC chairman Ajit Pai called on phone manufactures to “activate the FM chips that are already installed in almost all smartphones sold in the United States,” citing the devastation wrought by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.
While FCC action has been ruled out for the time being, it’s undeniable that FM-radio waves are one of the most effective ways of distributing information to the public in an emergency. As part of his plea to Apple, Pai reiterated that “[y]ou could make a case for activating chips on public safety grounds alone.”
Pai specifically called out Apple, stating that it is “the one major phone manufacturer that has resisted doing so,” however, Apple, in a statement, responded that this claim was misleading, as the “iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 models do not have FM radio chips in them nor do they have antennas designed to support FM signals, so it is not possible to enable FM reception in these products.” (And although Apple has made no official statement on the status of FM chips in iPhones from 2014 and earlier, John Gruber of the Daring Fireball posits that these older models have also had their chips disabled.)
Earlier this week, Jared Kushner’s lawyer admitted that the Trump adviser (and son-in-law) wrote and received official emails from a private email account, a grave crime when Hillary Clinton does it, but apparently not when Trump family members do. Today, the story got even better, if that’s the right word: CNN is now revealing that Kushner did not disclose the email account when he met with the Senate Intelligence Committee. How does CNN know this? Because his lawyer accidentally emailed a prankster posing as Kushner.
The letter, labeled “COMMITTEE SENSITIVE,” was forwarded by Kushner’s lawyer, Abbe Lowell, to an impostor who’d previously impersonated Kushner to Lowell. Earlier this week, the infamous prankster known as @SINON_REBORN, known for pretending to be prominent political figures over email, had emailed Lowell pretending to be Kushner. The pair struck up a conversation, with Lowell unknowingly communicating with a false Jared under the address kushner.jared@mail.com.
“The Committee was concerned to learn of this additional email account from the news media, rather than from you, in your closed staff interview,” Senators Richard Burr and Mark Warner wrote to Kushner’s lawyer. They also requested all other personal communication channels, whatever they may be — email, messaging apps, and so on.
So today, when Lowell received the letter and went to forward it to his client, his email program, looking up communications with accounts named under Jared Kushner, auto-filled the wrong address. He forwarded the Senate committee’s letter to @SINON_REBORN, who passed it on to CNN.
This afternoon, Twitter made a presentation to Congress about the role its network played last year — and continues to play — in attempts by state actors (read: Russia) to disrupt American politics. The statement the company put out later is interesting, but oddly unsurprising: Anyone who’s spent a decent amount of time on Twitter in the past couple of years knows that the site has been infested with automated accounts for a long time. Still, the scale is impressive: “On average,” Twitter announced in a blog post this afternoon, “our automated systems catch more than 3.2 million suspicious accounts globally per week — more than double the amount we detected this time last year.”
Still, spam problem aside, Twitter remains a valuable and important news hub, even if it can’t reach the scale of a Facebook or a Google. News spreading fast on Twitter is likely to make its way into papers and onto TV — or, potentially, commented on or retweeted by the president himself. Hijacking Facebook might help persuade the electorate, but hijacking Twitter might help persuade our doofus president. Which is why it’s also welcoming that in its announcement today, Twitter reaffirmed a commitment to media literacy. Even once the site is cleaned of bots, people will need to be smart about what they read.
Twitter is a public, searchable platform, which means it doesn’t face the same transparency issues as Facebook, where privacy filters and ad-sales mechanisms prevented users from seeing, for example, all of the posts put up by a given account (at least until recently). That’s one of several reasons why Twitter’s announcement that Kremlin-linked news agency Russia Today purchased $274,100 worth of ads is less concerning than Facebook’s recent revelations about Russian ad purchases: No one in particular was deceived about who’d bought those ads, or was targeted in a way that made the ads otherwise invisible.
On the other hand, Twitter faces problems of automation that Facebook doesn’t — generally, bots are used to spread false information or manipulate trending topics to make it appear as if a subject is more significant than it actually is. It’s basically a very complex spam problem. Twitter threw out some statistics to reflect this problem: The company catches “about 450,000 suspicious log-ins per day”; last week it found “5.7 million spammy follows from a single source.” “Since June 2017, we’ve suspended more than 117,000 malicious applications for abusing our API,” the statement reads, “collectively responsible for more than 1.5 billion low-quality Tweets this year.” Even heavy Twitter users only produce a few thousand low-quality tweets a year. (Hey!)
Tomorrow marks the release of the SNES Classic, the hot new holiday item from Nintendo that you will not be able to find on store shelves until after Christmas. It’s got 21 games on it, wow! It’s very cute.
But unknown questions linger. At the top of everyone’s list, of course, is whether or not you can use a controller from the NES Classic on the SNES Classic and vice versa. Both gizmos use the same console port, meaning that you can plug one’s controllers into the other. But do they send the right signal?
Now, thanks to unholy experiments that neither God nor the Devil would ever condone, Select All can confirm that yes, you can use the SNES controller on the NES classic and vice versa.
… and the SNES controller on the NES.
Obviously there are some issues here. The SNES has X and Y buttons that the NES doesn’t have — any games requiring the X and Y buttons will have … significant problems. However, if you bought a third-party retro controller with four face buttons, such as 8bitdo’s, you should be fine. In tests, when a SNES controller was plugged into the NES, the Y button doubled as the A button and the X button doubled as the B button.
Here’s the NES controller on the SNES…
Update September 28th, 10:56PM ET: This story has been updated to include a statement from Apple.
While it’s certainly a bit bizarre that Pai, the chairman of the FCC of all people, would get such a significant detail wrong, his message at its core rings true: FM chips benefit the public during times of emergency and should be included (and active) on every device. It’s strange that Apple is so steadfastly against this industry-standard addition. The majority of the big wireless carriers support FM-radio activation, and a whole host of other smartphone companies (all of which are significantly less profitable than Apple) also currently offer the feature.
Gadgets: They’re amazing. We love gadgets, because they’ve changed our lives in so many ways. They make us more efficient, more productive. Here’s a new gadget! It’s called the Pause Pod!
The secret of the Pause Pod is the Leg Pouch (not the official term), which gives you room to lie down. Here’s how it works: You stick your legs in the pouch and then all of your co-workers can see you taking a nap in the middle of the floor and it forms a tripping hazard for your colleagues who might stumble over you taking a nap at work and snap their necks.
Hmm … I’m hearing a lot of you saying “that’s a tent,” and quite frankly, you couldn’t be more wrong. It’s the Pause Pod, it’s very different from a little tent for children. It’s for professionals who can’t get through the day without succumbing to sensory overload, like a puppy or a hummingbird. Insider, a site that has never met a Kickstarter it didn’t love, calls it “a sanctuary from the outside world.”
The Pause Pod: It’s a Workplace Hazard!™️ It retails for $199 but you can buy it for 50 percent off. I’m not gonna tell you how. Google it.
If you somehow haven’t tried this app yet, you need to go download it right now. Technically, the primary function of the Ikea Place app is to help you visualize what Ikea products will look like in your home, but it’s also just incredibly fun to mess around with. I’m not even in the market for new furniture — there’s just something about dropping an Ektorp couch in the middle of your kitchen that is so satisfying.
If you’re running Apple’s newest operating system on an iPhone 6S or newer, your phone just got a whole lot cooler. Augmented reality is now possible on all updated Apple devices, meaning you can hold your phone up to the world and turn it into a layer for information, animations, and more — a bit like the glasses in They Live, if they encouraged you to buy things instead of the opposite.
The iPhone has, in all likelihood, replaced your iPod, your camera, and in some cases your wallet. Now it can replace the tape measure you carry around with you for some reason. With MeasureKit, you can measure practically anything and everything around you with ease — you can measure distances, calculate angles, check to see if something is level, and even check how tall your friends actually are. And it’s all surprisingly accurate too! Magic!
PLNAR is kind of like MeasureKit, but for your home. You can easily draw up crazy-accurate floorplans with just a couple taps. Homeowners rejoice!
This app is a really cool way to try out a tattoo without it being, you know, on your body for the rest of time and whatnot. InkHunter has a wide variety of body-art options available, all of which can be resized or rotated. To use it, all you have to do is draw a little version of the InkHunter logo on your skin wherever you want the tattoo to be, point your phone at it, and bam! You’re inked.
This is a great game that really takes advantage of the many Pokémon Go–esque uses of AR. The premise is simple: There are packs of pigeons and you must run through them to make them scatter. It’s all the fun of disrupting a real flock, with a whole lot less crap.
This app will actually help you become a better dancer. Dance Reality guides you through a variety of fly dance moves by placing AR footprints on the floor in front of you. The app works surprisingly well, and makes it easy for you to practice your cha-cha slide at home or on the go.
AR Runner is Pokémon Go, but instead of Pokémon, physical fitness. The premise is simple: There’s a path in front of you leading to a red dot. Once you get there, another path appears. The idea is to see how fast you can go, which translates to your leaderboard score. You can compete with friends (and other players) for the top spot.
Be warned: This game is surprisingly addictive. The whole purpose of Stack is to, well … stack things. Blocks specifically, but it’s so much more fun than that. After you find a flat surface, blocks will start flying back and forth over it, and it’s your job to make sure they all stack up correctly. This is all compounded by the AR aspect of it, which allows you to take a three-dimensional approach to each new challenge.
Sky Guide AR is by far the best way to stargaze. Point your phone upward and the app will superimpose astrological maps over the night sky. It was even able to point out constellations and planets in the heavily light-polluted skies of NYC, so you know it’s serious.
JigSpace is an app that you’ll actually learn something from. The app’s motto is: “We learn better in 3D, that’s how we experience the world.” From lock demos to solar-system explainers, JigSpace presents you with a wide array of 3-D models and demonstrations that can help you better understand the things around you.
So you pulled the trigger on a new iPhone 8 or iPhone X. Mazel! Along with better cameras, a faster processor, and a nicer screen, you’ll also get something many Android users have had for nearly a decade: wireless charging.
There’s a cottage industry in iPhone cases that’ll allow your older iPhone to work with Qi charging pads. But save your cash. As detailed by Rick Broida over at CNET, you can add wireless charging to pretty much any phone with a Lightning charging port for about $13 and the price of a case. Grab a Qi wireless receiving unit (basically, a device that lets you use Qi charging pads) for cheap, throw any case not made of metal over it and presto: You’ve got a wireless charger for your iPhone. Still no True Tone or Studio Lighting mode, but can’t having everything.
Apple itself recommends two wireless chargers: the Mophie wireless charging base, and the Belkin Wireless Charging Pad. Both are $60. (But Belkin’s won’t be out till December.) Belkin has a long history of making accessories for Apple, and Mophie has a well-earned reputation for quality. That said, they’re pricier than other options on this list. But, hey, you bought brand new iPhone. What’s a few extra bucks?
Luckily, Apple decided to use Qi charging (pronounced, if you’re curious, “Chi”), a wireless standard that’s been widely adopted, rather than go its own proprietary route. Which means while Apple will be selling its own wireless charging pad, AirPower, later this year, you can pick up a wireless charger for your iPhone 8 right now.
To answer your biggest question upfront: Wireless charging will work through a case — as long as it’s not made of metal. It’s one of the reasons the iPhone 8 and iPhone X switched to glass backs instead of the aluminum of the iPhone 6 and 7.
Also, while wireless charging is slower than plugging your phone into the wall, don’t bother getting a 10 W wireless charger — the iPhone 8 and iPhone X are only rated for 7.5 W. Anything more than that is overkill.
One quick caveat: Purely anecdotally, the iPhone 8 is a little more sensitive about where you place it to get charging to kick in compared to its Android brethren. The phone will buzz when you get it lined up just right, and you’ll see a notification on the screen that you’re now charging. Make sure you see this — you can’t just offhandedly toss down your phone and expect a full battery a few hours later.
This is a lamp … but also a wireless charging mat. It can charge up to two devices while lighting up the room. Perfect for your bedside table, or on the cover of a Scandinavian design magazine. Take your pick.
If you’re looking for a simple, cheap way to charge up your new iPhone 8, Anker’s PowerPort wireless charging pad is the way to go. You’ll love it because it’s quick, inexpensive, and can easily be placed on the corner of your bedside table, or wherever else in your home you need some power. Anker is well-known for its high-quality, affordable tech accessories, so you can rest assured this won’t fry your phone like those sketchy $7 charging pads from Alibaba.
AR is just as fun and futuristic as it sounds, but it’s not something that just happens when you hold up your phone. In order to check it out, you need to download one of the many apps that now takes advantage of it. Here’s a roundup of some of our favorites.
This wireless charging stand from TYLT is the perfect accessory for your dreary workplace desk. The TYLT Vu cradles your phone at a 45-degree angle that’s perfect for aimlessly scrolling through your timeline while checking the clock. That fact that it comes in cute colors and angles so you can check it while you work are nice bonuses.
While you may be able to unlock the iPhone X with your face, it can still run out of battery halfway through the workday. Enter the Qi Stone+ wireless charging battery pack. It’s basically like any of the portable batteries you’ve used before, just a hell of a lot more portable without all those wires. The pack is small enough to fit into your back pocket or purse, and even has wired USB-style charging options if you’re feeling retro.
Cuphead has been making the rounds of gaming media for a while now — video of the game, hand-animated in the style of 1930s cartoons, has been around since 2014 — but, after some significant fleshing-out, it’s finally available.
The first thing you’ll notice about Cuphead is its art style: It looks almost exactly like the cartoon from the 1930s: its big-band score, the flapper-esque aesthetic, and small imperfections from hand animators slowly making copies of each character during the animation process.
The second thing you’ll notice is old-school in more ways than one — it’s hard. It’s a run-and-gun shooter in the vein of Contra, Gunstar Heroes, or Metal Slug, and levels — particularly boss fights — can quickly send you into that Zen state of concentration that only bullet hell shoot-’em-ups can inspire. Bottom line: You’ll die playing Cuphead, and you’ll die a lot.
We sat down with game co-creators Chad and Jared Moldenhauer to talk Cuphead, the difficulties of hand-animating a game in 2017, and their flickering hope that Cuphead might inspire a few more hand-animated game in the future.
Jared Moldenhauer: Yeah, it’s also that cartoons and video games are just a perfect seamless mix, and that’s just kind of one of those things where it’s just like, why hasn’t this happened before? Everybody’s thought about it, and everybody’s always wanted to play a cartoon, as a video game, so once we went through the process and tried it out, just seeing it, it was hard to say no. And that, right on, seemed like it was going to be a smaller project, so it felt like we’ll never be stuck doing 60,000 frames, we’ll just make a smaller game and work on it in our spare time and see what happens.
And so, when you guys decided to develop Cuphead you guys also decided that you were going to animate on the ones?CM: Yes!
At what point did you start to regret that decision? CM: [Sighs, laughs.] I feel like we’ve never had too many regrets aside from having to make so many delays on the game, but every time that we’ve implemented something with a big piece of animation, or an entire boss fight or whatever we’re currently working on, we still are in awe every time we see it.
That’s fair enough. One of the other things that struck me is that when I’m watching someone else play the game, the animation and the art style just really leap out, but when you’re playing the game, the art style recedes, because the game is incredibly difficult. I know you guys have played with the difficulty spikes a little bit, but when I’m in the middle of a boss battle, it doesn’t matter that everything is animated on the ones — I could be playing Contra on the NES, because what I’m really just trying to do is avoid the bullets and kill everything that’s coming close to me. Did you guys worry about that? JM: I’m not really worried about that. It adds the benefit, too, if someone else is around, it’s still very interesting to be watching someone else playing it, because you can also take in more of the visuals. At the same time, it’s that, the feeling of being overwhelmed, where you need all of your brain power to get past something, that kind of gives the biggest reward once you finally do, but, the further you progress in the game, kind of when you leap back, you won’t need that much concentration. It’ll just feel natural, and then, at that point and time, people will still be able to take in all of the visuals at once too.
I’m sure many decade-long projects have started with those same words. CM: Just to interject: I think one of the things that we knew from the beginning of the project was that if we were going to do something that was going to take long — like we knew it wasn’t going to be a six-month-long project; it would be long and we’d have to be talking and looking at it all the time — we wanted something that we both loved. The visual style and the type of game really had to stand out to us; it helped us hone in on our favorite era of animation.
CM: Yeah, we’ve noticed times where — as people are getting better and better — they come back to certain aspects of the game, things that were visually very in-their-face and apparent. They actually realize it then, when they didn’t shut their brains off for a bit, to be like, “I didn’t know this boss was doing this thing to me in this part.” We didn’t go into this game planning to make sure that the visual aspect ties in so perfectly with the game, even if it makes the gameplay suffer. We’re real sticklers about the gameplay. So it’s always been gameplay first, 95 percent the time.
There’s a fair amount of interest in Cuphead — do you have any sense that more things like Cuphead could be coming down the line? Have you talked to anybody who is thinking about doing something similar? CM: We haven’t heard anybody talk too much about — even in our dev circles — of people wanting to emulate or do something like this. I think part of the problem is it’s scary to do a traditionally animated game — traditionally drawn and painted — because if something doesn’t work, or if you need to change something, you don’t get the nice cheat of redoing things digitally, or pulling the bones out beneath the animation to make it work how you want. You have to redo the whole thing on paper and have it colored. I think only the craziest people will attempt this. It’s a long process, it’s hard to find animators who work on paper anymore — there’s a bunch of factors that make this a scary style. And, in saying that, I think if Cuphead even ignited 1 percent more people to create 2-D games with more of a hand-drawn look,we’d be super-excited.
JM: I’d be excited for any return of 2-D, like 2-D gaming and 2-D animation. One percent or anything. If some large company was like, yeah, we’re making a blockbuster movie and it’s 2-D again, yeah, I’d be really proud if it was somehow linked to us.
JM: But now, after five years, I probably know why they never attempted it.
Space X CEO Elon Musk reached peak form yesterday when he boldly proposed city-to-city rocket travel at the 68th International Astronautical Congress. The announcement came as part of Musk’s already rather ambitious plan to eventually facilitate interplanetary travel, and featured bold claims of super-short flight times, like 22 minutes from Hong Kong to Singapore, and 30 from New York to Paris.
Apologies for crushing your childhood dreams, but rockets suck. (Or, at least, traveling in them does.) Turns out, breaching the planet’s atmosphere takes a teensy bit more effort than ascending to 20,000 feet, and all of those G forces don’t exactly feel great. Don’t believe me? Here’s how actual astronaut Chris Hadfield described the experience [emphasis mine]:
Sound fun?
Back onboard the warship, I had a problem. The ship was extremely well-guarded. Most guards wore heavy armor, meaning I couldn’t shoot them. I needed to steal keycards in order to get close to my target. And the target herself was wearing armor herself — armor I had no way of shooting through.
What’s more, you can pause the action at any point. Suddenly find yourself in a room with three guards with guns drawn? Hit space bar. Throw your wrench at one, grab his gun, move just enough to dodge the other two bullets, shoot the other guard, and then throw your gun at the final guard. The pausing allows for those “I love it when a plan comes together” moments, even in the middle of barely controlled chaos.
Overall, the playlist is very good not because Spotify is good at recommending new things, but because it’s decent at imitating past behavior. It’s like the algorithm used my account, which is connected to Facebook and thus makes my date of birth known to the service, to calculate my teenage years, and then just picked songs that I’d listened to that came out in that time frame. Then it used some fuzzy matching to throw some oddballs into the mix, so that it doesn’t just seem like a rehash of my listening habits. (This assumed strategy appears to have worked. “Are these songs I listened to?” someone asked me while scanning their own list.)
Whether that’s actually how it works, I cannot say. Matching algorithms are usually kept under lock and key, considered a trade secret. But the seams showing on Spotify’s recommendation process has a sort of whimsy to it. It produces the exact right reaction that an algorithm should produce — a sense of a computerized service knowing and understanding its user, without being eerie or uncanny about it. Its mechanisms appear transparent: There’s nothing in my Time Capsule playlist that I can’t explain. And like any drill-down of cultural preference, there is a mix of the embarrassing and the braggy that makes it almost impossible to not share and compare with others.
Maybe most important, it’s just for me, and it’s just a list of songs I like. Compare that with matching algorithms like Facebook’s People You May Know, which has the capacity to recommend secret family members with no mutual connections to a user, or shopping algorithms that know you’re pregnant based on the items that you’re buying or browsing, or algorithms that can analyze a user’s interests to assume a user’s sexual orientation. The trouble with algorithms, Spotify shows, isn’t the algorithms. It’s companies that wrap them around our lives in ways we don’t understand and can’t control. That’s the scary encroaching future. Algorithms that do nothing more complicated than serve up pop-punk songs are exactly what a tech utopia promises.
Opportunistic hucksters and unhinged true believers sold bizarre conspiracy theories, the former for the purpose of driving traffic to their advertising-festooned websites and the latter out of some mixture of cynicism and zealotry. Hyperpartisan sites like TruthFeed and Infowars now made up what Yochai Benkler of Harvard’s Berkman Klein Center for Internet and Society called a right-wing social-media “attention backbone,” through which conspiracy-­mongering and disinformation traveled up to legitimating sources and with which extreme actors could set the parameters of political conversation, as Breitbart did with immigration. There was no easy way to moderate or counter this without abjuring democratic values. As a recent study from Benkler and his colleagues on social media’s role in the election puts it, “Our observations suggest that fixing the American public sphere may be much harder than we would like.”
Kate Losse, an early Facebook employee and Zuckerberg’s former speechwriter, told me she thought it represented a serious transformation of the company’s purpose. “The early days were so neutral that it was almost weird,” she said. The first statement of purpose she could remember was a thing Zuckerberg would say at product meetings: “I just want to create information flow.” Now he was speaking of “collective values for what should and should not be allowed.” “It’s very interesting that the community language is finally being brought in,” Losse said. “ ‘Community’ is, like, a church —it’s a social structure with values.”
Two days after publishing his manifesto, Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, showed up unannounced at a cocktail bar called the Haberdasher in Mobile, Alabama. The bar’s owner offered to run interference with the Saturday-night, pre–Mardi Gras crowd, but Zuckerberg waved her off. “We’re in the people business,” he said. “This is perfectly fine.” They chatted with fellow patrons over drinks — a stout for Zuckerberg and a mocktail for Chan, who would announce her pregnancy two weeks later — and Zuckerberg gamely took a shot of Alabama whiskey with the bar owners (“Anything but tequila,” he pleaded when offered). Around midnight, they left — they had to be up early the next morning for church.
He also went to the rodeo — his first — with Fort Worth mayor Betsy Price, who gave him a cowboy hat — also his first — and met with Dallas police. In a status update he posted the evening of his departure, sounding charmingly like a colonial sociologist, he attempted in vain to characterize the social relations he had observed: “In many ways, I still don’t have a clear sense of Texas. This state is complex, and everyone has a lot of layers — as Americans, as Texans, as members of a local community, and even just as individuals.” In the comments, users lined up to pitch Zuckerberg on visiting their home regions.
No matter how safe and secure a system is intended to be, there will always be flaws. Usually these sort of minor mistakes and random hacks have a minimal impact on users — you simply reset your password and go about your life — but when that password is something as unchangeable as your face, everything becomes significantly more complicated.
*This article appears in the October 2, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
Thirteen years ago, Green Day lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong wrote a song about his father dying called “Wake Me Up When September Ends.” (If it’s now suddenly lodged in your head, here’s the video for it.)
For a job in tech:
For a job in data analytics:
Let me spread your sheets. [Insert several winking emoji here.]
On second thought, maybe just stick to networking the old-fashioned way. Asking someone out on a proper date, buying a round of drinks, and then pivoting the conversation to how you are totally using them because you want a new job.
Dr. Michael Salzhauer is a board-certified plastic surgeon based out of Florida. You’ve probably never heard of Dr. Salzhauer. But you might have heard of his Snapchat alter ego @therealdrmiami. Dr. Miami has reached up to thousands of followers and millions of views by giving his fans an inside look at his work. (Select All included him on our list of the top 101 Snapchatters to follow.) Sometimes boisterous, and often graphic, his stories are posted by a social-media assistant who joins him in the operating room. Patients whose procedures are filmed and shared give consent beforehand — Vanity Fair reports that about two-thirds of his patients opt in — but the rise in surgery as social-media entertainment (Dr. Miami pioneered the genre, inspiring plenty of copycats) has raised a larger debate among those in the medical community. Is it ethical for doctors to bring Snapchat and Instagram into the OR?
Absolutely not, argues a team from Northwestern in a paper published recently by Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. While filming a consenting patient isn’t against American Medical Association rules, the new paper argues that it isn’t in the best interest of patients. “When surgeons are dancing in the operating room, people may misperceive surgery as this lighthearted event,” first author Robert Dorfman explained. “Yet there are risks associated with going under the knife, such as infection, excessive bleeding or possibly blood clots. The videos may be giving some people false illusions of what surgery is actually like.” Senior author Dr. Clark Schierle, a plastic surgeon who teaches at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, called the social-media medical business a “circus,” saying, “There is increasingly vulgar content by a growing number of plastic surgeons that is not in the best interest of the patient.” Another of Schierle’s studies notes that of all the plastic-surgery content posted on Snapchat, only 18 percent of it comes from board-certified surgeons, Tonic reports. Which might make you think twice about turning to Snapchat, rather than watching Nip/Tuck reruns, to satisfy your scalpel cravings.
Selling the information obtained from the more than 5 million commuters who just so happened to have Wi-Fi enabled when moving through the London Underground would net the TfL upwards of $50 million a year. A figure that seems like it would be pretty hard for similarly cash-strapped transportation agencies — like the MTA, for example — to ignore. And if the price of better subway service is allowing yourself to be surveilled … well, let’s just say a lot of C train riders might consider it.
For the most part, governmental agencies and authorities have stayed away from the complicated business of selling citizens’ data for revenue. (Whether that is by design, or due to general technological incompetence, is anyone’s guess.) However, the success of programs like the TfL’s could potentially open the floodgates. It doesn’t seem too far-fetched to imagine a future a couple of years down the road where logging in to your local post office’s complimentary Wi-Fi nets the agency a couple of dollars. And while that doesn’t sound too terrible in the abstract, it’s worth noting the series of compounding ethical concerns such a setup brings about. If governmental bodies are incentivized to collect and sell these bits and pieces of our data, what’s to stop them from going the way of private companies and cashing in on all of it? Once that first domino falls, how do we ensure that the integrity of our data doesn’t eventually suffer the same fate as the inside of a subway car? Given the Trump administration’s previous decrees on Americans’ right to their own data, it doesn’t seem that far off.
In a statement made to Mashable, Uber said that charges would be waived for all rides that occurred “around the affected area” Sunday evening, and confirmed that the company would continue to offer free trips for passengers going to and from a variety of crisis-related locations.
Both companies have been intensely criticized for their responses to previous terror attacks, which often resulted in passengers facing exorbitant fees due to high surge pricing in the midst of a crisis. Though they refunded the affected customers after the fact, the majority of critics cited the move as too little too late, as the damage to those trying to flee the attack was already done. This was likely the inspiration behind the swift, proactive measures taken by Uber and Lyft this time around. And it is likely why customers have had such a resoundingly positive response to the companies’ actions:
Worst of all, and setting the motivations of hoaxers aside, even calling attention to hoaxes can help spread them. “More than anything else, what factors into the spread of false information is reporters covering it. Something can still spread, but having a giant platform lend credibility, or to provide an even larger platform, that really is a huge turning point,” Phillips asserted. “It’s not that a hoax can’t exist and circulate within certain platforms without mainstream intervention, but they’re not going to become household names until you get mainstream media helping to amplify. They’re a significant and critical part of the cycle.”
The problem — as we saw today — is that the hoaxes can proliferate across much bigger platforms in much less time. The 4chan thread misidentifying the shooter was briefly a “Top Story” in Google results when searching for the man’s name — a bizarre, algorithmically decided placement that caused a 4chan thread to appear as a legitimate news source.
“It’s not that there’s an injunction against reporting on these things, I just feel like people need to step away from their machine for the first six or eight hours and see what is worth talking about. That time could make a huge difference in the lives of people affected by this.”
A strange new website has appeared in the wilds of the web. It’s called art.snapchat.com, and it’s very mysterious. It’s got a countdown clock and everything! What’s gonna happen? It looks like Snapchat is collaborating with Jeff Koons.
Please don’t try this at home.
There’s a fluttery thrill to testing out a hands-free car for the first time. In my day-to-day, I review smartphones, Wi-Fi routers, headphones, and other stuff that only moves quickly if you throw it really hard. Watching from the interior of a robot car as we take an inside corner at 70 miles per hour while an 18-wheeler rumbles along just a few feet away in the right lane is a bit different, even with my hands hovering like an anxious parent over the steering wheel. I am, after all, putting not only my own life at risk, but also the life of the journalist sitting next to me, the long-haul trucker in the other lane, and, if things should go badly awry, the drivers behind us.
Which is why Super Cruise is really two sensor systems, one on the outside and one on the inside. Outside the car: an HD camera in the front to sense the lanes, supplemented with an array of other cameras that give the car a 360-degree view of the road around you, and aided by precision GPS and a database of 160,000 miles of “limited use highways,” the only place the Super Cruise system will kick in. Or, in normal-person language, you can only use Super Cruise on highways with medians running down the middle and where you exit and enter via on ramps and off ramps. The Super Cruise is meant for the interstate, not the inner city.
Cadillac’s solution for severe driver inattention is even more cautious (and the one that the NTSB strongly recommended auto makers institute). First, the car simply warns you that it’s disengaging Super Cruise. Then, it buzzes your seat. If you still don’t respond, it will contact OnStar and, potentially, summon medical help. (I wasn’t brave enough to test this; the thought of explaining to some square-jawed EMT that I was a blogger seeing whether my robot car could tell I was faking a heart attack was a bridge too far for me.) I haven’t used Tesla’s Autopilot, but according to a fellow journalist who had, even the way Super Cruise handled in normal circumstances felt safer — it took turns more slowly, gave more distance to other cars.
The reason your car needs to watch — and nag you — is fairly obvious. Last year, a Florida man named Joshua Brown became the first person to die in an automated car, when his Tesla crashed into a semitruck. Tesla’s Autopilot system was ultimately found to not be at fault in Brown’s death — it issued six audio warnings for him to place his hands back on the wheel — but Tesla has since been much more cautious in its rollout of the Autopilot program.
And I say this with some real shame: If money were no object, I would buy a car with Super Cruise tomorrow, and I would immediately use my phone in my car more. Partly because it would indulge that juvenile part of me that just enjoys getting away with things; knowing that Cadillac had a built-in monitor watching me, and knowing that I could outsmart that system, is as close to as a guy in his mid-30s gets to cutting civics class to go get high and play Xbox. And partly it’s because Super Cruise, rightly or wrongly, gives me some confidence I wouldn’t slam into another car or a bridge embankment while looking up fantasy football injury updates.
“People are texting anyways,” says Robb Bolio, vehicle performance manager for the Super Cruise. “This is gonna help, because the car is paying attention. We don’t condone it, but everywhere you look, people are texting. We will never condone that, but it’s safer than what they’re doing in their regular car, because the car is seeing what’s going on, and we do have this escalation process. Are people gonna trick the system, or figure out how to trick the system? Maybe.”
Ultimately, the Super Cruise is just a stepping-stone — or maybe a small detour — to a fully automated future. My first experience of driving with my hands off the wheel was mildly terrifying. Those first few close calls, when cars passed by too close, or I wondered if the car would suddenly decide to shoot off an off ramp into a gas station at 70 miles per hour, raised my heart rate. By the second day of the drive, though, I was enjoying the ability to take in the scenery while driving through the lovely Allegheny Valley, in a way that just isn’t possible in a car that isn’t driving itself. By the end of my second day of the future, I was just mainly annoyed when the Super Cruise failed to perform exactly how I wanted it to, when I wanted it to. Where was my Level Four robot chauffeur? I had gone from anxious to irked in less than 48 hours. The future, it starts to look so quickly like the past now.
Bolio’s not wrong about people texting already. In the back of my Uber, headed back from the airport, I counted at least four people people staring at their phones while moving at highway speeds. None were driving a Cadillac CT6, so I’m guessing none had some version of Super Cruise engaged. Regular, nonautomated driving suddenly seemed terribly, terribly unsafe to me.
“What’s this all about?” asked a white-collar guy on a road bike as I waited by my car, indicating the cars, the cops, and the Cadillac camera crew swarming over everything.
The Museum of Ice Cream, in San Francisco, is not a museum. Rather, it is a sprawling warren of interactive, vaguely hallucinatory confection-themed exhibits: brightly colored rooms with flattering lighting that contain, among other things, a rock-candy cave, a unicorn, and a swimming pool of rainbow sprinkles, now Instagram-influencer-infamous. It smells like fruit-flavored chemicals. There are seemingly infinite backdrops against which to take a cute selfie. It’s like a haunted house for digital natives; a Willy Wonka–induced fever dream. It’s not a store, though there’s plenty to buy. It’s not an ice-cream joint either, though the treat’s available. It’s an elusive concept with a concrete aesthetic. It is, per its co-founder and creative director, Maryellis Bunn, an Experience.
Last August, Instagram Stories was born, and over the last year what may have at first seemed like a cheesy Snapchat clone has grown up to become an incredibly popular feature with its own weird quirks. The app’s latest update brings Instagram Stories even further away from the Snapchat mold by introducing polls, a new feature that allows you to ask a question and receive responses from your friends and followers.
It works like this: Take a photo or video through Instagram Stories and swipe up to reveal the sticker drawer, then select the “poll” sticker and place it wherever you want. From there, you’re able to write out whatever question best suits you, and choose the answers you want voters to be able to pick from. Once you publish, anyone who views your story will be able to vote and see the real-time results. If voters want to follow the competition, they can just click on your story a second time (or third, or fourth), and the tallies will update with the latest results. Participants can’t see the names of other voters, but you can. And, of course, everything disappears after 24 hours. Take that, Snapchat.
As the world collapses around us, the lawsuit brought by Google’s self-driving-car unit, Waymo, against Uber over trade secrets allegedly stolen by a former Waymo engineer, Anthony Levandowski, grinds on. A due-diligence report that Google wants to use was made public Monday, and — who would have guessed from a lawsuit featuring one of Silicon Valley’s most dysfunctional companies? — it’s full of classic Uber-esque screwups. The document was created by cybersecurity firm Stroz Friedberg on behalf of Uber when Uber purchased Otto, Levandowski’s self-driving-truck start-up, and it’s rife with the sort of juicy, groan-inducing details that could only come from everybody’s favorite scandal-ridden ride-sharing app. Here are some of the highlights.
This very serious due-diligence report — which is labeled with warnings like “PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL” and “ATTORNEYS-EYES-ONLY” (lmao) — is called … the Project Unicorn Investigation. Yeah, you read that right. Apparently, Stroz Friedberg takes naming advice from third-grade girls at craft time.
“During Stroz Friedberg’s interview of Levandowski, he stated that in March 2016, while searching his home to gather all devices for this investigation, he discovered that he possessed Google proprietary information” in the form of five disks that were just chilling in his closet. Oops! Instead of bringing this to the attention of the investigators who had asked for it, “he immediately informed his attorney and brought this information to Uber’s attention at a regularly scheduled status meeting … At the meeting, Poetzcher instructed Levandowski not to destroy the disks and to preserve them for record keeping purposes. Levandowski stated that Kalanick wanted nothing to do with the disks and told Levandowski to ‘do what he needed to do.’ Levandowski said that following the meeting he brought the disks to a shredding facility in Oakland, later identified as Shred Works, and watched the disks as they were shredded … He paid cash and did not receive a receipt.” Classic.
Man, for an ex-Googler — and pretty frequent computer-user — Levandowski sure was shocked when confronted with the various Google-related contents of his own laptop. “During the interview, Levandowski identified the following locations where Google-related data and information were stored on his personal laptop … He did not recall when he last accessed these folders, and he seemed surprised at the amount of Google-related information that was on his laptop. In addition, during the interview, Levandowski initially told us that he did not sync up his Google mail with this laptop, but then he looked at his laptop and, to his apparent surprise, discovered that he had synced his Google e-mail (anthonyl@google.com) with his laptop in 2014.”
Levandowski to an unknown recipient on March 1, 2016: “Ok good reminder to delete the iMessages every night.”
Levandowski to an unknown recipient on March 13, 2016: “We’re ready for junk King.”
As the report progresses, you can get the sense that the folks at Stroz are getting really tired of Levandowski’s shit: “[C]ontrary to his belief that there were no or few Google e-mails on his laptop, Stroz discovered approximately 50,000 … Ten of those e-mails were last accessed between September 1, 2015 and January 28, 2016. It is difficult to believe that Levandowski was not, prior to his interview, fully aware of the extent of the data that he had retained.”
Levandowski to an unknown recipient on March 11, 2016: “I’ll clean that shit out.”
“Levandowski also attempted to empty the Trash bin on his MacBook Pro while he was at Stroz Friedberg’s office on March 22, 2016 at approximately 12:12 p.m.”
Text from Rhian Morgan to Levandowski on February 26, 2016: “I’m gonna go get your stuff destroyed this afternoon btw. ill send you a bill and a pic/video.”
Text from Rhian Morgan to Levandowski on March 1, 2016: “Ricardo, the shredder at ShredWorks, has a thing for these baby blues so he only charges me for about half the stuff they shred.”
Text from Rhian Morgan to Levandowski on March 1, 2016: “i’ve been paying for shredding on my card, since it’s not technically a business expense for OM. LMK if I should expense it or send you a bill instead ;).”
These totally-not-incriminating-at-all-whatsoever internet searches were made on Ron’s iMac back in January 2016: “how to secretly delete files mac,” “secure delete of trash on mac,” and “how to permanently delete google drive files from my computer.” Someone should probably tell him about Incognito Mode.
You can check out the full report for yourself here.
Bunn is a disarming, blunt, slightly intense 25-year-old; her “ice-cream nickname” — everyone on staff has one — is Scream. She is from Laguna Beach, California, and considers herself an old soul. Fluent in the tech-infused vocabulary of corporate America, she speaks about her business in terms of iteration, beta testing, and key performance indicators (KPIs). Though Bunn denies any talent for social media, her personal brand is on point, with a well-curated Instagram account of aspirational adventures: relaxing at an onsen, swinging in an ocean hammock in the Maldives. She is unnervingly millennial.
Most of the exhibits were contained in the building’s basement and former vault. Visitors were dispatched in small groups, led by guides who were available for assistance but largely went ignored. Every room featured an interactive component: something to eat, touch, or smell. (One of the rooms has scented wallpaper.) From start to finish, the visit is designed to last for 45 minutes. It’s hard to say what, exactly, that experience is meant to entail.People seemed excited to witness the space in person, after seeing it online; they were especially enthusiastic about documenting themselves inside of it. From what I could tell, a central experience of the Museum of Ice Cream was one that most visitors would already be familiar with: patiently waiting in line.
The San Francisco location is their third. (At least for now, all are pop-ups.) An L.A. MoIC opened this past spring and has been visited — and heavily documented — by the likes of Katy Perry, Kim Kardashian, and Gwyneth Paltrow; on Mother’s Day, Jay-Z, Beyoncé, and Blue Ivy were photographed lounging in the museum’s Sprinkle Pool. “This is just the best place!!!!!!” Drew Barrymore posted on Instagram. There have been Museum of Ice Cream corporate tours, costumed photo shoots, and proposals. In L.A., a couple came to reenact their wedding, dress and all. “We Storied it,” Bunn said, referring to the Instagram feature.
“Ice cream is just a way to get people in the doors and feel safe,” Bunn said. “Then I have the opportunity to do anything.” On a recent visit to Disneyland, she was disheartened to find that the experience was nearly identical to the one she remembered from childhood. “To some, that’s nostalgia,” she said. “But as that goes on for five, six more generations — I’m not sure how successful that’s going to be.” The park didn’t optimize for social engagement, she said. Given the price point, the return on investment was too low, and besides: Millennials don’t have the attention span. “Our generation doesn’t want to spend six hours doing anything,” she said. “I love Disneyland, but it’s just not … it’s not for today.”
The museums were able to get off the ground in part thanks to their strategic partnerships with companies like Tinder, Dove Chocolate, and Fox: In New York, Tinder sponsored an exhibit called “Tinder Land,” which featured a two-person swing shaped like an ice-cream sandwich and a wall-mounted iPad on which visitors could swipe through to “match” with their ideal ice-cream flavor. “Advertising is dead,” Bunn said. “The way in which we are able to have our visitors physically, tangibly, sensually engage with brands has a return on investment that no ad could ever come close to.” Dove, she claimed, saw a 9 percent spike in U.S. sales after distributing chocolate at the L.A. location (Dove specified the sales hike was only for its Promises line). The museum’s brand is now strong enough that Bunn no longer needs to rely on sponsorship in such an explicit way. The San Francisco museum is sponsored by American Express; that company’s branding appeared only sparsely during ticket sales and on a small sign in the gift shop. The ice cream is donated to the museum by local purveyors for brand exposure.
In the two hours that Bunn and I spent together, she neither laughed nor smiled. When I mentioned this, she was unsurprised. “That’s pretty accurate,” she said. “I’m not what most people would think would be the mind behind this. I’m hyperserious.”
A few nights later, the line outside the Museum of Ice Cream was once again around the block. It was 8:30 p.m., post-bedtime, and inside, there was a notable absence of children. The space had a vaguely manic, second-glass-of-wine energy. High-spirited remixes of pop songs — “Party on the West Coast,” by Matoma — thumped through the rooms. Nearly everyone was taking photographs or being photographed. In Marye’s Diner, a Pink Army delegate was warming up the crowd. “Who wants ice cream?” she asked. The group shrieked as if they were going downhill in a SoulCycle class. Around the corner, another member of the Pink Army was spinning cherry cotton candy sprinkled with “fairy dust” (edible glitter). “I’ll make you a tiny one,” she said to me, winking. “It’s really cute for Instagram.” Two women, standing in line for the Sprinkle Pool, scrolled through their phones, looking at geotagged photos of strangers in the Sprinkle Pool.
Bunn, who previously consulted independently on design and business strategy for companies like Facebook, and was head of forecasting and innovation at Time Inc., found inspiration for the Museum of Ice Cream in the shifting retail landscape. “I see retail as a dead industry,” she said. “There are billions and billions of acres of retail square footage across America, across the world, that have nothing. No one has a solution for it.” (At last estimate, in 2017, there was about 860 million square feet of available U.S. retail space.) In the future she foresees, retail will move online, to be replaced in the physical world with experiences. She was vague about what, exactly, these would be. The Museum of Ice Cream is not innately entertaining, nor is it especially educational: There is a timeline of ice-cream history, and a few ice-cream facts that seemed sourced from a search engine (“How much money does the ice-cream industry generate?”). The experience was, above all, a novelty, and a place to be both online and off.
Despite the success of the San Francisco location — tickets sold out immediately, and the museum has already extended its run to mid-February — Bunn rated it a three on a scale of one to 100. In the short term, she hopes to open 180 Museums of Ice Cream, both domestically and internationally. She’s ready to move away from ice cream, at least eventually, to throw her audience some curveballs. Thinking further ahead, she would like to curate and host the inaugural party on Mars. I clarified that she meant actual, literal Mars, not a Mars Experience on Earth. “Oh, no,” she said. “That would be boring. The party would be fun.”
But Bunn’s long game is even more ambitious than going to Mars. When I asked what her ultimate dream was, Bunn looked at me as if it were obvious. “I want to be the next Disney,” she said. “I could take all of those different installations that we just went through, and I could build them out into city blocks. It would be my Heaven. Could you imagine?”
Tucked away in the SNES Classic, Nintendo’s best-selling revival of its beloved console, is a small piece of gaming history. Included in the collection of 21 games is Star Fox 2, a title that was fully designed and developed for the SNES but never saw an official release. At the time, Nintendo was forging ahead with its next console, the Nintendo 64, and decided to scrap Star Fox 2 to focus on the future.
If you want to play an official version of Star Fox 2, your first chance to do so is on the SNES Classic, which — having sold out on its release last Friday — you can’t find anywhere. But there are, if you’re feeling a little nefarious, unofficial ways to play the game.
In-progress versions of the game have floated around online for years, among the thousands of retro game ROM files that are available for download on certain sites. Most classic games can be run on PC emulators at a cost of precisely zero dollars, though it is blatant copyright infringement. The practice exists in a gray area, where companies don’t fight hard to protect their aging intellectual property but also refuse to condone piracy. At a press briefing a few months ago, asked which of the many versions of Star Fox 2 floating around the internet would be included on the SNES (“hypothetically, what if we’ve already played this game?”), Nintendo’s only response was that it was the official version.
The SNES Classic’s scarcity (Nintendo insists it will be regularly restocking the device in 2018), coupled with a bungled preorder period, has frustrated gamers. Walmart’s preorders accidentally went live early and the company canceled all of them. Almost without warning, sites went live for preorders beginning overnight on August 22 and regularly throughout the day. Prospective buyers overwhelmed sites trying to nab the thing, only to be left empty-handed as listings with 200 percent markups began to populate eBay.
Nintendo has tried to sell its old games on its digital storefront in the past, though it hasn’t announced any plans for its newest console, the Switch. For now, you can buy Mario Bros. for $7.99. Eight bucks for an arcade game released 34 years ago.
Part of it is that there is still a niche audience of people who play these old consoles regularly: “I got a lot of messages from interested people explaining that they’re really happy that I made the cart because they just play their old systems.” The market for newly manufactured SNES cartridges in 2017 is more robust than you’d think. The collector’s site Iam8bit sells deluxe editions of certain games, like Street Fighter II, on working carts. It sells other nonfunctional cartridges meant to evoke the era as well.
“If a game got an official release, I’m not gonna make a copy of it and put it online, because down the line, someone’s gonna get ahold of that and think they’re getting an authentic,” Chris said. For something like Star Fox 2, which is as of now only available on a product that runs close to $90 after tax and double that on resale sites, there aren’t any other legal options for fans. That places the work of people like Chris — who treat what they do as a hobby, meeting demand that might otherwise remain unmet — in a legal and ethical limbo. For now, modders and rights holders just try to stay in separate corners.
The pen tool is useful for doodling and writing in cursive — if you still remember how to write in cursive — but it’s also good for making polka dots. Select the pen tool you’d like and then tap the screen once. You’ll add a single dot. Repeat as you’d like. You can also change the size of the dots and the colors. Look how much better de Blasio looks in purple polka dots.
Yahoo has admitted that previous estimates of the number of users affected by a data breach that occurred back in 2013 were grossly inaccurate. And, boy, do we mean grossly. Back in December 2016, the company disclosed that 1 billion accounts had been compromised by a hack that occurred three years prior. This new report states that the actual figure was a whopping 3 billion. Yes, with a B.
The news was announced through a press release by Yahoo’s new parent company Oath, which stated that “[s]ubsequent to Yahoo’s acquisition by Verizon, and during integration, the company recently obtained new intelligence and now believes, following an investigation with the assistance of outside forensic experts, that all Yahoo user accounts were affected by the August 2013 theft.”
The account information compromised in the 2013 breach included telephone numbers, email addresses, birth dates, encrypted passwords, and more. Yahoo will be notifying affected users by email and has set up a FAQ page for those who would like to know more about the announcement.
The Google Pixel 2 is finally here, and officially on the preorder market. Here’s what you need to know if you’re considering buying one.
Today, the Senate Banking Committee is holding a hearing on the recent Equifax data breach. It’s a lot of what you’d picture when you picture a Senate Banking Committee hearing. Microphones. Folks in suits. Microphones. Glasses of water. And, oh, what’s that? A person dressed a Rich Uncle Pennybags, the Monopoly mascot, sitting right behind former Equifax CEO Richard Smith? Sure, why not?
Perhaps nothing was odder in the odd year of 2016 than this: There was no new Assassin’s Creed game. The annual release of a new sequel in the history-spanning open-world series from Ubisoft has a sort of death-and-taxes status in the delay-plagued world of video games. There’s been a new Assassin’s Creed every year since 2009, when the blockbuster Assassin’s Creed II was published two years after the first game in the series.
Uncle Pennybags is actually representing Public Citizen. Under the mustache and monocle is Amanda Werner, the group’s arbitration campaign manager.
Assassin’s Creed is one of my favorite series, in part because of its focus on reconstructing historical environments that wouldn’t otherwise exist in virtual space. Using a sci-fi conceit that lets people revisit the memories of ancestors embedded in their DNA, you play as a member of the shadowy secret society of Assassins, engaged in an eternal struggle against the Knights Templar. As one assassin or another, the series has moved from Crusades-era Jerusalem to Renaissance Italy to colonial America to revolutionary Paris to London in the throes of the industrial revolution. Its open-world structure means the player can parkour around the mostly accurate cityscapes and landmarks of, say, 16th-century Florence and Venice. This is a series that is at once committed to general historical accuracy — you meet a lot of historical figures — and yet also features a climactic boss fight against the pope in the Sistine Chapel.
That same structure also means a fair amount of slight technical hiccups that, at this point, captive by video-game Stockholm syndrome, I would describe as charming.
The clockwork release schedule of Assassin’s Creed is something that only an immense international operation like developer and publisher Ubisoft could pull off, in part because of how large these games are. Other games on annual release cycles are a bit more focused in their subject matter. Call of Duty is always focused on shooting; Madden is always focused on football. Assassin’s Creed, like other open-world games, needs to re-create a city (or a country) from scratch, while iterating on mechanics or creating entirely new ones for each iteration. With studios spread around the world and a development team of thousands, Ubisoft has a lead team on each game supplemented by a legion of support groups. One studio might work on the multiplayer, or one specific section, while another fixes a graphical glitch. It means that for the last decade, the company has been putting out Assassin’s Creed games at a relentless pace, while also experimenting and changing the formula and experimenting with new systems. Maybe there’s a naval combat system in one game, multiple protagonists with different fighting styles in another. No Assassin’s Creed game feels like a cut-and-paste job. I’ve played all ten of them.
The result of this is Assassin’s Creed Origins, which is out later this month. While each past game has moved the series forward chronologically, Origins is the earliest in the series, set in Ptolemaic Egypt 30 years before B.C. turned into A.D. You play as a man named Bayek. “We decided pretty early that we wanted to do the whole country. It’s not only cities like Alexandria or Memphis, it’s also about the Nile delta with its vegetation, the deserts, and the mountains,” explained producer Julien Laferrière. “We wanted to capture this ancient civilization with its tombs and its mysticism. We knew it would be a huge scope.”
A decade of Assassin’s Creed games at their annual pace is, needless to say, a lot. Ubisoft’s announcement that it wouldn’t release them in 2016 didn’t dismay too many people. But without the pressure of an annual cycle, it was interesting to speculate about what the company might do, how it would take the extra time to go in other directions and try new things.
The choice of time period can seem like a bit of a jolt after the last game, Assassin’s Creed Syndicate, which was set in the mid-1800s, complete with a number of technological flourishes real (a railroad system) and imagined (a grappling hook that let the player ascend stories in seconds). The good news is that, despite boxing the series into its most primitive period yet, Origins is still very much an Assassin’s Creed game, and it’s very fun (which I say as someone predisposed to like it). The lead team on this, the same one that produced Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag, has found ways to both change up the series formula and skirt around problems with ancient Egypt’s, well, ancientness that might otherwise prevent quality-of-life gameplay improvements. There is, for instance, an eagle that always shadows the player that can be accessed at any time. Taking control of it highlights points of interest nearby, whether they are human targets, animals to hunt, or mission objectives. In effect, it’s a drone, scouting out locales in a function similar to another Ubisoft property, the Far Cry series.
The new setting has also forced the series to reevaluate its various systems. Combat, for instance, used to be a locked-animation system. Put plainly, your character would make a move, and the target would react in a preplanned way. In previous games, you could stand surrounded by enemies, and wait for them to attack one by one. The new system works using hitboxes, meaning that if the player swings their sword wide and has the reach to hit multiple enemies, the game will register that, instead of just a single target. Combat has also been remapped on the controller, to the shoulder buttons, a bit like Mirror’s Edge. It takes a few minutes of getting used to, but it eventually clicks.
There are two big issues that I can see being a problem for Origins, and they’re only problems depending on what you’re looking for in an Assassin’s Creed game. The first is story. The franchise has always had decent writing, mainly thanks to strong and well-drawn protagonists. The so-called Ezio Trilogy, Black Flag, and Syndicate all had strong lead characters, but Origins’ Bayek seemed flat in what little narrative I saw. To counter this, the game seems to have a lot more writing compared to previous games. Side missions, the namesake of which literally implies unimportance, all have relatively lengthy cut scenes to intro and conclude them. Main-story cut scenes in my demo ran even longer. The verbosity can drag on — I’m not really playing this series for the narrative. But Laferrière also gave small examples of new writing tweaks, like dialogue that acknowledges actions already undertaken by the player.
The series has retained its RPG-lite qualities. There is a skill tree to add abilities to, and you level up by completing quests and side quests. The system isn’t particularly rigid, however. The play session I attended was set up so that I’d have to do a few side missions before hitting the main story, but I was running low on time and went for the main thread anyway. I was under-leveled and still had combat mastered to the point where I was able to complete the mission with little problem. Ubisoft also says that every non-player character has a specific day-night cycle (think Majora’s Mask), so a target might be easier to get to depending on the time and place.
What I play Assassin’s Creed for is the setting, running along rooftops and cityscapes of historical importance, as opposed to another generic bombed-out war zone. This is where Origins, with its early civilization trappings, could stumble the most. Assassin’s Creed III, set in colonial America, was rightfully derided for its flatness — short buildings, few tall landmarks, not a lot of variety or spontaneity in its cityscapes and countrysides. Origins has sidestepped this concern in a number of ways. With a map that covers a (condensed) version of the entire country at the time, there are plenty of gargantuan landmarks to scamper up and down. But outside of that, Ubisoft has tried to sculpt the world in a way that encourages curiosity. “Instead of having this verticality, we played with the horizon,” Laferrière said. “We tried to tease the player with landmarks or stuff that will block his vision, and he’ll be tempted to go over that to see what’s next. We’ll play with hills, with dunes, with walls that block the player’s vision.”
An extra year of development time meant that the stewards of Assassin’s Creed could step back and take stock of where the series was going and what it should focus more effort on. For better or worse, it is still very much an Assassin’s Creed game. The jank is still there, the faintly sluggish movement is still there, but the commendable historical minutiae and attention to detail still is as well. It’s a substantial reevaluation of the series’s core values, but from what I’ve played, old fans will find much that remains familiar.
One of the truest things in life is that where there are nerds, there is a cappella. Thus, as Silicon Valley has taken over as the nerd capital of the world, the hills outside of San Francisco have come alive with the sound of unaccompanied vocal harmonies. “There’s like a real Silicon Valley tech-company a cappella scene,” says Deke Sharon, the genre’s current éminence grise, known for arranging the music for the Pitch Perfect movies. Come December, he will reprise his role as the master of ceremonies at the fifth annual “Techapella,” at which vocal groups comprising employees of the area’s largest technology companies will put aside their devices and their dreams of conquering the world in order to perform renditions of popular music onstage at Redwood City’s Fox Theatre in real, pasty life. “It’s like a bunch of musical nerds singing their hearts out,” says Aaron Roan, a 34-year-old data scientist for Google, who came up with the idea after Laolee Xiong, an engineer and Roan’s co-founder in Googapella, the company’s first official a cappella group, defected to Facebook, where he quickly set up a rival crew: the Vocal Network. Their first “sing-off,” in 2014, was so popular that it spawned, in the words of Pitch Perfect, “aca-children.”
“A few of us went, and it looked like so much fun,” says Neil Pomerleau. A new employee at LinkedIn, fresh out of school and yearning for the camaraderie of his college a cappella group, Pomerleau got together with a few colleagues and started InTune, and while the exact origin story is a matter of some dispute — as is characteristic of the tech industry, everyone claims to have come up with the same idea independently — Mountain View and its environs were suddenly teeming with rival groups. Dropbox had Syncopation; Pinterest had Pin Tune; some Airbnbers became Airbnbeats; and tweeters at Twitter, naturally, took the name the Songbirds.
Up north, in Seattle, members of the Baudboys, an a cappella group that has been mmm-bopping at Microsoft since 1989, heard what was going on and decided to head south to perform at Techapella 2015. “We were like, ‘We’ve been doing this since Silicon Valley was just a baby,’ ” says Mark Adolph, a 19-year veteran of the group, which takes its name from the now-obsolete measure of the rate at which information is transferred in a communication channel. “So we decided we should go and show them how it’s done.” He jokes: Although there are the rivalries among the various tech companies, when it comes to a cappella, Adolph points out, “Everyone’s just happy that other people are doing it.” (Attendees this year are unlikely to see an 8 Mile–style battle in which fake news, Russian hacking, and antitrust settlements feature in lyrics.) The group’s members are all friends and even vacation together yearly in Tahoe. “We call it Snowappella!” says Pomerleau, who is dating a fellow InTuner. (“A cappella is a very elaborate mating ritual,” Sharon notes.) Still, the players didn’t get this far without being a little competitive: Not long ago, Googapella started touting itself as “Google’s premier a cappella group,” after a second one, AlphaBeats, sprung up within its parent company. “There is more of a demand than supply of a cappella groups,” explains Roan, adding that despite the music’s popularity, no one is planning on recording an album. “You know what they say,” Roan says. “Internet killed the radio star.”
Friendly reminder to check if you’re among the estimated 145.5 million people — that’s 60 percent of the country — whose data was breached. Another friendly reminder, if you find yourself playing Monopoly, don’t bother wasting your money on Park Place.
The Pixel 2 comes in two sizes.
Your options are the standard Pixel 2 with a 5.5-inch display or a larger model, the Pixel 2 XL, which offers a six-inch display. The screens on both models, unlike Apple’s latest, the iPhone X, still have bezels.
You’ve got a few color options, depending on which size you buy.
The smaller device comes in three colors: “kinda blue,” “just black,” and “clearly white.” (Pause here and sigh deeply or groan heavily, depending on your preferred response to those color names.) The Pixel 2 XL comes in two colors: “just black” and “black and white.”
The edges of the phone are for more than just your grip.
Both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel 2 XL have a new feature called “Active Edge.” This allows users to trigger their phones to perform actions — like silencing a call, taking a selfie, or activating Google Assistant — by squeezing the outside of the phone.
You can bring it into the shower, but maybe skip the bath.
The devices are both resistant to dust and water. Which is handy if you get caught in the rain, though you shouldn’t expect to take your Pixel 2 into the pool.
Up your Instagram game with portrait mode.
Both models come with a P-OLED display.
The Pixel 2, if you want to get technical, runs a Snapdragon 835 processor and has 4 GB of RAM. They have a circular polarizer, so you’ll be able to read the screen while wearing polarized sunglasses, and also come with dual front-facing speakers.
Both phones — Google was very happy to point out that it, unlike certain competitors, doesn’t limit features to just the larger phones — offer portrait mode, the feature that blurs the background of a photo to make it look akin to one taken on an SLR camera. The feature works on both the rear camera and the front-facing camera, which means you’ll look hotter in your selfies.
There’s a common phrase on Twitter that seems to be getting more common by the day: “How is there always a tweet?”
Shortly after noon today, Senators Mark Warner and Richard Burr held a press conference on the Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian election interference. The long and short of it is, the committee is working hard and is still in the midst of gathering data, so don’t expect any final judgments anytime soon.
Today, though — today is a doozy. Today isn’t just a rueful, coincidental “How is there always a tweet?” Today is eerie. Today is space-time continuum weird. This week, NBC’s Stephanie Ruhle reported that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called President Trump a “fucking moron” in a meeting. Let’s flash back three years to the month. How is it that this “fucking moron” tweeted this?
Kiss your headphone jack good-bye.
The new Pixel 2 phones don’t have a separate headphone jack, so you’ll need a pair that works with a USB-C if you want to plug it directly into the device. If not, get ready to meet your new best friend, the dongle.
In most ways, the Pixel Buds are a regular set of wireless earbuds. Their battery lasts up to five hours on a charge and the case; you can use them to make and receive calls. But what makes them so exciting is that they’re one step closer to that Holy Grail of way-cool sci-fi gadgetry: the in-ear universal real-time translator.
The on-stage demo — which we can, of course, take with a grain of salt since it was, well, a demo — seemed to go off pretty seamlessly. Not quite Star Trek seamless, but certainly better than if I attempted to speak Swedish using a dictionary in real time. The Pixel Buds start at $159 and should ship in the next six weeks.
Called Google Clips, the camera has, well, a clip on the back, and according to Google, uses AI to figure out when something photo-worthy is happening in front of it. The minimalist device has just one button — a shutter you likely won’t use much — and doesn’t have a display. You pop it down and walk away and … that’s it. Clips should do the rest for you.
From there, Clips assesses what is going on around it and photographs things that are interesting. It won’t take pictures of things that are moving too quickly to capture, and it won’t photograph your hand if you reach to pick it up. But it will snap seven-second clips of your family and friends milling around, particularly faces it has seen repeatedly. (AI, man, it’s cool stuff.)
On this day ten years ago, one of my all-time favorite films was released in theaters: Michael Clayton. Clayton features George Clooney as the titular character, a shadowy legal “fixer” who reevaluates the dirty work he does on behalf of evil corporate clients after one of his clients murders his mentally unstable mentor. It’s the rare film that somehow gets better every time I watch it — and I’ve watched it at least a dozen times.
The phone is as perfectly chosen for drama as it is for characterization. There is a showmanship to opening a flip phone — a dramatic flair that’s not possible with the touchscreen swipe. According to an early 2006 CNET review, “When you hold it in one hand, you can open the Pebl by sliding the front flap toward you (away from the hinge) with your thumb. The flap then flips open in one easy stroke … It opens so quickly and with such force that we felt as if the Pebl would fly out of our hand.” (You know what else opens “so quickly and with such force”? The 2007 motion picture Michael Clayton, which begins with a blistering monologue by the great Tom Wilkinson.) “It’s not the most feature-laden phone, but it’s one of the prettiest,” wrote PC magazine, a description that also applies to George Clooney.
The final scene of Michael Clayton features one of the most satisfying comeuppances ever to be recorded on celluloid. It’s the scene in which Tilda Swinton earned the Oscar she won for the movie. Having finally outfoxed the lawyer who ordered his mentor’s murder by secretly recording her confession, Clayton pulls out his phone to take a picture of her astonished, confused face. She either does not understand what has happened or is unable to admit it to herself.
I’m pretty sure my toaster now has better tech specs than this phone, but that’s kinda what makes the Michael Clayton ending so beautiful. Taking a picture on a flip-phone camera was often more trouble than it was worth: The photo quality was terrible, and there was often no clear way to extract a photo from a flip phone — they didn’t interface with computers as easily as smartphones do now. If you wanted to text the picture to anyone else, you ran the risk of incurring a charge from your cell-phone provider. You had to really want the flip-phone picture. Clayton wanted it.
But one of the more consistent annoyances of Apple’s new OS is for anyone who uses public transit. Your phone will constantly think you’re driving, turning on Do Not Disturb While Driving and disabling notifications. That’s because the feature uses a combination of your phone’s accelerometer, your GPS, and how quickly it finds and drops Wi-Fi networks to determine when it thinks you are driving — all of which can happen when you’re on a bus, train, or subway. It sucks to miss a text or Slack or a Twitter DM because I’m commuting to work and my phone thinks I’m behind the wheel of a car.
With Rocket Man and the Dotard lobbing threats over the Pacific, prepping for hellfire has become that rarest of American phenomena in 2017: a unifying activity. “During Obama, you had people worried about civil unrest,” says Gary Lynch over the phone from Texas, where he manages Rising S Bunkers, which will install a steel shelter beneath your backyard — starting price: $39,500. “Now people are worried that Trump won’t back down if someone pushes him into a war.”
Another applicant is Justin, a 30-something “technology-savvy young professional” from San Ramon, California (“engineer,” “executive,” “martial artist,” “survivalist”). He admitted to becoming beset by dark fears about any number of catastrophes. He’d already been stockpiling food, water, and alternate power. “I feel the world at some point will no longer be able to support the ever-growing expansion of the human race, oxygen levels will begin to deplete, chaos would erupt … being prepared will mean the difference between those who survive” — of whom he hoped to be a part — “and the billions that unfortunately will not.” Justin wanted room for two adults and a child in the bunker and bragged he could “plan, execute, and communicate projectlike work on nearly any aspect of life.” His martial arts — karate, judo, jiu-jitsu, Krav Maga — would act as “security should firearms fail, become compromised, or depleted,” he wrote. He had just one technical question: “How will oxygen be created and CO2 cleaned without sunlight?”
Vivos employees vet the applications and call the contestants, weeding out people with psychological problems, prior convictions, or intolerance of diversity, given life will be cozy down there and no one wants to have to use the detention area. They aim for a gender balance — lest the bunker become a subterranean sausage fest — and an array of skills. “They’re not all doctors or scientists or Wall Street or military guys,” says Vivos CEO Robert Vicino. “You have plumbers and mechanics … all walks of life.” Both the Ph.D. and Justin made the cut. Additionally, Vicino interviewed an oil mogul from Texas who said he couldn’t sleep he was so worried. He nabbed space in the Indiana bunker for four generations of his family and now snoozes, Vicino reports, “like a baby.”
One applicant was a 30-something from San Jose, California, who filled out Vivos’s online application, clicking the skills boxes for “programmer,” “scientist,” “engineer,” and “executive.” He said he was a dual U.S.-E.U. citizen and father of a 3-year-old. He then soldiered on to the essay portion, linking to his patents and emphasizing (twice) his computer-science Ph.D. “I am highly confident we architect, design, implement and rebuild everything that is needed in the new era,” he wrote. Typed in “Always good to plan for the worst.” Clicked “yes” to the question “Do you believe that the world faces near-future catastrophes?” And, when asked just which disaster he most feared, replied, “A possible new War within years.”
The move doesn’t come as much of a surprise, given the company’s recent partnership with Apple to create the somewhat-terrifying iPhone X feature known as Animoji. Though only time will tell whether or not Snap’s version will be as satisfying as turning your face into a poop emoji.
Folks, fantastic news. The patriarchy has been dismantled. Who is to thank for this newfound equality, you ask? Hamburger Helper. The four-fingered cartoon-glove mascot, helmed by an unseen social-media manager somewhere, so severely burned one dude haranguing a woman on Twitter that sexism is over now. You can start unraveling your pink hats.
But Hamburger Helper — smart, woke — was not about to let that slide. The @Helper account quote-tweeted Chris’s original tweet questioning whether or not such behavior made him “husband material.”
Here’s how it went down. The dude, Chris, tweeted a screenshot of a Snapchat — ostensibly sent by a woman — featuring a pan of Hamburger Helper and the caption “wife me.” To which Chris — not smart, not woke — claimed that cooking Hamburger Helper “doesn’t make you wife material.”
Hamburger Helper, thank you.
Earlier this week, Instagram rolled out a polls feature for Instagram Stories. Now users can ask their followers to answer questions and they’ll be able to see the results in real time. Pizza or pasta? Brooklyn or Manhattan? Should I wear these jeans or are these the most unflattering pants you’ve ever seen? It’s a little like Twitter, which has had a polls feature for several years. It’s a little like Twitter except in the one very big way it’s not like Twitter: Instagram poll results are not anonymous. If you vote in your friend’s poll, they will know exactly who you are and what you voted for.
Once more for the people in the back: Instagram polls are not anonymous.
Earlier this year, as part of World Emoji Day — a totally real, official holiday celebrated across the globe — Apple sent out a teaser video featuring its official designs for the latest batch of Unicode Consortium–approved emoji. (Unicode is the governing body that determines what types of emoji companies like Apple, Android, and the like can put out.) And today, the emoji of the future are finally here. Apple has released the official designs (in full) for each and every emoji that will soon be making its way to a keyboard near you.
On Thursday, BuzzFeed News published an enormous, riveting story — based largely on leaked emails and other documents written by or sent to Milo Yiannopoulos, former Breitbart columnist and clown prince of the alt-right — about the rise of the alt-right over the last two years. In many ways a confirmation of what people had long suspected about the coordinated networks of influence that lie behind Breitbart, the alt-right, and white nationalists — and, in particular, former White House adviser and Breitbart editor Steve Bannon’s role as a central node — the story is a litany of details that will make you groan, gasp, clench your teeth, and then sigh heavily and look for the nearest bar. But beyond the detailed gossip, what should we take away from this story? Here are the four things that stuck out to us in particular.
Milo Yiannopoulos was doing a lot more than flirting with Nazism.
Yiannopoulos was apparently too nearsighted to see actual Nazis, but not so nearsighted to keep Nazi-related terms out of his passwords. Back in 2016, Yiannopoulos performed a karaoke rendition — there is a video — of “America the Beautiful” in front of a crowd of people, including white nationalist leader Richard Spencer, giving Nazi salutes. When BuzzFeed asked about this incident, Yiannopoulos blamed “severe myopia” and claimed he hadn’t noticed the saluting. “I have been and am a steadfast supporter of Jews and Israel. I disavow white nationalism and I disavow racism and I always have.” But … as the story reveals, Yiannopoulos’s account passwords betray a more than abiding interest in Nazis and anti-Semitism. One password, “LongKnives1290,” is a reference to both the infamous Nazi purge known as the Night of Long Knives, and the year King Edward I expelled Jews from England. Another password begins with “Kristall,” which is possibly a reference to the Kristallnacht riot.
Yiannopoulos had a wide network of tipsters in the tech and media industries, including people avowedly on the left.
Yiannopoulos’s frequent correspondents included tech entrepreneur Vivek Wadhwa, once a self-appointed advocate for women in technology; Dan Lyons, a tech reporter who has also worked on Silicon Valley; and Mitchell Sunderland, a senior staff writer at Vice’s women’s vertical, who once sent Yiannopoulos a link to an article by Lindy West asking him to “please mock this fat feminist.”
Peter Thiel watched the election with alt-right blogger Mencius Moldbug, who describes Thiel as “fully enlightened.”
After Thiel declined to be on Yiannopoulos’s podcast in May 2016, the venture capitalist and dude who helped sue Gawker into oblivion had the Breitbart writer at his home for dinner. Most interestingly, far-right blogger Curtis Yarvin, better known as Mencius Moldbug, told Yiannopoulos that he had been “coaching” Thiel in politics. Yarvin and Thiel apparently watched the election together, and Moldbug described Thiel as “fully enlightened, just plays it very carefully,” in an email to Yiannopoulos.
They’re like your old favorite emoji, but spooky!
Yeah, you may have thought you had more than enough food emoji, but, oh boy, were you wrong. This latest update will allow you to perfectly depict any and all meals in pictograph form, with the addition of a Chinese-takeout box, stem of broccoli, pie, and dumpling emoji.
New options include a giraffe, a zebra, an obscenely cute-looking hedgehog, a dinosaur, and a cricket. Perfect for sending to someone who’s left you on read!
Ah, no update to the world of emoji would be complete without a string of absolutely bizarre additions. Safe to say, if you ever need to wordlessly convey details about your rock-climbing/skiing/curling adventure while sitting in a sauna, Emoji 5.0 has got your back.
The Mercer family’s involvement in Breitbart wasn’t limited to just funding the alt-right site.
Thus began a relationship that would extend past Yiannopoulos’s tenure at Breitbart, which ended after a moderate-conservative group resurfaced video of him appearing to condone pedophilia:
After all, it’s only natural that among the subset of young people who hear Yiannopoulos (or Mike Cernovich, or Paul Joseph Watson, or …) rant about “globalists” and migrants and liberals and Muslims over and over and over again, some of them are going to seek out harder fare. Just a few years ago, there simply wasn’t much of a youthful reactionary movement, online or offline. That’s changing, and it’s in part because of, well, a small cabal of secretive conservative funders.
Billionaire Robert Mercer is one of Breitbart’s major backers, but the Mercer family has gone on to back Yiannopoulos independently of the site, since his departure over a video in which Yiannopoulos appeared to approve of pedophilia. Just two weeks after leaving Breitbart amid scandal, Yiannopoulos spent time at the Mercers’ house in Florida, where he was wired money from Robert to fund his new business, MILO, INC.
After the meeting, Bannon began pushing Yiannopoulos to do more and more live shows — apparently with the enthusiastic support of the Mercers. Soon “Dan Fleuette, Bannon’s coproducer at Glittering Steel and the man who acted for months as the go-between for Yiannopoulos and the Mercers … was enlisted to process and wrangle the legion of young assistants, managers, trainers, and other talent the Breitbart tech editor demanded be brought along for the ride.” When Yiannopoulos expressed security concerns, Bannon told him they would be using the Mercers’ private security detail.
AIM was one of the last parts of AOL to survive the Paleolithic early internet, back when AOL was a walled garden of keyword sites, chat rooms, and homework helpers that charged users by the hour. As AOL slowly imploded on itself, unable to keep up with the infinite variability of the web at large and the decline of dial-up, AIM, launched in 1997 as a stand-alone app, made it out of the wreckage alive by re-creating the experience of IMing directly within AOL, without the need for an AOL account.
I haven’t used AIM in years — probably not in this decade. I managed to log in to the service using my old screen name (DopeKingMasterX, add me to your buddy list!), but didn’t see anyone else online. I couldn’t even really place who a lot of the usernames were anymore.
But as Slack and its ilk have started to dominate white-collar professional life, it’s easy to forget that for many people, AIM was where you learned the rhythms of communicating quickly and purely through text. A certain deadpan brevity, the agony of waiting for a reply to a loaded question, the slight asynchronicity to every conversation — all of that came from hours and hours on AIM.
It proved popular as a stand-alone chat app, surviving well into the aughts before being supplanted by Gchat and social networks like Friendster, MySpace, Twitter, and, of course, Facebook. Leaving song lyrics or emotionally charged but opaque away messages was already a source of “every ’90s kid remembers” nostalgia, and it seems clear that as the Verizon/Yahoo/AOL/Oath merger continues, more and more of these legacy services will simply be shut down. (Backup your Flickr sooner rather than later.)
If you head to Port Authority and hop on NJ Transit’s 190 bus toward Paterson, you’ll travel through the Lincoln Tunnel, out past the swamps of the Meadowlands and MetLife Stadium. Just after crossing the Passaic River, the bus will turn onto Route 21 North, winding along the river past crew teams and high schoolers playing football. Eventually, the bus will turn onto Main Avenue, and a few blocks down, past a McDonald’s and a KFC, you can step off onto a tiny strip mall called Chestnut Plaza. There’s a Popeye’s, a bagel shop, an MRI center, and — on the end, its orange sign gleaming in the mid-Atlantic autumn sun — your final destination: Little Caesars. If you’re particularly sensitive, you might be able to sense it. You’re at a landmark, a bright node in a great network overlapping the United States. This Little Caesars — the Passaic, New Jersey, Little Caesars — is special. Something viral happened here.
Virality can happen anywhere. In a Krispy Kreme in North Carolina. At the Apple Store at the Grove in Los Angeles. In the stands of Boston College’s Alumni Stadium.
The video is breathtaking. Set to the strains of Rockell’s 1997 hit “In a Dream,” a young man bounces from the front entrance of the store past the counter and into the back, where he turns his body suddenly toward the camera. He opens the door to a walk-in refrigerator. Inside, another teenager, in just his underwear and shoes, pours sauce all over his chest and thrusts his pelvis toward the floor a couple of times. The camera then turns back and exits the cooler, heading over to another door. The door opens to reveal the first boy again, legs spread across a gap between two shelving units, also dancing with his shirt off. He jumps down and out of frame and the video abruptly ends.
As appealing as @lordflaconegro’s story is, the iCloud-upload framing is, as you probably already know, bogus. The low quality of the video indicates that the footage was ripped from other platforms and re-uploaded a few times. So @lordflaconegro sent the video viral, but they were not its maker. The @lordflaconegro tweet, as all viral tweets do, ebbs and flows in popularity, but it has gotten significant attention this week, even as the identity of the video’s actual directors and stars remained obscured.
In fact, the video originated on Facebook, where it was uploaded on August 28 by the man in the refrigerator, who goes by King Curlz on Instagram, and shared a few days later by the man at the start of the video, Adrian, with the caption, “Keep sharing 🤦🏽 😭.” If nothing else, it’s clear that the duo has little reservation about getting as many eyeballs on their workplace antics as possible. As of publishing, it has a little over 4,000 views. In comparison, @lordflaconegro’s tweet has more than 17,000 retweets and almost 40,000 likes.
Over text messages, Adrian said that the video was inspired by social-media celebrity Junebug’s iteration of the #InADreamChallenge, which began as the product of a few friends dancing to the Rockell song. “There’s no secret behind it. We’re literally just filming how we hang out,” Philliip Szeto wrote of the social-media trend.
This week, the pair from the first video (and, I assume, an unseen accomplice holding the camera) uploaded another. In it, they dance around the Little Caesars parking lot, throwing cash around, shedding their shirts, and dumping what appears to be pizza sauce all over each other. “TBH I can’t say why I do what I do but I been like this since high [school]!” King Curlz texted me. “Love making ppl laugh.”
It seems like the world’s chillest Little Caesars. Fast-food locations in general — like the Krispy Kreme of the infamous “back at it again” tumbling mishap — are viral-media incubators. They’re staffed and frequented by the young and creative and bored, and the aesthetic uniformity and banality of a fast-food franchise enhances the uncanny sense of recognition. It could’ve been any McDonald’s, any Krispy Kreme, maybe it’s the Chipotle or the Starbucks you’re standing in right now.
A little more sleuthing on Curlz and Adrian, a little bit more scouring Google Street View, and you wind up at a north Jersey quick-service pizza place named after a small Roman conqueror.
I’ve watched the Little Caesars video dozens of times this week, either of my own volition or because it’s been retweeted into my feed, and there is something oddly invigorating about stepping into the totally normal space in which it was filmed. The internet and social media have made everyone a documentarian, and, in turn, every space a landmark. But there’s nothing particularly monumental about a strip mall in Passaic — nothing physically striking or notable. What’s invigorating is the secret knowledge you have: Something funny or special happened here, and it was seen by hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people around the world. The slight energy is generated by the tension between the material world and the digital one that gives it meaning.
On Thursday, I paid the Little Caesars a visit.
Not wanting to seem like a weirdo heavily scrutinizing a strip mall Little Caesars, I got a Hot-N-Ready pizza and a Brisk iced tea. I could peer back to the left corner, and grab a glimpse of the door to the storeroom that Adrian is seen dancing shirtless in at the end of the video. Aside from two chairs forming a makeshift waiting area, there was nowhere to sit, which is how I ended up sitting on some sort of machinery unit in the back and eating half of my $6 pizza alone before my sense of shame finally kicked in.
Afterward, I went back to talk to the cashier, a shy man who gave me a look that said something like, This guy left carrying an entire pizza, and now he’s back ten minutes later without any pizza ... I showed him the video, which he instantly recognized. He told me that the pair in the video got fired on Saturday.
When I told King Curlz about my trip to the store last night, he said, “Nah we still work there ppl jus looking out for us.” I told him I’d try to write this article in such a way that he wouldn’t lose his job, but Little Caesars is just a stepping stone for the pair. “No it’s ok idc if I get fired,” Curlz admitted. On a different text thread, Adrian said, “This is what we wanted. We wanna become instagram famous.”
A little before 4 p.m. on September 16, a Twitter user called @lordflaconegro tweeted at the chain’s parent company. “Hey @littlecaesars,” he wrote, “I left my phone at one of your establishments and this video was uploaded on my iCloud help.”
Up until recently, if you wanted to turn off Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, it was pretty simple: Just swipe up to open the Control Center, tap the icons, and off they would go. It was a pretty easy and intuitive system that saved you the trouble of finding wherever it is you keep your Settings app and flicking the switches off manually. In iOS 11, Apple’s most recent update to your iPhone’s software, you can technically do the same: Swipe up on the (now new and improved) Control Center, give the icons a tap, and your Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections will disappear. The whole process seems practically identical. That is, until a couple of minutes later, when they automatically turn back on.
Despite all appearances, this isn’t a glitch or a bug, but rather a textbook example of how corporate goals can outrank what’s best for users, leading to terrible, shitty design. I, like a lot of other early adopters out there, reported the issue frequently when I was beta-testing iOS 11, foolishly thinking that it was just some oversight on Apple’s part. However, since iOS 11’s release last month, it’s become painfully obvious that Apple views this change as a net positive for users.
This is seriously problematic for a number of reasons that span far beyond mere inconvenience. The change means that the majority of iPhone users will likely have Bluetooth and Wi-Fi turned on at all times. (Okay, yes, technically you can go into Settings and turn them on and off manually, but that’s an absolute pain in the ass and very few people are really going to do that each and every time they move from one connection to another.) And while that may not sound like that big of deal — especially if it means less time hitting buttons on your phone — it most definitely is. Having Wi-Fi and Bluetooth enabled at all times is a huge security risk.
“Attackers who are able to connect to the devices may be able to eavesdrop, exfiltrate files, or access internet connectivity through the victim device,” explained Alex Heid, a white hat hacker. “Furthermore, attackers may be able to leverage exploits against the Wi-Fi hardware or Bluetooth hardware in order to gain an elevated level of unauthorized access.”
With these settings on, it’s shockingly easy for someone with malicious intent to connect to your device. If you’re an AT&T customer, your iPhone is preprogrammed to automatically connect to any Wi-Fi network named “attwifi,” regardless of whether it is the real “attwifi” network, or a spoof made by someone else entirely. Though, the issue affects more than just AT&T customers. The average iPhone set up to automatically connect to any network that has an identical name to any of the hundreds of other Wi-Fi networks you’ve joined in the past. This feature leaves users who fail to fully shut off their Wi-Fi settings in an incredibly vulnerable place.
If someone wanted to hack your phone, all they would have to do is follow you to some location where you’re using Wi-Fi, set up their own network with the same name using a Wi-Fi Pineapple or some other easily available form of technology, and wait for your phone connect. From there, a hacker could easily carry out a number of potential attacks.
By doing away with the easiest available safeguard, Apple is opening scores of users up to these kinds of attacks. Reading Apple’s description of the change, you get the sense that the update happened because they wanted to make it easier for users to stay connected to a variety of other Apple products. But having a slightly more streamlined pairing process with your Apple Pencil doesn’t exactly seem worth all of these risks. Especially when there’s no way to revert back to the way things were.
Twitter, in a rare move, actually improved its product yesterday.
While you were maybe off celebrating the long weekend, Twitter was still putting in the work, making meme lemonade out of meme lemons.
Good morning, this floor is flat. I know it looks like something off the cover of a Dr. Seuss book, but I am the Thomas Friedman of floors, and I am here to tell you it is flat, and was probably designed by a bunch of sadistic people who would like nothing more than to watch you trip and fall on your face. Actually, it’s the entryway to a tile company’s showroom in Manchester, England. Which, frankly, is a pretty good way to sell tile. But also, the “falling on your face” thing. (On the upside, the illusion only works from one direction. The floor looks normal walking out of the building.)
No running in the halls.
Though the whole video is, to quote Hadid, dope, the specific part that went viral is this:
This is not the first time that shoes have been roasted online, nor is it the first time that a Hadid sister was the butt of a joke. Regardless, great meme, everybody! Thank you for your service. Thank you for putting in the work and dedication to really help this meme reach the next level.
Last week, Bella Hadid was a guest on Sneaker Shopping, a Complex series in which famous people buy expensive sneakers. On the show, Hadid spoke about footwear as though she’d learned all of her vocabulary from a 1950s Christian magazine about the dangers of youth culture. A clip of the video quickly went viral.
Snap, Inc., for all its insistence on being a “camera company,” has gotten pretty good at building features that keep users engaged, even if those features don’t actively involve, you know, photography. This summer brought the Snap Map, a well-engineered time suck that lets you peer into the lives of other Snapchatters around the world. Bitmoji made their way into the world of AR. And who could forget the dancing hot dog seen round the world. Today the, um, camera company is rolling out a new feature that seems engineered in a similar vein — that’s the “keep people using the platform for as long as possible” vein. Called Context Cards, Snapchat is integrating other platforms — including OpenTable, TripAdvisor, Foursquare, Michelin, Goop, Uber, and Lyft — to provide users with everything from restaurant reviews to rides without ever needing to leave Snapchat.
Late last night, Twitter product manager Jesar Shah announced that a new “Save for Later” feature for tweets would be coming soon to a Twitter account near you. Up until now, if you wanted to save a tweet for later, you had to like it or DM it to yourself, but that may soon be but a distant memory.
According to the demo Shah attached to her tweet, it’ll work like this: The update will replace the “send via DM” icon on the bottom right with an overflow menu (a.k.a. those three little dots you see everywhere on your phone). Inside that menu, you’ll now have both the “Share via DM” button you’ve grown to know and love, and the shiny new “Add to Bookmark” button. After you choose to add a tweet to your Bookmarks, you’ll be able to read it later by clicking on the corresponding list in Settings.
Say a friend sends you a snap of some really good-looking soup dumplings and includes the Really Good Soup Dumpling Restaurant geotag. The snap — assuming Really Good Soup Dumpling Restaurant has a Context Card — will say “MORE” at the bottom. You can swipe up to see things like the restaurant’s hours, reviews, telephone number, and possibly what Gwyneth Paltrow thinks about the joint. (A Snapchat representative said some places might have a location-specific story included in their Context Cards, so you’d be able to see what other users at a given restaurant or hotel or funeral home are up to.) If you decide you can’t wait, call up an Uber or a Lyft to deliver you right there. Or use Resy or OpenTable to book a reservation for later in the week. No minimizing the app. No texting your friend, “Hey, tell me about those dumplings.” No Googling. Just more time spent using Snapchat to do the same things you’d likely have done anyway.
Earlier this week, Axios reported that Snapchat has seen a 40 percent rise in user engagement — via Snap Map submissions — since the Snap Map was introduced. Context Cards — if users decide they like them and they’re easy enough to use — seem poised to give Snapchat a similar bump. And convenience for users translates to more time spent in the app, which ultimately translates to more profits — Snapchat says info shown in Context Cards is dynamic and will change in real time, but it’s not hard to imagine a world where businesses pay Snapchat for what reviews populate first — for Spiegel & Co. Now go enjoy your soup dumplings and try to ignore the faint aftertaste of capitalism.
There’s no telling exactly when this new feature will roll out, but Shah invited users to contribute to the feature’s development by tweeting with designers using the hashtag #SaveForLater.
The one downside? You may end up getting slightly fewer likes as people stop using the fave system as a makeshift bookmarking feature. So go forth and like with abandon!
The rules of virtual reality are still being established, but here’s an easy one: Don’t use human disasters as a way to show off features of your VR product.
While cars inched by on flooded bridges and men huddled drinking bottled water, Zuckerberg and Rubin floated eerily in front of them, smiling and untouched by the misery surrounding them. At one point, Zuckerberg enthused, in that affectless but enthusiastic tone he’s adopted since getting media training: “One of the things that’s really magical about virtual reality is you can get the feeling you’re really in a place.”
But even by those low standards, the CEO of Facebook (and, presumably, the team of PR people surrounding him during most of his waking moments) are extraordinarily bad at using Facebook.
Much of Puerto Rico remains without running water or electricity, and dozens (and more likely hundreds) of people are dead. Zuckerberg’s video begins with a shot of him and Rubin sitting on top of a sunny rooftop at Facebook’s campus, where they presumably have electricity and the high-speed internet needed to get Facebook Spaces to work.
Look: Almost no one is good at using Facebook. You’re not really meant to be able to be good at it! It’s meant for you to create engaging News Feed content that draws in your friends, sucks up personal data, and allows for advertisers to target your demographic. It’s one of the reasons there are so few individual “Facebook stars” — while pages about topics might become large, individual personalities rarely do. People get huge on other platforms like YouTube or Twitch, and perhaps later use Facebook as a promotional tool, but rarely does someone become famous purely through posting primarily to Facebook.
Facebook has done some admirable charity work in Puerto Rico, and the video is, viewed in a generous light, in just very poor taste. (In a less generous light, it’s a weird tech demo done as disaster tourism.) But Zuck and his PR team should have just done with the second Facebook Spaces video he posted that day — he, Rubin, and a digital avatar of his dog Beast floating in outer space. It’s bland, inoffensive, and set in an environment that’s more suited to be shown off in Facebook Spaces — and for Zuck’s, uh, unique brand of showmanship.
Zuckerberg has a history of “eating his own dog food” as the Silicon Valley term goes, using new Facebook products and his own celebrity to boost the signal for fledgling products. He forced his obviously uncomfortable co-workers into his office for a Facebook Live chat back in 2016, and later did a one-on-one Facebook Live where a user asked if Mark could “give me the Zucc.” (Zuckerberg seemed unaware of the meme-ish double entendre going on.)
The Dow Jones newswires had what they’re calling a “technical error” earlier today, causing them to falsely report that Google bought Apple for a cool $9 billion. (What a steal!)
Among other things, the multiple news alerts sent out by the Dow Jones stated that “Steve Jobs Suggested this in His Will,” and that, in response, “Google Says Yay” and will “Get 9 Apple Shares for Each Google Share.” Thankfully, neither Apple nor Google’s actual stock prices were affected by the fake report, probably because no one in their right mind would believe that Apple could be bought for a mere $9 billion.
In a statement to 9to5Mac, the Dow Jones insisted that the affair was merely a technical error and apologized. Yet, the idea that the publication of at least six fake headlines and one multi-sentence false story happened totally by accident seems fishy. At the very least, someone out there had to type all of this up and hit publish.
Also: breaking news! Bloomberg Professional Services has just bought Dow Jones for $3.5 million. [Editor’s note: News of this acquisition is false, and appeared due to a technical error at New York Magazine. We apologize for the error.]
Whatever the true story is, we probably won’t get to hear it. Instead, all we’re left with is this statement from the Dow Jones: “Please disregard the headlines that ran on Dow Jones Newswires between 9:34AM ET and 9:36AM ET. Due to a technical error, the headlines were published. All of those headlines are being removed from the wires. We apologize for the error.”
Two hot new fads kids can’t get enough of, fidget spinners and cellular phones, have finally come together. As spotted by PhoneRadar, the phone, called the Chili (because it’s so spicy!), has been on sale for nearly six months.
Here’s a full review of the phone, though it’s in Hindi, and it’s over 30 minutes long, so I hope you either have a lot of patience or understand Hindi.
The handset has a 1.4-inch screen, a basic web browser, and Bluetooth; it also comes with a default of 32 MB of storage — but you can up that to 8 GB with an SD card. It costs $20.
For the price of one iPhone X, you could buy 50 Chili phones. Yes, you won’t get edge-to-edge screens, an AMOLED display, or wireless charging — but you will get a phone you can spin very quickly on either your index or middle finger. While the Chili is only on sale in India, there’s a whole bunch of fidget-spinner phone cases on Amazon, which let you turn your iPhone into a fidget spinner. They all look extremely legit and like a smart and safe way to spin a very expensive object around really fast.
If you’re lucky, you didn’t hear the words “Szechuan sauce” this weekend. If that is the case, I implore you to close this browser window and remain in your state of blissful ignorance. But if you did hear the words “Szechuan sauce” this weekend — if you saw it referenced on Twitter, or god help you, if you were one of the McDonald’s employees confronted by a rampaging mob of furious adult-cartoon fans demanding it — and find yourself confused, you’re not alone. “Szechuan sauce” is more than just a McDonald’s dipping product — it is a spicy mélange of online geek culture, corporate social-media pandering, fan entitlement, viral-video voyeurism, and the internet’s reflexive hatred of anyone who enjoys other things too much. Let us try to explain.
A well-known parody of the show’s most ardent fans, which has been passed around so much that its author has been lost to time, goes something like this:
[Sighs for a duration that seems at once endless and too short.] You could say that. To be clear: There are many, many Rick and Morty fans who are kind, compassionate, and socially aware people who enjoy the show for its intelligent humor, without believing that their love of it means anything in particular about themselves. But Rick and Morty also attracts a certain kind of aggressive and annoying fan that you might stereotype as “Reddit nerd.” Allowing, again, that it’s a stereotype, and many Rick and Morty fans are kind people who wouldn’t send a blogger hate mail for no real reason, the “Reddit nerd” is the kind of person who thinks that the science and pop-culture references are too smart for normal people; who believes that to truly enjoy Rick and Morty, you need some arcane knowledge passed down through the ranks of a chosen few; and that because it addresses “nerdy” sci-fi tropes, it is somehow not “mainstream,” even though the most popular cultural products on the planet right now are science-fiction series and comic-book superheroes.
What did we learn?
If you’re part of a fandom, chill out! If you’re a global corporation, pandering to said fandom can be a third rail. If you’re part of neither but are reading this, you’ve learned that the internet has turned many people’s brains into mush.
Szechuan sauce was a dipping sauce (like most sauces, probably something mixed with ketchup) created by the quick-service restaurant chain McDonald’s, meant to coincide with the 1998 release of Mulan, a film set in China. It was discontinued following the film tie-in.
In the meantime, it might be worth finding a new antivirus software, even if you’re not bringing classified documents home from your day job at the NSA.
At the very least, the disclosures do not bode well for Kaspersky, which derives more than 60 percent of its sales from the U.S. and Western Europe. But the unknown (and likely unknowable) question is how much Kaspersky was aware of its role in Russian intelligence. The company has denied any cooperation with government spying operations, and until recently enjoyed a decent reputation in cybersecurity circles. It’s possible that Kaspersky didn’t know, and that Russia used it as a stepping stone. It’s possible that Kaspersky is lying and was a willful cooperator or compelled by Russian legal pressure. It’s possible that higher-ups at Kaspersky weren’t complicit, but lower-level employees were.
During today’s Oculus Connect 4 event in California, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg announced the company is rolling out its first stand-alone — no wires or clicking your phone into the device to power it — VR headset. Called Oculus Go, Zuck said the device would be available sometime early next year and will sell for $199. Details about the device were limited, but Go will have a new controller, a fast-switch LCD display, and will work with all existing Gear VR games.
One of the advantages the Google Home smart speaker has always had over Amazon’s incumbent, the Echo, has been its ability to tell who is speaking and pull the relevant info. If you want your smart speaker to order you a five-pound bag of gummy bears, you want that bag sent to you, not your roommate.
You can use the new voice profiles to request custom music recommendations, get custom news briefings, and personalized shopping experiences. Easy peasy, no more calling the wrong mom. Alexa now knows who your mom is.
So, despite some very odd and kinda cyberpunkish patents, Apple will be staying out of the AR glasses game for the time being.
That said, Cook is very bullish on AR as a whole — just not in glasses. “Think back to 2008, when the App Store went live,” he tells The Independent, talking about AR in iOS. “There was the initial round of apps and people looked at them and said, ‘This is not anything, mobile apps are not going to take off.’ And then step by step things start to move. And it is sort of a curve, it was just exponential — and now you couldn’t imagine your life without apps. Your health is on one app, your financials, your shopping, your news, your entertainment — it’s everything. AR is like that. It will be that dramatic.”
Since the 2016 election debacle, Facebook has made some changes as it attempts to stem the tide of misinformation and fake news on its platform. Most prominent, it’s introduced a system that uses third-party fact checkers — from places like Snopes, ABC News, and Poynter — to verify stories. Links found to be bogus would be labeled with a fake-news flag. Now, ten months later, Facebook says stories with fake-news flags see a significant drop in engagement. But the process takes awhile.
“It sounds like you’d be fine with it,” Allen asked, “it” being ads that further spread false information. Sandberg didn’t dispute the assertion: “When you cut off speech for one person, you cut off speech for all people.”
That includes information that is flat-out wrong, even in paid advertisements. Sandberg tried to deflect some blame on Twitter, which earlier this week removed an ad for Senate candidate Marsha Blackburn that referred to Planned Parenthood selling fetal tissue, a long-running and unfounded conservative talking point. “I am a staunch supporter of reproductive rights. I am a staunch supporter of Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood is not selling baby body parts,” she told the audience, stating in clear terms that she considered Blackburn’s claim untrue. And then she backpedaled. “But the question is, ‘Should divisive political or issue ads run?’ Our answer is yes.”
And Sandberg paints herself as a free-speech absolutist. The most interesting exchange of the whole Q&A came when Allen brought up “Russian ads” — ads pushing divisive topics bought by accounts secretly connected to a Kremlin-linked online propaganda operation. Asked if Facebook would let those same ads run had they been bought by legitimate accounts, users who were really who they claimed to be, Sandberg said yes. For Facebook, the contents are beside the point. “The thing about free expression is, when you allow free expression, you allow free expression,” Sandberg said.
Sandberg’s position is, on the surface, not that different from many newspapers or other publishers who don’t rigorously fact-check the advertisements they carry in their pages. But advertisements in those outlets are clearly labeled and distinct in design and format from news articles, and maybe more importantly, the outlets themselves are in the business of producing accurate information. Facebook is not — quite. Less than five minutes after saying she’d allow the Blackburn ad, she told Allen, “We know that people want accurate information on Facebook, and that’s what we want to see.”
Goodell sent tweets criticizing reporters such as “Reads like press release from the players’ union” (regarding recent league controversies) and a defense of the commissioner and his father, a former senator who earned the ire of the Nixon administration. “Goodell courageous & was right in the end. Leadership is hard. Commish is doing same. Give him credit.” Much like a senator willing to take on the president, Roger Goodell is showing courage when he dodges opportunities to mention the actual issues that players are protesting, police brutality and institutionalized racism.
Jane Skinner Goodell, the wife of National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell, has been revealed as the person behind a sporadically active Twitter account that, according to The Wall Street Journal, sent 14 frustrated tweets to sports reporters. The handle @forargument — further proof that getting mad online is the only thing that truly unites us as human beings — was deleted shortly after the Journal inquired about Goodell’s relationship to the account.
Goodell, who hosted a daytime show on Fox News a few years ago, told the Journal that she sent the anonymous tweets under the name “Jones smith” because she was bothered by coverage of her husband. “It was a REALLY silly thing to do and done out of frustration — and love,” she wrote. She was outed by her follows on the service, which included accounts related to the school that the couple’s children attend. Be careful insulting the troll in your mentions, it might be the NFL commissioner’s wife!
The investigation also revealed a number of other strange details, such as an official Don’t Shoot Us YouTube page, which had posted over 200 videos, none of which garnered many views, and many failed attempts to instigate real-life rallies in cities all over the country.
The shitty-men-in-media list has always existed.
But this week, the list took on a physical manifestation. An unnamed person started a Google spreadsheet, naming dozens of men in media and publishing and alleging actions from creepy flirting and gross DMs to physical violence and rape. The list — the original has since been taken offline, though screenshots of it, and a re-created version, are still circulating — had clear instructions. Add your piece anonymously, take everything with a grain of salt, do not name accusers, and don’t ever show the list to a man.
It’s just that prior to this week it didn’t exist in the form of an open-source spreadsheet viewable by anybody with the right link. Women — and some allies — always kept tabs. It was a mental list, well-tended-to and seemingly ever-growing. Hear about somebody sending unsolicited dick pics? Add them to the list. About somebody physically abusing their significant other? Add them, too. Sometimes the list would get cross-referenced, you’d learn the same guy who physically blocked you from leaving the bar after office happy hour and asked if he could go home with you and your partner and “watch” had also harassed another female colleague. And so the list grew and spread. The allegations on it no more or less the truth by word of mouth than they would have been on paper.
But gossip and rumor with shape and stability can be weaponized very easily, and as the document made the rounds, women raised concerns about the consequences of creating an anonymously sourced list of criminal accusations. Early Thursday morning, BuzzFeed published a piece entitled “What to Do With ‘Shitty Media Men’?” The piece didn’t really answer its own question, so much as confirm the list existed and wallow in the ambivalence that so many people felt about it. Was this spreadsheet an indispensable tool for protection? A necessary support group? A libelous weapon?
This list was, as it had been when it was the mental product of hushed conversations with other women, a guideline: Watch Out for These Men. But when it took on digital form, it became something else, too: a place where women felt safe to candidly share the things they so often can’t safely discuss in the real world. The women who were sharing and contributing seemed to be adding to it not only out of a crusading sense of justice, or a practical sense of protecting other women, but also out of relief that there was finally a place to share. The internet had given what was once decentralized gossip and rumor a shape and stable home.
There’s a reason Facebook retooled its mission statement this year to be about “the power to build community.” It’s what the internet has always been good at — bringing together groups of people and giving them a sense of belonging, a sense of security, and a sense of being a place where someone can speak openly.
And that’s not just a shitty-media-men list-specific problem. That’s an internet-wide problem. Once you build a community — a crowd-sourced list, a Facebook page — you also perfectly package it to be infiltrated, shipped off, and shared with outsiders. In this week’s case … shared in neatly organized columns and rows with red highlights to differentiate alleged rapists from alleged sleazebags. The same web-enabled power that allowed the list to grow as fast as it did, and spread as far as it did, would also be the same power that would undo it.
The problem was that in publicly confirming the list — it’s worth noting it was taken down prior to BuzzFeed’s story — the document immediately lost any possibility of being a place where women could freely discuss their trauma. In bringing it out to the wider world it became something else — something much more pointed, much more unwieldy, and in many ways the opposite of what it was intended to be.
This year was the first when mainstream media began openly talking about major tech companies are becoming the new monopolies. The New York Times Farhad Manjoo calls them the “Frightful Five”: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, and Alphabet (the umbrella company started by Google). We at Select All have certainly shared some of our own angst about the enormous power tech companies wield, from the pure size of Facebook, Google’s self-serving move to redefine internet ads, or Amazon’s long shadow over an amazing number of publicly traded companies. These companies, the media narrative goes, wield so much economic, social, and political power that they’re less like corporations and more like nation-states.
This shouldn’t be taken to say there’s nothing fundamentally wrong in the current tech landscape. Manjoo, Select All, and the average reader should have serious concerns about the pure size of new tech giants.
Polling firm YouGov has found much the same, with tech companies not only being viewed favorably, but being some of the most popular brands, period. Seven of the top-ten most popular brands, per YouGov, (and all but one of Manjoo’s “Frightful Five”) were tech brands:
The new digital monopolies largely don’t corner markets and then raise rates — despite Google and Facebook essentially controlling the entire online-ad market, the price of advertising has remained stable (and, to the dismay of publishers, even declined slightly). The writer Ben Thompson calls it Aggregation Theory:
Of course consumers view Google and Amazon and Facebook favorably. Google and Amazon and (evidently to a lesser degree) Facebook make their lives better! But that doesn’t mean that the pervasiveness of Google, Facebook, and Amazon can’t also be pernicious. When we use just a few companies for nearly all our digital (and, in Amazon’s case, physical) needs, we cede enormous amounts of control to businesses that don’t serve customers, but stockholders — and have essentially no competitors but themselves.
Old-school monopolies were companies that controlled distribution or markets mainly through physical means and used that jack-up profits — if you wanted to make a phone call, you had to use AT&T, if you wanted refined oil in the late 1800s, you had to buy from Standard Oil and Trust.
But historically, spaces like these, specifically spaces like these built for and by women, have not panned out well. “Binders Full of Women,” an invite-only Facebook group created for women, genderqueer, and nonbinary journalists following Mitt Romney’s 2012 presidential debate gaffe become a source of great debate several years back after its existence was made public in a Poynter article. More recently, Facebook’s “UES Mommas” melted down after arguments over racism were screenshotted and shared beyond the confines of the group. Walls around these internet spaces are like two-way mirrors. Those within the group can see out, but they’re protected because those outside the group can’t see in. But mirrors, obviously, are easy to crack, and once they are, it’s all but impossible to repair them.
And like that, the list stops being a community and returns to the form in which it’s always existed — the whispered warnings of a group kept on the margins of power.
On the off chance that you weren’t totally overwhelmed with the number of delivery-service apps already out there, Facebook has got you covered. Today, the company officially launched its newest feature, which will allow you to order food from local restaurants using the app.
Here’s how it works: If you open the Explore menu on Facebook, you’ll see a new section called “Order Food,” from there, you’ll be able to, well … order food. It’s pretty simple. Like every other delivery app out there, Facebook’s Order Food will allow you to browse a list of available restaurants near you and order either takeout or delivery from your favorite.
On Thursday, actress Rose McGowan broke what was widely presumed to have been a nondisclosure agreement and openly accused the disgraced movie producer Harvey Weinstein of rape. She did so, interestingly enough, in a thread of tweets directed at Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. “I love Amazon,” she tweeted at Bezos, “but there is rot in Hollywood.” It sounded, appropriately enough, like a warning. There certainly is rot in Hollywood. But, as Bezos is likely already acutely aware, there’s plenty of rot in Silicon Valley, too.
Harassment and assault have been a below-the-surface problem for Silicon Valley for decades. It’s only since this February, when ex-Uber engineer Susan Fowler published a scorched-earth blog post detailing her year at the company — which included being solicited by a manager and then being told by HR that he was a “high performer” and would not be punished — that they’ve started to publicly surface. And since they’ve reach the surface, Silicon Valley executives have struggled with how to handle them. Fowler’s post prompted an internal probe at Uber that would ultimately lead to an indefinite leave of absence for CEO Travis Kalanick.
So far, no stories out of the tech industry have approached the tales emerging of Weinstein’s horrifying, abusive predation. But that’s a good reason for the tech industry to keep Hollywood at arm’s length as it gets its own house in order. Silicon Valley’s struggles to account for its own problems and cultural blind spots aren’t going to be aided by becoming deeply entangled with an industry where an apparent predator like Weinstein was allegedly able to abuse women more or less as an open secret.
Following McGowan’s tweets to Bezos, the company put executive Roy Price on leave. Isa Hackett, a producer on The Man in the High Castle, says Price once told her that she’d “love his dick” while she was riding with him and another co-worker in a cab. She also says that he once shouted “anal sex” directly into her ear at a party. “Roy Price is on leave of absence effective immediately,” Amazon said in a statement. “We are reviewing our options for the projects we have with The Weinstein Co.” Price, notably, came to Amazon from the movie business. In the future, Bezos might want to heed Rose McGowan’s warning.
Rule No. 5 “Excuses”: Don’t make excuses about why you got roasted or roast on that person later behind their back. “That boy breath stink.” Also, don’t get mad and want to fight. Roasting is just a fun game, but also can be taken too far. “So don’t.”
But read in full, the new guidelines seem less like an effort to cling to anemically “neutral” journalism and more like an attempt to take preemptive action against bad-faith arguments trying to discredit the paper. A few of the guidelines literally address how to argue with critics online — don’t mute or block them unless they are threatening or abusive. In other words, don’t make it look like you’re against considering other perspectives. Overall, “be thoughtful” in responding to critics.
I can think of some legitimate objections to this line of thinking. The first and most obvious is that disingenuous trolls will be disingenuous about whatever you tweet, no matter how anemic and nonpartisan it is. The second is that Times reporters own their social-media presence, and their employer shouldn’t be allowed to regulate it. As for the latter, the simple truth is that reporters who work for the Times have strong social-media followings because of that professional tie; the Times may not own it outright, but the two are linked. As for the former, the only real solution is for a social-media policy that prevents journalists from tweeting entirely. Frankly, I’m not sure that wouldn’t be an improvement on even this newest edition of the Times’ rules.
There are a few different ways to improve your fire safety. You can keep a lot of expensive firefighting equipment around in case one starts. Or you can just not store a bunch of leaky propane tanks right next to an open flame. In March of this year, the Times’ public editor chastised a political reporter for making a dog-wordplay joke after prominent alt-right members like Mike Cernovich were able to spin the tweet into a minor controversy. The Daily Beast correctly characterized the incident as an “alt-right blindspot.” This is a real cultural problem for the paper. But at the same time, if editors and writers can lessen the chance of social-media fuck-ups, they can lessen the chance of damaging controversies, either real or artificially constructed. This approach would probably work better at places like the Times, whose newsroom lacks, by design, explicit policy stances.
The Pew study notes that these findings align with an earlier study from 2015, which found that women are more likely than men to be concerned about gender discrimination, regardless of industry. Good to know that the people — read: women — who suffer because of this divide are generally the ones aware and concerned with its existence. That Susan Fowler — the ex-Uber engineer whose tell-all blog post forced Silicon Valley to finally start addressing its issues — movie can’t come soon enough.
Twice this week, Twitter’s slavish and bumbling attempts to adhere to its own misguided rules pointlessly angered and alienated huge groups of users; twice this week, the social network was forced to embarrassingly reverse course on its decisions after the damage had already been done. At some point, it’s not going to have enough foot left to shoot itself in.
On Monday, Twitter refused to allow Tennessee senate candidate Marsha Blackburn to pay to promote a campaign ad that said she’d “fought Planned Parenthood” and “stopped the sale of baby body parts.” You might think that rejecting this obviously untrue ad was a bold stand against misleading campaign statements, but Twitter’s stated reason for rejecting it was that the ad was “inflammatory.” After outcry from Blackburn and her supporters, it allowed the promotion.
They’re not entirely wrong; Twitter does serve some quasi-public functions. But private companies that serve public functions are generally heavily regulated, or obligated to provide universal service under common-carrier laws, as telecommunications companies are. Twitter has none of those commitments; instead, it has its terms of service, behind which it hides the fact that it can more or less ban or suspend anyone whenever it wants to, for whatever reason it might choose. Twitter pretends it has rights-respecting rules because they make everyone feel a little bit better about a for-profit advertising company being a public arena. But of course, it’s only pretending. Complaining to Twitter that Trump is violating its rules is like complaining to a mall cop that the mall Santa is being loud, in direct contravention of article four of the mall’s rules of conduct.
Twitter has a bad habit of losing itself deep inside the rabbit hole of its own rules, and its attempts at unthinking, both-sides consistency tend to make them seem all the more weak and arbitrary. The platform is rife with stories from people who’ve been harassed or threatened in ways that would seem to specifically violate the terms of service, but whose reports fell on deaf ears. One woman was sent the same unsolicited dick pic three different times and received three different rulings from Twitter moderators. Most prominently, the president of the United States has recently and repeatedly threatened nuclear war against the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, a clear violation of Twitter’s ban on “violent threats.” This last one in particular has launched a sort of movement of people demanding that Twitter ban the president for violation of its rules.
Twitter is, of course, a for-profit company that gathers data about its users in order to sell advertising. But because of its history and the cultural leanings of its founders and employees, it likes to pretend that its platform is a kind of quasi-public body — the Town Square of the Internet — or even a sort of sovereign state. And because it pretends to be a government, people believe, understandably, that it also offers the same protections and rights as a government. Twitter talks often about the right to free speech — generally, in the context of why harassment is so difficult to police on the platform — so why wouldn’t people also expect the right to equal treatment under the law? I mean, uh, equal treatment under the terms of service.
Some of Twitter’s fumbling around these issues is just sheer incompetence. Some of it is an ambiguous Terms of Service. Some of it can be chalked up to outsourced moderation systems that over-ask of underpaid contractors. But the underlying issue is that Twitter is pretending to be something it isn’t, and the complaints about its inconsistency arise because of that ambiguity.
In other words, the solution to Twitter’s inability to consistently apply the rules is to give up the rules. Stop pretending that the Terms of Service have the same power as a body of law in a democratic state. Stop gesturing vaguely at the moderation system as an approximation of due process, or really anything besides a thrown-together effort to ensure the platform remains mostly safe for advertisers. Stop implying that users have any right to speech on the platform beyond that which the company extends them. Maybe most importantly, stop trying to strike a liberal-democratic balance between free-speech rights and freedom-from-harassment rights and pick the one that’s more important.
Would users leave? Maybe, some of them, but where would they go? There’s no public alternative in which the idea of speech or due-process rights might be meaningful. A new Twitter that acknowledged its own near-absolute power over its platform might sound unjust or unfair, but even if Twitter gave up all of its “free-speech wing of the free-speech party” rhetoric, nothing in practice would change. The power dynamic between Twitter and its users — and the rights each retained — would remain exactly the same. It’s just that the relationship would be much clearer. Twitter would no longer need to provide embarrassingly elaborate justifications for its decisions, and users wouldn’t need to waste their time filing contentious objections. Don’t want to promote Marsha Blackburn’s video? Just don’t! Need to delete one of Rose McGowan’s tweets? Go for it! Want to keep the president on your service even as he sends the country to the brink of nuclear war? You don’t need anyone’s permission, Twitter! You own your website!
Then, on late Wednesday night, without explanation, Twitter locked down the account of actress Rose McGowan, who’d become a folk hero on the site for her passionate and righteous criticism of Harvey Weinstein. Twelve hours later, it clarified that the reason it had suspended McGowan from tweeting was that one of her tweets “included a private phone number” — a violation of Twitter’s terms of service. McGowan may have been tweeting on the side of justice, but rules are rules, and they have to be enforced. Sometimes, at least. Soon after Twitter’s explanation was published, multiple people reported that they’d had their private phone numbers published on Twitter in the last year, and that the service hadn’t suspended the offending accounts.
The point here isn’t to say that Twitter is doing a good job, or that people objecting to its inconsistencies are wrong. It’s to say that Twitter’s problems go deeper than an inefficient or broken moderation system. Twitter keeps getting into trouble because it pretends to be one thing when it is in fact another thing. It should just stop.
It’s been a long week. Want to laugh? Of course you do. Here’s a video that will make you laugh.
That is not it. That looks like a house cat.
The other day, over drinks, a friend of mine asked me what my favorite piece of technology was. I tried to suppress a groan. Not because it’s a bad question. Not because it’s stupid or beneath me. I groaned because my answer is so unequivocally uncool that I’m embarrassed to say it out loud. My favorite piece of technology is my Apple Watch.
Earlier this year, on a whim, I bought an Apple Watch Series 1, a slightly beefed-up version of the first watch Apple ever put out. It was my first-ever smartwatch, and from the get-go I was in love. I’ve always hated how much time I spend clutching my phone. Between work, friends, family, and everything else in my life, I’m constantly bombarded with messages — some of which require an immediate response, but most of which don’t. And the issue is that figuring that out requires me to fish my phone out from the depths of my purse and check my notifications every five minutes, which was frankly the bane of my Über-privileged First World existence.
However, with an Apple Watch on my wrist, I was suddenly allowed the luxury of forgetting which pocket my phone was in, and it was glorious. It connected via Bluetooth to my phone and could field calls, manage notifications, control music, and give me the weather — all without requiring much more than a simple raise of the wrist. I was hooked. And I think you should be, too.
As paradoxical as it sounds, a smartwatch is actually a really fantastic tool for disconnecting yourself from things. Yes, you are physically joined at the wrist to the digital world, but the immediacy of it all is fantastically freeing. In the pre-Watch era, I’d usually try to delay checking my phone when at work for as long as possible, because seeing those 15-plus text messages, countless emails, and god knows what else would launch me immediately into Response Mode, which could eat up hours of my time. But now, anytime someone tries to reach me, the message appears for a brief second on my wrist, I make a snap judgement about whether or not it warrants an immediate response, and continue about my day.
I had originally thought that being this physically attuned to things (the Watch actually taps you on the wrist when certain notifications come in) would wreck my productivity, but it’s honestly done the opposite. It’s helped me realize how very few messages I receive require my immediate attention, and that’s pretty goddamned glorious. The few times I do respond right away, I do so using the Apple Watch’s unique messaging system, which only allows you to respond using either emoji, a variety of set phrases (which Siri chooses based on your speech habits), or voice-to-text dictation. I love this because it’s quick, easy, and means I can respond without opening my phone and the Pandora’s box worth of distractions it contains.
But sometimes you want distractions. I really enjoy that I can peruse the morning news on a packed subway car without having to elbow someone out of the way to get my phone out; I just look at my wrist. Or if I’m at some presentation and bored out of my mind, but don’t want to be Scrolling-Through-My-Phone-level rude, I can just tilt my watch ever so slightly toward myself and look at Twitter without seeming like a complete jackass.
There are also just countless awesome little cool things you can do with an Apple Watch, like pay for your coffee with just a wave of your wrist using Apple Pay (which frankly never stops feeling like magic), unlock your MacBook with just your presence, remotely control your iPhone’s camera so you can get that perfect group pic, set a series of silent alarms that’ll buzz you awake without bothering your partner, and so much more. I haven’t mentioned any of its various fitness uses here, because I think that smartwatches all too often get boxed into the Fitbit category, and I think the Apple Watch is so, so much more than that. (I also don’t work out nearly enough to give a comprehensive review of that.)
There are two different types of Apple Watches available at the moment: the Series 1 (the most basic model) and the Series 3 (the much fancier model). You can pick from two sizes — 38 mm or 42 mm — and a variety of band and material or color choices. There’s a lot of variety in between the different editions and sizes, so here’s a quick explainer to better choose which one is right for you:
Series 1 (Starting at $249)Pros: It’s a great smartwatch with all the basic features covered above, plus an awesome 18-plus hours of battery life.Cons: It isn’t waterproof and it only works in range of your phone.Who should get it? If you’ve always wanted a smartwatch, and don’t feel like blowing $400 on the newest Apple Watch, the Series 1 is for you. The Series 1 is a great smartwatch for someone who isn’t going to be away from their phone for long periods of time, or someone who isn’t a heavy swimmer or runner. Like all Apple Watches, the Series 1 is great for fitness, with a variety of different workout modes programmed in, that’ll customize themselves to fit your personal routine. It also has a great battery life, connects easily and quickly with your iPhone and other Apple devices, has Siri, and just generally will make you feel like you’re living in the future. The Series 1 was the first smartwatch I ever used, and I totally loved it.
Pros: It can do everything the S1 can, but faster, plus it works underwater (or in the shower!) and can work without your phone using cellular.Cons: Using it sans phone all the time drains the battery pretty quickly, that LTE service costs $10 a month, and it’s just generally more expensive than the S1.
Which size should I get?Technically, the 38 mm is for smaller wrists (a.k.a. ladies’) and the 42 mm for beefier ones, but I personally have wrists small for most regular watches, and I prefer the 42 mm. It has a bigger and more square-shaped screen, which makes things easier to read, and looks better on most people’s wrists, in my opinion. It also has a marginally larger battery, which is nice.
What about bands?Unless you have cash to burn, you should get the cheapest option available at the Apple Store (generally the sports band, which is actually pretty cute), and then go on Amazon and buy third-party bands to your heart’s content at one-tenth the price. You can thank me later.
Towns, the first overall pick of the 2015 NBA draft, is one of the most promising players in the NBA. He represents the evolution of basketball — a player with such a broad skill set he could theoretically play any position. During the 2015 NBA All-Star Weekend, Towns entered the Skills Competition, a timed shooting, passing, and ball-handling obstacle course originally conceived for point guards, who are generally the smallest players on the court. Towns took first place — all seven feet and 244 pounds of him.
“I think that your reaction speed when playing video games, especially at a competitive level, has a true correlation to hand-eye coordination,” Towns said. “The ability to recognize the situation, assess the situation, and react to it in the right way, especially in a game like Call of Duty or these first-person shooters, definitely helps.”
There’s some science to back this up. Studies have been conducted suggesting that action video games like Call of Duty can have a positive effect on sensorimotor skills, emphasizing an ability to learn and remember patterns players will be faced with again. Some have concluded that certain video games better prepare players for the cognitive skills used to drive or even perform laparoscopic surgery.
While motor skills are an essential part of sports, limited research has been done correlating video games and athletic prowess. One obstacle is that there are so many variables that could account for the skills needed in different kinds of sports, it’s nearly impossible to draw a direct correlation to something like video games.
Shawn Green, an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, believes that games like Call of Duty develop retained skills specifically because they are fun. Games created with the sole intent to improve cognition are what he referred to at a panel at the University of California, San Francisco, as “chocolate-covered broccoli.” The level of genuine engagement in the game correlates with how likely the player is to retain the skills necessary to play it.
The cognitive skills to help Towns on the court are present in a chaotic game like Call of Duty, according to Green, but, in those moments, they are accessed by his investment in Call of Duty, not by his investment in basketball. Our brains, Green said, have the ability to remember every face we’ve ever come across, but they are selective with how they use their energy. Call of Duty incentivizes the brain to use its energy by providing rewarding sensory stimulus. “If something is linked with reward, [the brain] knows it’s worth changing,” Green said.
Elite athletes have been trying to figure that out, sometimes to an elaborate, if not ridiculous, extent. Brandon Payne, the trainer for two-time NBA MVP Steph Curry, makes Curry wear strobe goggles projecting different colors in unpredictable patterns while he shoots three-pointers; the practice is a sensory overload that frustrates Curry and forces him to make quick decisions. The goal is neuro-cognitive efficiency. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady contacted “brain fitness” software company BrainHQ in order to gain a mental edge on the field.
Dan Peterson is an “athlete cognition coach” and co-wrote The Playmaker’s Advantage: How to Raise Your Mental Game to the Next Level. He explained what’s called the “athlete cognition cycle”: This consists of an athlete’s visual perception, decision-making, and motor skills, all of which are required to process and act upon numerous things happening on the court or field. Sharpening those skills, according to Peterson, creates an undeniable advantage between two similarly athletic players.
Peterson made it clear that, above all else, playing a sport is the best way to improve at that sport, but also noted, “since athletes can’t play their sport for 12 hours a day, due to fatigue and breakdown, what are some other ways off the field that you could exercise your cognitive skills?”
Sneed looks at Towns’s enjoyment of video games and offers a much simpler, less scientific possibility. “Another side of this is, look, if guys think it’s helping them, then it’s helping them,” Sneed told me. Sneed believes that taking care of one’s mental state has an irrefutable effect on athletics. He says every athlete could benefit from talking to a psychologist regularly. Even if video games are just helping Towns “chill out,” that might be more valuable than one might assume.
Maybe the best indication of the relationship between real athleticism and video-game athleticism is that Towns is far from the only athlete to make the connection. Oklahoma University quarterback Baker Mayfield, currently a leading candidate to win the Heisman trophy, is obsessed with Halo, a similar game to Call of Duty. Mayfield equates the balance of information required to navigate the game while being shot at by opponents to his receivers running routes.
“Being able to look at my receivers, which would be my guy on the screen, and then feel other guys moving around, which would be the radar in the bottom left corner,” Mayfield said told SoonerSports. “You have to be able to see things out of the corner of your eye.”
New Orleans Saints running back and former Heisman winner Mark Ingram compared gaming to football on the Achievement Oriented podcast, claiming that to play Call of Duty, “All your fingers and your thoughts have to be moving together. Even on the [football] field you always have to be aware. If you hesitate for a second you’ll probably get knocked out.”
Whether Towns’s reaction time on the basketball court has anything to do with his reaction time with a controller in his hand is hard to measure. But try to beat Towns in either and you’re unlikely to stand much of a chance. “It will definitely teach you to go with your instinct,” Towns told me.“Because instinct is definitely something you need to trust when you’re on the battlefield.”
If you still have a mom’s-basement sense of what a gamer looks it, it might be surprising to learn that a supreme athlete like Towns is an avid gamer. But I spoke to Towns after he finished playing the beta for Call of Duty: World War II a few months before its November release (Towns has been playing the war-themed shooting franchise since its first edition, in 2003, when he was 7) and he told me he credits the game with developing his on-court skills.
The journalist Brandon Sneed, who researched and reported about these mental-training strategies in his book Head in the Game: The Mental Engineering of the World’s Greatest Athletes, writes that while there is some science behind BrainHQ’s cognitive benefits, he himself is still skeptical that the software would affect a person’s performance in something as specific as football or basketball.
For all the justifiable worry about North Korea’s nuclear arsenal, the country is already deploying a powerful weapon to defend its reputation, and make a few (hundred million) bucks on the side: its hackers. A new report in today’s New York Times lays out the many ways in which North Korea has built its cyberwarfare operation into an arguably greater existential threat than its nuclear weapons. The use of skilled hackers to disrupt international relations is lost-cost and high-yield, especially since the country is already under heavy economic sanctions; many of the North Korea–linked attacks originate outside of the country, primarily from China and India, reducing the need for the North Korean government to build out its own internet infrastructure.
So, while you’re waiting for the nuclear apocalypse to cleanse this earth in fire and ash, maybe North Korea is getting ready to rob you of all of your assets instead. Fun!
Experts believe that North Korea derives more than $1 billion a year from its attacks. That includes this past summer’s WannaCry ransomware attacks, which crippled thousands of computers around the world, forcing users to pay up in order to decrypt their hard drives. Among the prominent victims of the attack was Britain’s health service. They also target banks in hacks that are more smash-and-grab, making fraudulent withdrawal requests. The hackers are also particularly interested in anonymized cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Monero.
Other than financial gain, the primary point of North Korean attacks is to protect the integrity of the country’s leader, Kim Jong-un. The most well-known of these attacks was the December 2014 hack of Sony Pictures, motivated by The Interview, a film in which Seth Rogen and James Franco kill Kim (Jong-un’s father, Kim Jong-il, was particularly obsessed with film as a form of propaganda and placed heavy emphasis on the form’s power). The hackers disabled 70 percent of computers at the company. Sony was not in a position to launch a retaliatory cyberattack against a sovereign state.
On Friday, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey announced that new rules were in the works that would prohibit “unwanted sexual advances, non-consensual nudity, hate symbols, violent groups, and tweets that glorifies violence” from being shared on Twitter. The move followed the success of the #WomenBoycottTwitter protest, which arose after actress Rose McGowan’s account was suspended late Thursday evening.
The surprisingly specific nature of Dorsey’s announcement seemed to suggest that a crackdown on some of Twitter’s most infamous members (read: actual Nazis) may be imminent. But given Twitter’s extremely shaky track record when it comes to doing basically anything that would infringe upon the rights of literal swastika-waving Nazis, Dorsey’s claim that “these changes will start rolling out in the next few weeks” is likely no more than lip service to outraged users.
The newly discovered vulnerability, known as the KRACK attack, concerns the WPA2 protocol that most routers use to encrypt connections between client devices — your laptop, phone, etc. — and the router. KRACK is short for “Key Reinstallation Attack” and exploits a four-way “handshake” that happens when a device connects to a network (and for those of you paying close attention, yes, “KRACK attack” is redundant, like “ATM machine”).
In an Internet of Things world in which everything from your phone to your toilet is communicating with your home router, it’s a good idea to maintain a healthy level of paranoia: If the device you’re using has Wi-Fi capabilities in it, it’s vulnerable to attack, even if it’s password-protected. It won’t be too long before your paranoia is validated — as it was today, when news of a Wi-Fi vulnerability was published. The bad news is that the vulnerability is in the very mechanism that’s supposed to keep connections secure. The good news — good being a relative term here — is that you should be able to protect yourself by upgrading all your devices.
If you’re interested in watching a technical video and nodding silently and saying, “Ah, I totally understand this” to yourself, you can see a narrated demo below.
As KRACK discoverer Mathy Vanhoef notes, “[t]he attack works against all modern protected Wi-Fi networks,” and all sorts of devices are susceptible to the attack. In simple terms, the attack tricks devices into reusing encryption keys that should only be used once, allowing traffic between the client and the router to be intercepted and, potentially, analyzed. In addition to being protected by WPA2, web traffic can often be protected by HTTPS as well — the flaws of the former do not necessarily also compromise the latter.
As for what else to do? Just make sure that all of your devices have the most up-to-date operating system. Anything running Linux and Android 6.0 are supposedly the most vulnerable types of devices. The bug was disclosed to vendors earlier this summer, and large companies like Microsoft say that they already have a fix in place. On the flip side, there are millions of other devices that will never be upgraded but will remain in use, a ticking time bomb as we count down to oblivion.
While we wait to find out, you can actually take matters into your own hands and use this little-known feature to punch Nazis off of your timeline all by yourself.
First, open Twitter on a desktop and navigate to Settings. Under the Content header, you’ll see options to choose your country. Pick Germany (or France, if that’s your thing), and like magic, those Nazi accounts will vanish.
The gag here involves the person in question buying an on-demand Snapchat filter reading, “TURN THE TV DOWN YOU SHIT,” placing it over their shared area, and then telling their sister to check the app. Et voilà, ya burnt. In theory, at least.
As first pointed out by blogger Kevin Marks, this feature works because the sharing of Nazi imagery is illegal in both Germany and France, so Twitter is required to filter certain problem accounts or posters out. Changing your country won’t turn your Twitter feed German, nor will it affect your local Trending Topics, all it will do is kick the most egregious of Nazis off of your timeline.
Sadly, the tweet is almost certainly staged: Snapchat has pretty strict guidelines about words it will and will not approve in its custom filters. If your filter design includes anything on the blacklist — take this from a woman who once submitted a filter reading “#JuliaLovesWieners” for a very innocent hot-dog-themed birthday party and was promptly rejected — Snapchat won’t set your filter live and will tell you to try again.
So go forth and block en masse! You can even pretend for a moment that you live in a country that actually prohibits outright Nazism, I won’t tell.
Need to get a message through to a teenager who’s ignoring your texts? Try a Snapchat filter, like so:
Still, there’s no reason, with the proper verbiage, this gimmick couldn’t work. If you try it — here’s our instructional guide on creating a filter on your phone — please let us know.
Pete Souza left his post as official White House photographer alongside his former boss, Barack Obama, earlier this year — but Donald Trump keeps giving him reasons to dig photos of Obama and his colleagues out of the archives.
During a press briefing earlier on Monday, Trump claimed that Obama did not call the families of fallen soldiers as president. “The traditional way, if you look at President Obama and other presidents … most of them didn’t make calls,” Trump said during the briefing. “A lot of them didn’t make calls.”
Souza also noted in the caption that he photographed many, many meetings like this one during his time at the White House. Several members of the Obama administration have also since spoken out, confirming that the previous president did, in fact, make calls.
Trump’s claim is, of course, false. “Obama and other presidents” most certainly made calls. On Instagram, Souza posted a photo of the Obamas meeting with the parents of a fallen Army sergeant.
Once upon a time, in a kingdom known as Silicon Valley, there was an anonymous gossip app called tbh – short for “to be honest.” “It’s cool,” proclaimed the kingdom’s teenage town crier. “Finally, an anonymous app that’s devoted to saying nice things to each other, rather than vicious bullying.” Teens liked it. Parents liked it. TBH was good.
This has been your update in Pete Souza Instagram shade. If you’re unfamiliar with said shade genre, please start here, with Souza’s farewell post on Inauguration Day. Then move forward to all the times Souza came for Trump in his first 100 days. And finally, this very good one about that time it looked like Melania Trump didn’t want to hold her husband’s hand.
But today, TBH announced that it has been acquired by … Facebook. It’s not terribly surprising. TBH’s rise to the top of the free app chart this summer was swift and the app has has remained up there for weeks alongside apps like Facebook, Messenger, Instagram, and Snapchat. (Notably, Facebook owns all but one of those apps. And it’s not for lack of trying that it doesn’t own all four.) Today, the app has 4 million daily active users. “My inbox is the who’s-who of Silicon Valley investors,” a TBH founder told Select All back in September. “We’re getting approached by tons of companies who are interested in partnering with us or acquiring us.” Now we know the “who’s who” included Mark Zuckerberg. And TBH took the bait.
Acquiring TBH helps Facebook move into a space where it has historically struggled. While apps like Instagram — with the introduction of Instagram Stories — have taken off with users of all ages, Facebook hasn’t yet quite been able to crack the teen market. This summer, the company pulled Lifestage, a social-media platform geared exclusively toward teens, from the App Store because, well, nobody was using it. TBH already has teenage attention. Lots of it. Which is good news for Facebook, which is likely hoping an infusion of Facebook resources and features will only grow that attention. Assuming the teens don’t move on to something else before it gets the chance to do that, as teens are wont to do.
If your main use for a phone is taking photos of anything and everything, the Pixel 2 is the phone for you. It has a single-lens camera that, through a combination of smart software, a great lens, and dark magic, allows you to take off-the-cuff snapshots that still turn out great. But if you’ve bought a premium phone in the last 18 months, I’m not sure the Pixel 2 offers enough to justify the jump — particularly if you’re eyeing those iPhone Xs that are sure to be sold out for months and months. And even if you’re thinking about upgrading, there may be another Pixel you should think about.
The camera is Google’s great leap forward, and unlike the dual-lens competition, it only has one lens. The secret is a dual-pixel sensor. Every pixel captured by the phone’s camera sensor is actually captured by a left and a right sensor, splitting them in two.
There’s also a new “squeeze” function: If you press in on both sides of the phone, you’ll automatically bring up your Google Assistant. How useful you’ll find this feature depends greatly on how useful you find Google Assistant. The digital AI is already leaps and bounds smarter and more capable than it was a year ago when it debuted, and the ability to type questions instead of speaking them makes using it in public or in an open office much less embarrassing. But the squeeze functionality, when done right, is a quick gesture that makes sense when you’re holding the phone, so it’s a shame the Pixel 2 binds it only to the Google Assistant. And the thing I most often want to do quickly when I’m holding my phone is take a picture. Which brings us to the Pixel 2’s biggest selling point: It can take really, really nice photos.
I tested out portrait mode using, from top to bottom, the Pixel 2 XL, an iPhone 8 Plus, and a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (the latter two are dual-lens cameras).
As a point-and-shoot camera, the Pixel 2 was equally impressive. I took it out on a cloudy weekend day and came away impressed with its ability to take great shots with very little setup. Again, I tested a Pixel 2 XL, an iPhone 8 Plus, and a Samsung Galaxy Note 8. You’ll see the Pixel 2 has a completely different tone than the iPhone or Note 8 — you can see some actual gradation in the clouds, and the leaves and berries on the trees have more dynamic range in color. I likely could have gotten better shots with the iPhone and Note 8 by spending some time in settings, but these were all taken cold — the camera app opened up, the tree lined up, and a picture snapped. To my eye, the Pixel 2 took the best pictures.
All three were able to apply blur as objects got farther away while keeping the edges of the foregrounded apples in focus, but the Pixel 2 required the least amount of fuss — both the iPhone 8 and the Note 8 required me to reposition myself repeatedly before its portrait mode would kick in. And the Note 8 in particular had visible masking problems around the upper edge of the apples, its software struggling to determine where foreground object ended and background blur began.
I also tried out all three phones in low-light situations, shooting pictures about 45 minutes after sunset, which is where the Pixel 2 truly stood out. Low-light shooting is difficult for any camera, and the Pixel’s optical and software stabilization helped capture as much of the picture as possible. It was able to capture more detail with less grain than either the iPhone 8 or Samsung Note 8. Again, from left to right is the Pixel 2 XL, an iPhone 8 Plus, and a Samsung Galaxy Note 8.
Finally, because the Pixel 2’s software is smart enough to recognize faces, its single-lens front-facing 8 MP camera can shoot in portrait mode. Which means you can suddenly take selfies with that bokeh effect. I don’t take many selfies, but I could understand how this feature alone could be a selling point for many.
Last year, Google put out the best smartphone camera on the market. With the Pixel 2, it’s done even better. It’s the Pixel 2’s true standout feature, and if you really care about getting great photos with your phone, the Pixel 2’s camera deserves a spot in your pocket. (If you want even more detail on the camera’s qualities, written by people who know a lot more about photography than I do, you can read a review at DXoMark, which gave the phone’s camera a nearly perfect rating.)
Combined with some software tricks, this allows the Pixel 2’s single lens to get a sense of how close and far away objects are. It also means that with a single lens, the Pixel 2 can combine hardware and software to create the “portrait mode” effect that the iPhone 7 Plus debuted and the Samsung Note 8 showed off, taking a subject in the foreground and keeping it in focus while blurring the background. It’s known as bokeh, and you recognize it as soon as you see it — to the average person, it just scans as “fancy.”
The Pixel 2 is the most high-profile Android phone to hit the market without a 3.5 mm headphone jack. The Pixel 2 comes with a USB-C-to-3.5 mm dongle, but dongles are annoying and easy to lose. If you’re planning on getting a Pixel 2, you’re going to want a pair of wireless headphones, period.
But the basic problems of Bluetooth wireless headphones remain. I found the headphones dropping signal when I walked around outside in New York City, where other radio signals, lack of nearby surfaces to bounce Bluetooth radio signals off, and the difficulty of sending Bluetooth radio waves from the phone, through the water inside my own own body, and up to the headphone on my head all present challenges. The Pixel 2 supports Bluetooth 5.0, which will ostensibly solve some of these problems, but there aren’t really headphones available that support Bluetooth 5.0.
But the premium market is going wireless — I’d bet my next paycheck Samsung’s Galaxy phones drop the audio jack in 2018 — so if you want a top-end phone, you’re going to have to give up the 3.5 mm jack eventually. Bottom line: The audio jack is likely going away on many, if not most, phones, the same way most computers lost CD/DVD drives. The 3.5 mm jack takes up valuable space inside a phone and makes it harder to make phones water- and dust-proof. But there are real problems with the Bluetooth standard, both on the software side and as a pure physics problem. Plus, making my headphones yet another thing I need to remember to plug in and charge at night is a pain — especially when I’m stuck on a subway with uncharged wireless headphones, no dongle, and a guy doing an off-key cover of “Hallelujah” in the middle of the train car.
The Pixel 2 now features an always-on screen you can enable; it’ll drain the battery ever so slightly, but your phone will display the time, date, and notifications for new emails, texts, or other updates. It also has a feature you can turn on called Now Playing, which can display the title and artist of music that’s playing wherever you are (think of it like an always-on Shazam), from a library of about 20,000 songs stored locally on your phone. It’s a neat-enough feature, but it’s a small library — it’ll recognize the Beatles, not so much Blood Orange — and it takes about 50 seconds for Now Playing to recognize a song.
The Pixel 2 tries to reduce some of the wireless pairing by using “fast pair,” which means a pop-up will appear onscreen when you turn on headphones or speakers built to work with the Pixel. So far, the two brands Google mention are Libratone and AiAiAi — not exactly common brands — but more companies may join the pack. Google sent along a pair of Libratone headphones for testing, and they did indeed sync up with a simple single tap on the Pixel 2, and reconnected quickly when I turned them back on around the Pixel 2.
The Pixel 2 XL has a more modern look, with slimmer top and bottom bezels, making for a taller, slimmer screen. This is great for scrolling Twitter or Facebook, but runs into some issues with other apps that haven’t adapted to the new screen size. What’s more, the XL’s screen has a size ratio of 18:9. Since the vast majority of modern TV and movies are shot in 16:9, this means that if you watch anything on your XL, you either have black bars on either side, or you slice off the top and bottom of whatever you’re watching. (The smaller Pixel 2 has a 16:9 ratio screen.) In effect, if want you watch something without cutting off the top and bottom, the size difference between the XL and the regular-sized Pixel 2 image is negligible. If you’ve got smaller hands or just want to save $200, the Pixel 2 non-XL is a better fit. I didn’t have trouble handling the XL, but still found myself enjoying holding (and stuffing into my pocket) the regular-sized Pixel more.
I tested out both the 5.7-inch Pixel 2 and the 6.2-inch Pixel 2 XL. I’m generally a fan of large screens — if you spend a lot of time looking at your phone, you may as well have as much to look at as possible — but unlike the iPhone, where the Plus model also has a better camera, there’s really no difference between the two models’ specs besides size and price: The Pixel 2 starts at $649, while the Pixel XL starts at $849. (Both double up storage from 64 GB to 128 GB for an extra $100, but you don’t really need the space. Google automatically backs up photos and video taken on the Pixel into the cloud, making storage space a non-issue unless you’re an offline movie or podcast hoarder.)
But hear me out: If you really want a premium phone with no bloatware, the latest version of Android, and a great camera, I’ve got a great one for you: It’s called the Pixel. Google released it last year. That Pixel had a few problems — its Gorilla Glass 4 was prone to cracking, as I can attest from personal experience (always, always buy a case for your phone). You can’t squeeze it and get to your Google Assistant. You won’t be able to shoot in portrait mode (or take selfies with cool blurry backgrounds). But it has a headphone jack and still runs like a champ on every app I can throw at it. What’s more, while I was out shooting photos with the Pixel 2, iPhone 8, and Samsung Galaxy Note 8, I also snapped a few with the year-old Pixel. Here’s the Halloween lights outside my house. The original Pixel is on the left, the Pixel 2 is on the right.
The original Pixel picture is slightly lossier, with a bit more grain visible in the sky as the sensors strain to capture as much light as possible. But it’s still a beautiful low-light night shot.
(And, for what it’s worth, both models of the Pixel 2 sport pretty decent internal speakers, with acceptable bass and stereo sound. It’s not anything you’d want to play at a party, but it’s fine for background music while working by yourself, or for speakerphone calls.)
The Pixel 2 isn’t even on sale yet, and I’m already seeing certified refurbished and unlocked Pixel XLs for $470. That price is likely to go down in the near future. What’s more, Google recently bought out the engineering team at HTC that is believed to have been behind the original Pixel and some of the Pixel 2. If you’re okay with being a year behind (and, really, at this point in the smartphone’s evolution, phones tend to break physically before they become obsolete due to processors or software), there may be an even better Pixel coming down the line in 2018 or 2019 — and you may be happiest saving a few dollars, grabbing last year’s model, and snapping away.
If you love taking great photos, have wireless headphones you love, and are due for an upgrade, the Pixel 2 sports the sharpest camera I’ve used — you’ll get the best shots for the least amount of work. You’ll also be getting a clean install of Android 8.0 and Google Assistant, the most helpful phone assistant available (which is still not that helpful, but that’s a whole different article). You won’t get a phone as flashy as the Samsung Galaxy S8 or the upcoming iPhone X, but you’re likely throwing all these phones in cases regardless.
It’s a pretty self-evident fact that cell-phone use makes you a crappy driver. But the consequences of that crappy driving are still murky: According to a recent report by Bloomberg, what we think we know about our cell-phone usage behind the wheel is wildly inaccurate, and that’s a serious problem.
The article cites a study of 3 million people by the nonprofit National Safety Council, which found that the average driver uses their phone during 88 percent of trips, yet the NHTSA reported that only 448 phone-related accidents occurred in all of 2015. This isn’t a miracle. People haven’t suddenly become experts at texting and driving. This is a prime example of how routine data collection can go awry and have serious real-world consequences.
The FCC, in the midst of gutting much of the open-internet regulation (also known as “net neutrality”) that stopped telecoms from some of the most egregious forms of price-gouging and engaging in monopolistic behavior, was supposed to allow for comment from the public via its Electronic Comment Filing System. But after HBO comedian John Oliver aired a segment about it, the strangest thing happened: The FCC got hacked!
The FCC released a statement in May, claiming it was hit with a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack, meaning that thousands of comments, whether pro– or anti–net neutrality, were lost to the ether. It’s also resisted requests to disclose more information about the attack, leading one group, Fight for the Future, to claim that the FCC had faked a “DDoS attack to cover up the fact that they lost comments from net neutrality supporters.” Two Democratic senators asked for an investigation into the matter in August, and Ars Technica is now reporting that the Government Accountability Office (GAO) will undertake that inquiry.
However, open-internet proponents probably shouldn’t start popping Champagne quite yet. It’s not clear when the GAO investigation would actually begin, or when it would wrap up. The proposed changes by FCC chairman Ajit Pai, rolling back the 2015 FCC Open Internet Order, could likely have already happened by the time the GAO delivers its findings.
Google today announced a new set of measures called “Advanced Protection,” meant to lock down users’ accounts extremely tightly against would-be intruders on Gmail, Google Drive, YouTube, or any other Google-owned service.
It’s a feature meant for high-profile targets who may already face attacks, like journalists, high-placed government and military officials, or the extremely wealthy, and comes in the wake of several breaches of Gmail services in the recent past.
It will require users to buy both a USB key and Bluetooth dongle, both usually costing around $20 or $25, and will no doubt lead to someone with a lot of responsibility, power, or money (or all three) getting locked out of their email for a nontrivial amount of time. But the added security may be worth it. The two-factor authentication that many of us rely on to keep our accounts safe is too vulnerable to savvy attackers, particularly the state-sponsored hacking teams that have been popping up in recent years.
This system likely would have prevented the spear-phishing attack against John Podesta that leaked thousands of DNC emails last summer, because even after Podesta gave up his username and password, the attackers still wouldn’t have had Podesta’s physical USB key to log in to his email account.
The mode will also prevent third-party apps from hooking into Gmail or Google Drive, and offer a much more stringent scan for malware than normally provided, including preventing the download of attachments for 60 seconds while every incoming file is scanned.
As the Center for Democracy and Technology’s Lorenzo Hall says to Wired, “If John Podesta had been able to turn this on sometime last year, the world might be a very different place.”
The “Advanced Protection” hinges on two basic ideas. One is that the user will need to have a physical way of IDing themselves to their devices at all times. On computers, this means a USB thumb drive; for phones, this means a Bluetooth dongle. The other is that if you forget your password or log-in information, Google will, per Wired, put you through “an account recovery process […] far more stringent and labor-intensive than the one used for normal users when they click ‘forgot password?’” This includes a cooling-off period while users provide other forms of identification.
Today, ZTE announced its newest smartphone, the Axon M, and boy is it fancy. It has not one, but two screens, and it’s foldable. (Take that, Apple.) This is pretty big news in a market where one screen has been the norm for basically all of time, barring only failed experiments like the Kyocera Echo. Unlike its aborted predecessors, though, ZTE’s attempt at breaking the single-screen monopoly looks as if it could actually be successful: The Axon M is a powerful smartphone, and the two screens are connected by a hinge, which makes it basically a flip phone.
Cooler-than-thou gadget geeks, not to mention most normal consumers, scoff at the Apple Watch because it’s one of those dorky, in-your-face pieces of tech that practically screams Hey! Look at me! I buy Apple products! to everyone you pass by. Its functions are unclear: Is it supposed to replace your phone? Just add on to it? What do I do with it? Even the thoroughly tech-obsessed tend to dismiss or disregard the Apple Watch; generally, each new edition gets middling reviews from critics who object to its short battery life, its patchy connections, and its questionable utility.
But I’m here to tell you: The Apple Watch is absolutely wonderful.
There is a cow on the loose in Brooklyn. Somewhere near Prospect Park. I don’t really know what else to tell you other than that. There’s a bull. It’s loose. Authorities are now trying to capture it.
It’s been some time since we’ve had a good old-fashioned animal chase here on the World Wide Web. The great llama chase of 2015 was in, well, 2015. And we haven’t had a good “bear in swimming pool” sighting since June 2016. So please enjoy this livestream, which is, admittedly, not as good as previous animal chases we’ve collectively enjoyed via Twitter. But hey, beggars can’t be choosers. We’ll be updating this story until the bull is captured.
Editor’s note: The bull itself is not, to our knowledge, mad. The chase for the bull, however, could be characterized as such.
While we wait for that inevitability, here are some good bull tweets to pass the time.
A second screen fundamentally changes the smartphone experience. The Axon M has four different “modes,” which depend on exactly how you want to interact with the two screens. Dual Mode is by far the most interesting, as it unlinks the two displays, opening up the potential for multitasking like you would on a multi-monitor desktop. You can watch your favorite episode of Game of Thrones on one screen, while live-tweeting from the other, or check out your calendar on one screen before RSVP’ing to that party your friend invited you to with the second.
The other modes reflect some of the new possibilities unlocked by adding a second screen. Extended Mode uses both screens to create one (more or less) seamless 6.75 HD display, which is cool for watching movies, or viewing certain features like you would on a laptop. Mirror Mode, well, mirrors the content onto both screens, which is helpful when trying to show a video to friends, or when playing multiplayer games.
And last but not least, there’s Traditional Mode, which is what happens when you fold the Axon M up and use it like a regular (single-screened) smartphone. Surprisingly enough, the Axon M isn’t actually all that bulky when folded. It felt fine in my “too small to properly grab the iPhone 8 Plus” hand, about as thick as an iPhone and a half.
As of right now, the Axon M is available exclusively through AT&T, where — according to the rather vague details on the company’s website — customers will be able to purchase it starting next month for $24.17 a month for 30 months via AT&T Next.
Update, October 17, 2017, at 1:06 p.m.: It appears the bull has finally been cornered by the authorities. Thus ends the Brooklyn bull chase of 2017.
This article has been updated to clarify how the front-facing camera of the Pixel 2 works.
At the height of his fame in 2016, Issa Tweimeh had, by any modern-day adolescent’s accounting, a dream life. He could hardly walk outside his house without being accosted by fans who knew him as “Twaimz,” the pseudonym under which he posted funny videos and kitschy songs to the internet. Over the two years that he’d been creating videos, Tweimeh had racked up more than 2 million subscribers on YouTube and millions more on Instagram and Vine. They would follow him to the mall or show up on his doorstep; they’d call his parents or bombard him with messages online. He achieved so much success with his YouTube channel by age 19 that in 2015 he was able to quit school and pursue his passion full time. He traveled the country, hosting tours and meet and greets with hoards of adoring fans.
Why would Tweimeh abandon his social-media dream? Why devote your life to building YouTube celebrity, only to give it up? The important thing to understand about Tweimeh is that he’s part of a second generation of YouTube stars, one that found fame differently than the first — and one that’s finding that the price of their social-media-celebrity dream is often unbearably high.
The “first generation” of YouTubers — your Tyler Oakleys, Connor Frantas, Joey Graceffas, and Shane Dawsons, all of whom most teenagers have heard of even if you haven’t — began making videos in the early days of YouTube, between 2006 and 2009. Their audiences grew enormous alongside the platform. But none of those stars had set out to become famous or make a career out of making YouTube videos. When Tyler Oakley, one of the most widely known YouTube stars today, uploaded his first video in 2007, there was no such thing as a “social-media influencer,” and shooting and editing videos was a lengthy process that required an expensive camera and computer setup. The first VidCon, the largest annual YouTuber convention that’s become associated with the world of internet vloggers, didn’t even take place until 2010.
Growing up in a small town in California’s Bay Area, Tweimeh was bullied and teased at school for his sexuality (Tweimeh is gay), and like many kids, he took refuge online, watching hundreds of hours of YouTube videos alone in his room. He dreamed of meeting famous YouTubers in real life, particularly Shane Dawson. But until 2013, when Tweimeh attended his first VidCon, becoming a YouTuber himself had seemed unimaginable. “I never even thought about becoming a YouTuber,” he said. “I just watched them all day.”
But as YouTube grew, so, too, did the following of these vloggers. At this point, a decade’s worth of middle- and high-school students have grown up watching videos by Oakley and his peers, idolizing them not just as celebrities, but as career models. These young adults, for whom “YouTube star” is a recognizable dream job — rather than the nonsense pipe dream it would have been in 2007 — are forming a second generation of YouTube stars.
At his first VidCon, Tweimeh waited hours in line for a meet and greet with Dawson. When they finally came face-to-face, Tweimeh was blown away by his kindness. “Here’s a guy I knew everything about and had watched for years, and he gave me a hug,” Tweimeh said. “I’ve never felt that type of happiness in my whole life.” On the drive back home, Tweimeh got on the phone with his friends and told them he was going to become a YouTuber.
Tweimeh’s YouTuber aspirations weren’t unique: According to a recent study by marketing firm First Choice, over 75 percent of children between the ages of 6 and 17 aspire to become a YouTuber or vlogger when they grow up. Kids can now even enroll in summer camps that are specifically aimed at teaching them how to become internet-famous.
But most of these teens are in for a rude awakening. YouTube has grown into a behemoth over the last decade: The platform currently claims 1.5 billion monthly active users and is growing. And unlike the first wave of stars, who stumbled onto success and grew with the platform, teens taking to YouTube right now, specifically trying to make a name for themselves, are fighting an uphill battle. Without Hollywood ties or personal connections with established YouTube names, most kids’ videos will go unnoticed.
And then he gave it all up and disappeared from the internet.
Tweimeh isn’t a shy person, but he’s thoughtful and introspective in a way that doesn’t come across in his earlier Twaimz videos. Performing in his videos as Twaimz, Tweimeh sang about his crushes, dressed up in drag, and danced around without a care. “Twaimz, I would say, is the craziest, over-the-top, extra — just so vulgar, but hilarious and sweet at the same time — persona; that is who Twaimz is,” Tweimeh said.
But as his fame grew, the pressure to live up to his online persona became crushing. Tweimeh began feeling trapped. He felt like he was losing himself and didn’t know how to stop. “The more videos I made, the more I was becoming like a character of myself,” he said. “Every time I turned on the camera, it was like I was putting on this façade, and I wasn’t really getting anything real out of it. It got to a point where it was too tiring for me to keep up the act. I was losing my confidence and becoming insecure all over again.”
At first, he was riding high. Tweimeh said he felt like he had achieved everything he ever wanted in life. In 2016, he staged a sold-out 22-city holiday tour that grossed him six figures in revenue. On the tour, he performed his hit parody song about llamas, told stories about his childhood and accidentally coming out to his mother while drunk, and hosted meet and greets with thousands of adoring fans where he took photos and distributed hugs. Around this time, his Twaimz YouTube videos had pulled in over 53 million views and his audience was growing. Tweimeh was making “well over six figures” as a professional YouTuber.
When social-media platforms and apps are just starting out, users are desperate for interesting people to follow. On a young platform, there are fewer users making viral content, and this lack of competition helps wannabe stars reach a growing user base. Social platforms will also often highlight interesting creators in order to boost engagement and keep people on the platform. Many Vine stars became big because they were regularly featured in Vine’s “comedy” channel, which helped them get more followers, which spread their content further, which helped them make it to the top of the comedy channel, and so on.
This was the route Tweimeh decided to take. In 2013, Vine was still a young and growing app, and Tweimeh’s short videos there — comedy skits, lip-sync videos, and scenes from his daily life — became popular quickly. Within a year, Tweimeh had amassed 3 million followers and enough attention on Vine that he decided to take on YouTube. “I was like, ‘Okay, I can go from six seconds to six minutes,’” he said. He didn’t alter his humor much. He still posted funny skits and parody songs, and he talked very openly about being gay. He also took part in popular challenges and games that are commonplace on YouTube. By late 2015, he had become a bona fide YouTube star with over 1 million followers and millions more views.
But there is a side door in: Get big on another growing video platform, like Vine, Musical.ly, or Instagram, then migrate your fan base over to YouTube. Making that migration is key to anyone who hopes to sustain a living as a full-time internet star. While some lucky few can get by on money made from doing Instagram sponsored posts, they’re not able to generate anywhere near the amount of revenue a successful YouTuber can make by running ads on their videos.
Twaimz was crazy, happy, energetic, and wild. Tweimeh says he’s like that sometimes, but it’s just one slice of his complicated personality. He’s struggled with depression and being bullied, and sometimes life wasn’t as peachy as his Twaimz act made it seem. He liked that Twaimz was so positive and could bring joy to his followers, but maintaining that one-dimensional personality all the time was overwhelming.
Overnight, Tweimeh’s channel went dark; his Instagram and Twitter accounts were temporarily deactivated, and his avatars on the accounts that remained were switched to solid black. His fans were shocked. Rumors of his death swirled. Teens desperately tried tweeting at him, sending him messages, calling his house to ask what happened and if he was okay. Fans posted messages on his final YouTube video every day for months, begging him to come back.
For a year, Tweimeh slept, reconnected with offline friends, hung out with his family, and ate a lot of sushi. He didn’t upload a single video or explain his decision to quit the internet. He’d just desperately needed time off.
So, without warning his followers, he quit YouTube.
But Tweimeh says that, technically, Twaimz isn’t back. For one, he’s changed his YouTube name to “Issa Twaimz,” appending his real-life first name to his YouTube moniker to reflect his new, more authentic persona. Tweimeh says that his channel will still feature wacky parody songs and pranks, but he hopes to show more of his “real” personality as well. “I do have this personal side (Issa), but I also have this crazy side (Twaimz), and together they make who I am,” he said.
But he couldn’t stay away forever. Last month, after over a year offline, he returned to YouTube. Tweimeh announced his comeback on August 30 by uploading his first video in over a year, titled “The Return of Twaimz.” It’s a horror-movie parody where his old self, “Twaimz,” haunts his “real” self, “Issa,” and possesses him. “I know you hated Twaimz, but Twaimz isn’t just a part of your life, it’s a part of everybody’s life,” his YouTube alter ego says. At the end of the video, his father walks into their house and declares, “Twaimz is back.”
He’s not the first online influencer to take a break from the internet, or the first celebrity to try to reinvent himself. Instagram star Essena O’Neill famously quit the internet last year, claiming that social media “isn’t real life.” Kevan Wu, known on YouTube as KevJumba, also quit for a while after a traumatic car crash left him hospitalized and struggling with depression. And YouTuber Sam Pepper quit the internet in 2016 after backlash to his controversial pranks. But Tweimeh’s fan-to-riches story can be read as a cautionary tale to many would-be third-generation YouTube stars.
YouTubers in 2017 are under intense pressure to create soap-opera-level drama to maintain the interest of their fans. Whether that means starting fake beefs and rap-battling with family members, like Jake and Logan Paul; waging public wars with your BFFs, like Lele Pons; or starting fights with other YouTube stars, like KSI, YouTubers have begun to realize what many Real Housewives have known for a decade: There’s nothing people on the internet love more than drama.
DramaAlert, a YouTube channel that is solely dedicated to chronicling drama in the YouTube community has doubled in size over the last year to nearly 3 million subscribers by posting videos like “Jake Paul’s Fake Girlfriend BUSTED,” “KSI vs NetNobody (Diss Track WAR!),” and “Casey Neistat Sells Out Over PewDiePie!”
“I think the main thing people are scared to do is turn on the camera,” he said. “The best advice I would give to anybody wanting to do this is, listen to your own voice. And whatever comes to your mind, film it, because no matter what it is, it’s content.”
Whether this newer, chiller, more authentic Twaimz will be able to compete in today’s YouTube climate is still unknown. But so far, his comeback content has performed well, and Tweimeh’s channel recently topped 3 million subscribers. Tweimeh is also more aware of the example he’s setting for younger fans and feels a duty to encourage them to find their own voice — and remain true to themselves.
When asked if he would recommend his career choice to young teens today, Tweimeh paused. “The social-media world today is much more driven by negativity,” he said. “I see the type of content that gets surfaced on YouTube now. It’s not the same as it was. It’s a lot more drama-related, a lot more backed by negative opinions or controversy.”
But getting big on a smaller platform first is how nearly everyone in YouTube’s second generation of stars built their audience. Jake Paul, King Bach, Gabbie Hanna, and Amanda Cerny all blew up on Vine first, then transported their followings over to YouTube. There are many advantages to this method — the main one being that it’s much easier to build an audience on a smaller, growing platform than to try to make a name for yourself in a crowded market like YouTube.
Tweimeh hopes to become a new type of influencer, one who spreads positivity rather than drama. “When I was like, ‘What’s the video I want to come back with? What’s something that people need?’” he said. “I was like, ‘positivity.’ Everybody needs that right now in the world we live in. I need more positivity; people who watch me need more positivity; we all need more positivity.” Unlike other YouTube stars in his cohort, he has not decamped to L.A. Instead, he lives at home with his parents in a modest suburban house in the Bay Area. He still keeps in close touch with his three best friends from growing up. His day-to-day life, aside from the hours he spends editing videos in his room, is not unlike many other 21-year-olds living at home struggling to figure out who they are.
Twitter has found itself in hot water in recent months thanks to, among other things: a harassment problem, a Nazi problem, and a “president of the United States” problem. The “president” problem is complicated, but the upshot is basically that there is somehow a nonzero chance that the way Americans find out about World War III will be via a tweet from the president, or via a tweet from @DennysDiner trying to wring engagement from the announcement.
In standing by and doing nothing (or, relatively little) about the Trump situation on their private platform that they can regulate arbitrarily and however they want, Twitter’s minders can be seen as complicit in whatever catastrophe he sets off. But they don’t need to be. Moderators for message boards and other online communities have been dealing with terrible attention vampires like Trump for literally decades. The technology has been developed to deal with the president without setting off an international incident. Twitter just needs to implement it. Twitter needs to hellban Donald Trump.
“Y’all pile on us. You really think the issue doesn’t weigh on us?” Biz Stone shot back at critics. The reason Twitter has never banned Trump is, by the company’s own admission, because he is newsworthy — merely by virtue of being president, the things he says matter. To an extent, that’s right: If the president wants to exercise his constitutional right to show his whole ass online, then the citizenry should probably know that their president wants to show off the entirety of his monstrous ass.
“But wait, Brian, won’t people notice when the president stops tweeting?” No? Maybe someone finally wrestled his phone away from him. That’s a fun lie we can tell ourselves instead. The president was tackled by John Kelly and four Secret Service members while Jared huddled in the corner, eyes squeezed shut with his hands over his ears.
This has led to a crisis of consciousness for Twitter, which insists adamantly that it cares about protecting free speech on its platform, sometimes even if that speech is incitement for harassment, or threats of violence on an international, nuclear level. “Twitter should ban Donald Trump” headlines wail. (As if he wouldn’t just pick up the phone, dial Fox & Friends, and practice the dark art of shitposting via telephone, as he did for decades before Twitter was invented.)
The hellban, or shadowban, is a message-board moderation tactic in which trolls are able to continue posting — but their posts appear only to themselves, and are hidden from everyone else. Think of it as a systemwide mute. In effect, it allows trolls to continue shitposting, but cuts them off from the attention and response that perpetuate and encourage said activity. Eventually, when nobody responds to their posts for long enough, they disappear.
Twitter should do this with Trump. Let him send tweets, and let them appear on his phone, and then not display the tweets in anybody’s feed. He’ll get the endorphin rush of clicking that big honkin’ tweet button, and everyone else will get to not die asking, “What’s that?” — just before the nuclear shock waves vaporize them. I call that a win-win.
Maybe it’s the algorithm. “The algorithm isn’t surfacing them, because it is tailored to prioritize things you want to see. We will not explain how the algorithm works.”
You might think that people would notice when POTUS doesn’t show up in their timelines. You’d be wrong. There are many excuses for why you’re not seeing the president’s tweets.
Maybe it’s a technical glitch. “Oh, you’re not seeing the president’s tweets? Hmm. We’re definitely seeing them on our end. Try clearing your cache and wait 20 minutes. Log out and back in again, and maybe then you’ll start seeing the tweets.” (You won’t.)
It’s true that eventually the jig would be up, at which point Twitter should gate Trump’s tweets by requiring informed consent, kinda like when you have to click the “I AM 18” button on adult-entertainment websites, or certain videos on YouTube. You just go to twitter.com/realdonaldtrump, click “I know what’s up,” and get shepherded past the virtual beaded curtain into the moist, dimly-lit corner of Twitter where the president expectorates mindlessly. Like a locked account, you would not be able to retweet or quote-tweet him.
Anyway, I’m just an idiot who doesn’t get paid anything to run Twitter. But I think this is a good idea. Biz, Jack, this one’s on the house.
Additional editor’s note: A previous version of this post wrongly identified the bull as a cow. Select All deeply regrets the error.
The Apple Watch Series 3 with LTE
The Apple Watch Series 1
Pros: It’s a great smartwatch with all the basic features covered above, plus an awesome 18-plus hours of battery life.Cons: It isn’t waterproof and it only works in range of your phone.
Who should get it? If you’ve always wanted a smartwatch, and don’t feel like blowing $400 on the newest Apple Watch, the Series 1 is for you. The Series 1 is a great smartwatch for someone who isn’t going to be away from their phone for long periods of time, or someone who isn’t a heavy swimmer or runner. Like all Apple Watches, the Series 1 is great for fitness, with a variety of different workout modes programmed in, that’ll customize themselves to fit your personal routine. It also has a great battery life, connects easily and quickly with your iPhone and other Apple devices, has Siri, and just generally will make you feel like you’re living in the future. The Series 1 was the first smartwatch I ever used, and I totally loved it.
Who should get it? If you’re a runner, a heavy smartwatch user, or just someone who gets wet a lot, the Series 3 is for you.The S3 comes with built-in GPS. Having LTE allows you to leave your phone behind when going on a run, or popping out to the corner store, while still being able to listen to music, make calls, and just generally keep up with the world. And that’s a pretty freeing feeling. It’s also water-resistant, which is handy if you swim, and is just generally a nice thing to not have to worry about as you’re going about your day. If you have the extra cash to splurge on a Series 3, you should definitely do it. (There’s also technically a non-LTE option for the Series 3 line, but it’s only marginally cheaper and is essentially just a more-expensive version of the Series 1, so I wouldn’t exactly recommend it.)
The National Highway Transportation Safety Administration keeps a running tally of all of the vehicular-related fatalities that occur each year in the U.S., and it’s from that information that lawmakers, journalists, and activists decide where to focus their energies. Bloomberg’s report found that the NHTSA’s data set is severely underreporting one major cause of road fatalities: cell-phone usage.
The NHTSA collects its data on fatalities from individual states, which in turn, collect their data from a variety of local and regional sources, who all draw their information from police reports, which can vary wildly station by station. This utter lack of standardization can lead to wildly inaccurate results. According to Bloomberg, “Only 11 states use reporting forms that contain a field for police to tick-off mobile-phone distraction, while 27 have a space to note distraction in general as a potential cause of the accident.” Add the fact that mobile-phone use isn’t something that officers (or in the worst case, first responders) can physically test for at the scene, like intoxication, and you begin to get an idea of just how much we’re missing.
The problem is, if we don’t know how often something like this happens, we will never raise the funds (or constituent demand) needed to fix it. Smartphones are an ever-present part of our reality, that’s a fact that no one is trying to deny or change. But if we’re going to keep inventing new ways to distract ourselves (and vehemently deny the total superiority of self-driving cars), we need to find a way to — at the very least — get a basic understanding of how all of this tech impacts us behind the wheel.
Halloween is rapidly approaching, but not so rapidly that you don’t have time to plan and assemble a decent costume for whatever your plans are — a party, a parade, watching the two good Halloweentown movies on your couch, then ranting about how the third one is trash, and then watching it anyway. As full-time meme connoisseurs, we here at Select All have rounded up a few of our favorite, and most easily costume-able, memes from the last year to give you some inspiration.
Recent NHTSA reports show that over the last few years, road fatalities have increased by a whopping 14.4 percent after being more or less in decline for the last decade. Bloomberg points out that none of the normal causes seem to attribute for this crazy spike: Speeding- or drinking-related incidents haven’t increased drastically, nor are Americans driving significantly more miles than they used to. But you know what has increased (and drastically) over the last few years? Cell-phone use.
Listen to this story and more features from New York and other magazines: Download the Audm app for your iPhone.
Last week, Twitter co-founder and CEO Jack Dorsey fired off a tweetstorm about some changes Twitter would be making — finally — to curb harassment and abuse on the platform, saying the company had been working on them for the last two years. (For the record, harassment and abuse have been a problem on the platform for … longer than two years.) Dorsey’s tweets followed a 24-hour boycott of Twitter by some groups of women after Rose McGowan’s account was temporarily disabled amid the ongoing Harvey Weinstein scandal.
The list includes changes to Twitter’s policies on revenge porn — “non-consensual nudity” — as well as “unwanted sexual advances.” There are also new rules for hate speech, violent images, and “tweets that glorify violence.” Twitter says it will “immediately and permanently suspend any account” found posting content containing nonconsensual nudity, as well as any user who appears to be “intentionally posting said content to harass their target.” The category of “non-consensual nudity” will now include “upskirt imagery, “creep shots,” and “hidden camera content.” For hate speech, Twitter says “hateful imagery and hate symbols” and now “sensitive media,” but didn’t offer any details on how such media would be handled. (To view sensitive media on Twitter, like a triggering or violent news video, users often have to opt in or click to view.)
The email still leaves major questions about how Twitter is going to use its recent role as a springboard for Nazis and other hate groups. “We are still defining the exact scope of what will be covered by this policy. At a high level, we will take enforcement action against organizations that use/have historically used violence as a means to advance their cause,” the email explained in regards to “violent groups.” “More details to come here as well (including insight into the factors we will consider to identify such groups).” So, for now at least, you’re probably better off switching your account settings to trick Twitter into thinking you’re a user in Germany, if you want to avoid Nazi content altogether.
“We prioritized this in 2016. We updated our policies and increased the size of our teams. It wasn’t enough,” Dorsey wrote. “In 2017 we made it our top priority and made a lot of progress.” On Tuesday, Wired published a leaked internal email from Twitter’s head of safety policy to the company’s trust-and-safety council members detailing the new rules.
This is a powerful argument to American consumers, who have an intuitive and passionate belief in their free-speech rights. By this line of thinking, Facebook and Google should be neutral platforms, because anything else would abridge free-speech rights. But it’s important to understand what “neutrality” really means in the context of online platforms and political ads. That is: it’s not hands-off, we-give-you-the-park-you-bring-your-soapbox neutrality. In a recent example reported by Bloomberg, Facebook and Google’s “neutrality” was put toward helping a virulently Islamophobic anti-refugee campaign target the voters it wanted to influence.
For years, large tech platforms like Google and Facebook have deflected complaints about their roles spreading harmful, offensive, or outright false information by insisting on their own neutrality. Even as Facebook faces down questions about its role spreading misinformation during last year’s election — including misleading and divisive ads that were purchased by Russian government–linked trolls — its executives fall back on the pieties of neutral platformism. Asked recently if Facebook would have allowed the same ads had they been purchased by American citizens, COO Sheryl Sandberg recited the company’s mantra: “When you allow free expression, you allow free expression.”
Google and Facebook, for all their size and innovative energy, are advertising companies. They make their money from advertising, and it makes sense, from that perspective, that they would want to ensure that deep-pocketed clients have a good and effective experience on their platforms. But that kind of help is not the “neutrality” you might envision when Google and Facebook make their “we’re just the pipes” defenses: It’s an active neutrality that makes Facebook and Google partners with clients as well as tools with users.
Furthermore, it’s a neutrality that makes them not just culpable but hypocritical. Laborious assistance to an anti-refugee group can be difficult to square with companies that are at the same time waging legal challenges to the president’s Muslim ban, or pushing inclusiveness and openness in an increasingly divided society. At the very least, activity like what is described in Bloomberg’s report puts the lie to the notion that these companies aren’t actively assisting messages that their own stated values are in conflict with.
In both cases, the companies have direct relationships with their clients. They are actively assisting these campaigns in spreading their message, not standing at a distance and pleading ignorance. The Facebook video format test was later turned into a case study for examining their product.
Earlier on Wednesday, a clip of Donald Trump speaking to the press, alongside his wife, Melania, began circulating on Twitter. The clip might have gone by without much scrutiny or attention if it had not been for one small detail: Melania Trump appears to be, well, maybe not Melania Trump. Internet conspiracy theorists were quick to call out the clip and claim that the woman standing beside Trump — she’s dressed in a trench coat and dark sunglasses, which cover much of her face — isn’t the real Melania. “My wife, Melania, who happens to be right here,” Trump says in the clip, which, honestly, doesn’t help his case.
On Wednesday, Senator Ben Sasse accidentally spilled Dr. Pepper on Senator Ted Cruz during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. Cruz, in turn, tweeted a picture of a fridge full of soda and announced that the senator from Nebraska had been “cut off.” Soon, the Zodiac killer got involved.
Ted Cruz is the subject, of course, of two long-running conspiracy theories: (1) that he is actually a serial killer who roamed California in the 1960s and 1970s and was never caught; and (2) that his father had a hand in JFK’s death. (Trump is a fan of that latter one.) So Sasse, naturally, joked that he was wearing a shirt reading “Lee Harvey Oswald Was Framed” when the spill occurred.
And Cruz, naturally, had to reply. He tweeted back a picture of one of the Zodiac killer’s infamous ciphers.
He technically didn’t say that he wasn’t Zodiac.
So is this the real Melania? Probably. Maybe. Who can say? The only thing we can say with 100 percent certainty is that the fake-Melania memes have arrived. And they’re pretty decent.
Melania, blink twice if you’re in there.
Years from now, after the singularity, when we’ve hurtled ourselves beyond the limit of bodily consciousness and merged into the networked world-mind, we’ll look back and ask ourselves: What was the point of no return? When we first got personal computers? The rise of the smartphone? When digital pop-star Hatsune Miku, a computer program, started selling out stadiums in Japan? When self-driving cars took to the streets? Or did the moment come specifically and directly on October 19, 2007 — the date, now etched into history, of None Pizza With Left Beef?
Noticing that Domino’s selection tool allows for a “none” option, even for supposedly essential pizza ingredients like cheese and sauce, Molaro saw an opening. “Just to be a dick,” he wrote in his infamous blog post, “I also ordered a 6-inch individual ‘NONE’ pizza with BEEF (on the left).” His wife ate the pizza.
The blog post and the pizza quickly went viral, spawning a cult of pizza-nality that is practically unmatched. A March 2016 post from BuzzFeed collects “37 People Who Actually Ordered None Pizza Left Beef.” One might assume that hundreds of stoners have requested similar circular abominations over the last decade. You can buy a necklace of it on Etsy (“I only wear it when I need to dress up,” Molaro said). It’s become the sort of picture whose anniversary is celebrated just because, a rare feat for internet ephemera.
Domino’s, though, had a rudimentary but nonetheless comprehensive online ordering system. As is the case with any software, once you release it into the wild, users will race to find its worst possible usage. “At the time, Domino’s online delivery was new. I loved it, but had gotten fixated on the way they made you order toppings,” he recalled. “Rather than just picking ‘half pepperoni,’ you’d have to choose which half — left or right. That seemed so arbitrary and weird to me, that someone at Domino’s would be thinking, ‘Oh, wait, he wants his mushrooms on the RIGHT.’”
You might not recognize the name “None Pizza With Left Beef,” but if you’ve spent time on the more jokey corners of the internet, you’ve almost certainly seen it: a depressing circle of flat bread, cut into slices, inside a pizza box. Small chunks of beef crowd the top-most corner, a few other loose crumbles lie around the box and in the bull’s-eye center. It is simultaneously the most depressing pizza ever constructed, one of the most famous images on the World Wide Web, and a monument to the relationship between man and machine.
None Pizza With Left Beef was first revealed ten years ago today, in a now-infamous blog post called “The Great Pizza Orientation Test” published on a comedy website called the Sneeze. Its author, the architect of this great monument, is a man named Steve Molaro, who knows a thing or two about acutely of-its-time cultural production: He is the co-creator, with Chuck Lorre, of the new hit sitcom Young Sheldon.
Molaro was, as he puts it, “just being an idiot in a blog.” But his limp creation — either a crime against pizza or not a pizza at all — was an early, visceral, and extremely funny aftereffect of the growing presence of automated systems in our day-to-day lives. Imagine ordering such a pizza over the phone. Could you even? The mere discomfort of describing a None Pizza With Left Beef to another human being, the implication that you will put the beef chunks and the naked dough inside your mouth and let them slide down your gullet.
In the near-future, there will be no human interaction necessary when purchasing assembly-line food like Domino’s. There may not be any humans involved at all. “Someday,” Molaro writes, the silently judgmental delivery man “will be a robot with a bad mustache and my life will be perfect.” That reality is closer than you think. At the end of August, Ford announced it was partnering with Domino’s to test pizza delivery in self-driving cars, with customers unlocking warming containers in the vehicle using unique codes.
I do not envy anyone who has to eat a None Pizza With Left Beef, which I and my colleagues dined on this past Tuesday. It’s just a very bleak creation — bland, with rubbery, hamburgerlike bits that come loose in transit and collect in one corner of the box like pebbles collected from the surface of an eldritch moon. Technology frees us up to give in to our worst impulses, and those impulses have manifested themselves in the guise of a terrible pizza.
When I ordered a None Pizza With Left Beef this week, I received a call a few minutes later from Domino’s, which sought to verify that I wanted “no sauce, no cheese, hot beef?” I said that I was “completely sure,” and the employee (according to the pizza tracker, a man named Kutub) did not press the issue further. Still, I appreciated the safeguard. Will artificial intelligence ever get to the point where it phones me out of concern? “Our sensors indicate your order is repulsive.” Will Alexa ever call me on my bullshit when I order quasi-toxic cuisine? Or will these food bots simply fulfill my every wish, sending me into my doughy, double-wide grave one bite at a time?
So None Pizza With Left Beef lives on, a monument to humanity’s achievement and hubris. Asked if he considers the pizza to be his legacy, Molaro added, “I do have two teenagers I’m proud of. But they can be surly and ignore me a lot, so None Pizza With Left Beef may be my legacy.”
But the None Pizza With Left Beef is also, for now, a perfect troll — a Möbius strip of nonsense that affects everyone it touches. Sure, you get to troll the person tasked with constructing your awful pizza, but in the end, you pay for it and eat it. At the very least, you allow it into your home or office, tainting the space in some intangible way. You are using powerful, optimized technology for the dumbest possible reason, at once breaking a system and having it work exactly as intended. We’ve spent so long asking ourselves if we could make None Pizza With Left Beef, that we forgot to ask if we should.
In October of 2007, however, Molaro was a hungry comedy writer (literally), ordering pizza in a transitional technological moment — the iPhone had only been unveiled nine months earlier, and Seamless had yet to become a verb.
The good news is that this automation allows for creative freedom unrestrained by social custom. The bad news is, well, creative freedom unrestrained by social custom. Robots don’t judge, or caution, you; they give you the pizza you ask for, even if what you ask for is not, technically, pizza. The man who earlier this year ordered a cheeseburger with no onion, ketchup, mustard, pickles, bun, or beef patty from a McDonald’s automated kiosk — and received, naturally, a single slice of cheese — is a spiritual heir to Molaro, and his “cheeseburger” is the more refined child of None Pizza With Left Beef.
The person who ordered a cheeseburger from McDonald’s with no onion, ketchup, mustard, pickles, bun, beef patty, or cheese — and ended up spending 99 pence on empty McDonald’s bag — has followed the logic of None Pizza With Left Beef to its inevitable conclusion. This is the promise of an automated world: Goods and services provided to you with maximal efficiency, even if it means contorting those goods and services so far beyond recognition that they cease to be the thing you asked for.
A recent investigation by the Norwegian Consumer Council (NCC) has found that it’s probably not the best idea to slap an internet-enabled GPS tracking device on your child’s wrist.
Turns out, the majority of children’s smartwatches are not only rife with security flaws but also lack any real protections for the endless amount of data they collect about your kid. A 49-page report (which has the wonderfully awful title “#WatchOut”) details the NCC’s investigation into four popular smartwatch brands for children — Xplora, Viksfjord, Gator 2, and Tinitell — which found half to be extremely vulnerable to not only hackers but basically any “stranger with some technical knowledge.” The total lack of encryption used by several of the investigated devices made it easy for a third party to take control of the smartwatch and obtain a wealth of information about the child wearer, including their real-time location, name, phone number, and even live audio from the watch’s microphone.
The NCC also found that “the advertised safety-enhancing features, such as an SOS button that alerts the parents if the child is in distress, and a geofencing function that sends an alert whenever the child enters or leaves a designated area, were unreliable.” This is particularly worrisome, as safety is, you know, basically the only reason parents purchase these devices in the first place.
The information revealed by the NCC’s report was so worrisome that the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC) issued a statement saying that “these watches should not find their way into our shops.” In a press release, Monique Goyens, director general of BEUC added, “Parents buy them to protect their children. However, they are probably unaware that instead of protecting them they are making their children more vulnerable.”
Lulu the dog was being trained to sniff out bombs. The black Lab was a member of the CIA’s 2017 “puppy class.” Or at least she was until the CIA decided — and subsequently detailed in a series of tweets — that she should no longer be a part of the program. “We’re sad to announce that a few weeks into training, Lulu began to show signs that she wasn’t interested in detecting explosive odors,” the CIA tweeted. “Lulu wasn’t interested in searching for explosives. Even when motivated [with] food & play, she was clearly no longer enjoying herself.”
Despite their long attempts to escape the regulatory arm of the U.S. government, major tech companies may finally have nowhere left to run. Facebook and Google in particular are facing fierce pushback following disclosures that Kremlin-linked groups used online ad platforms to try to disrupt the 2016 election, and this week, Democratic Senators Mark Warner (who is helping lead the Senate’s Russia investigation) and Amy Klobuchar introduced the Honest Ads Act, which imposes strict rules on the disclosures online platforms make when serving up political ads. It’s already received support from Republican Senator John McCain.
According to Recode, the bill “seeks to impose new regulations on any website, web application, search engine, social network or ad network that has 50 million or more unique visitors in a majority of months in a given year.” Campaigns spending more than $500 on ads will have to make them available for public viewing along with disclosures about who paid for the ad, who the ad was targeted at, and the cost.
In a press conference this afternoon, Klobuchar said that the bill simply extends current disclosure laws that regulate things like TV and radio ads to the online space. Facebook, for its part, has already announced similar policies of its own (possibly in an attempt to avoid something like the Honest Ads Act).
Whether the bill will advance is unclear. The tech industry is generally wary of government regulation and believes it can regulate itself. Republicans, already anti-regulation by default, by and large believe the subject of Russian meddling to be overblown.
Lulu, following her refusal to cooperate, was adopted by her handler and is happily transitioning into life as a civilian. She has also become something of an internet hero. Who among us hasn’t felt a gradual disinterest — even when promised food in return — in doing our jobs?
Lulu, we thank you for your (almost) service and for being a very good dog.
Silicon Valley has a culture problem. The list of allegations of sexual harassment, assault, and discrimination against women in the tech industry seems to grow daily. Today’s addition: Blogger and former Microsoft tech evangelist turned major player in the world of AR/VR, Robert Scoble.
From Norton’s post:
After attacking Norton, Scoble allegedly turned his attention back to the woman he had been making out with earlier in the evening. Two men at the event later helped the woman walk away from him.
Earlier this year, Scoble apologized after publicly defending the founders of Upload VR amid a sexual-harassment lawsuit levied by a former female employee, Elizabeth Scott. (That suit was later settled.) “I must admit my own role in sexism in this industry and world,” Scoble wrote on Medium. “I am flawed too, and am working to fix those flaws. Have I caused others pain? Yes. Does that make me happy about myself? No. Looking in the mirror is a tough thing.” He also noted he’s gotten sober in recent years. Scoble publicly announced he was entering AA in 2015, as well as that he had been sexually abused as a child.
“I do hope Robert Scoble gets the help he needs, and I hope that the women he hurt get the help they (we) need,” Norton writes at the end of her post. “And I hope that Scoble and the people who helped Scoble perpetrate this violence against the women around him spend their time lifting up the careers of these women, as some small recompense for what they endured in their workplace.”
Following Norton’s post, another woman, Michelle Greer, came forward alleging Scoble has harassed her. Greer worked with Scoble at Rackspace for two years and told BuzzFeed he groped her in 2010 at the Startup Riot tech conference in Atlanta. ”I remember seeing him with two drinks in his hand,” Greer told BuzzFeed. “My boss sat next to me, and Scoble sits across from me and starts touching my leg.” Greer was able to leave the table and immediately told her boyfriend what had happened. After the conference, Greer says one of Scoble’s producers, who had been present when he touched her, reached out to her, “I’m so sorry, my employees will never touch you again.” She says Scoble himself never apologized. “What happened with Michelle happened with my boss,” Scoble told BuzzFeed, noting there were “other women in the room.” Greer was later fired from Rackspace by a manager who “didn’t think she could be happy at the company.” “I had basically shut down,” Greer said of her work at Rackspace following the harassment.
On Twitter, other people are also starting to share their experiences with Scoble. Entrepreneur Sarah Kunst — earlier this year Kunst called out Dave McClure of 500 Startups for harassing her via Facebook Messenger – tweeted a series of emails from both 2014 and 2017 she sent to Dent — an organization for people in tech that hosts conferences — regarding Scoble’s behavior. In 2014, she called it “odd” and said she’d likely not return for the event the following year because of it. And in 2017, Kunst says a drunk Scoble “verbally harassed” her. Other stories of alleged harassment have also surfaced.
In a post on Medium published Thursday, journalist Quinn Norton alleged Scoble attacked her at Foo Camp — a tech retreat hosted by O’Reilly Media — in the early 2010s. She writes that Scoble turned on her after he was pried away from a “drunkenly disoriented” woman he was making out with at the campsite. One of Norton’s friends separated the two and then someone else introduced Scoble to Norton, saying Scoble was “dangerous” as a joke. Norton in turn told Scoble she was dangerous, but he didn’t seem to heed her warning.
Following the event, Norton talked to several people about the incident and discovered she wasn’t alone in her experiences. Scoble’s behavior was one of tech’s “open secrets,” Norton explains, writing that she never came forward for fear of retribution against Scoble’s other victims. “I couldn’t come forward and name her [another victim] for risk of destroying her career and possibly personal life. So, despite being in the best position a woman could hope for, despite having ironclad in [sic] reputation and pretty damn good at opsec, I’ve stayed silent. I couldn’t risk the other women.”
Apple’s newest iPhones (specifically the iPhone 8 Plus and the soon-to-be-released iPhone X) have a hidden talent: They’re both really, really good at making you (and all of your friends) look way, way hotter. In fact, they honestly just make everything you take a photo of — from food to landscapes — look incredible. How is this possible, you might ask. Magic? Photoshop? Some form of voodoo?
Nope. It’s called Portrait Mode.
Back in the 7 Plus era, Portrait Mode was in beta. (And even when it officially arrived in iOS 10.1, it was still working out a lot of kinks.) Taking a photo that had that perfectly bokeh Depth Effect look going on would take a couple of tries, or would at least require you to wave your phone back and forth a bit until the almighty Apple gods gave you the go ahead. With the iPhone 8 Plus, all that struggle is replaced by an honestly stunning simplicity. You simply swipe over to the Portrait tab in Camera and start shooting. Practically every single photo you take turns out gorgeous, which is saying something for a simple point-and-shoot smartphone camera.
If you’ve ever owned an iPhone 7 Plus — or ever wondered how your 7 Plus–owning friends constantly fill their feed with those perfectly semi-blurred, semi-focused pics — you know what Portrait Mode is. It’s that setting that makes pretty much every photo look better by allowing the fancy dual-camera system inside the Plus to focus on whatever is in the foreground and blur out the background (which is basically the key to taking a primo-quality Instagram photo). Portrait Mode isn’t exactly new, but the way it is used in the 8 Plus (and the upcoming X) will honestly make you feel like it is.
Take, for example, these two pics:
Both of these were captured in one take, from the same distance and angle (in a very poorly lit burger joint, mind you) only a few seconds after each other. But just look at the difference. The photo on the left was shot on my iPhone 6s and it is pretty objectively awful: it’s awkwardly framed, pretty boring, and all in all looks exactly like it was taken randomly mid–dinner convo (which it totally was). Meanwhile, the photo on the right — shot on the 8 Plus — is practically a freaking work of art. Portrait Mode causes the camera to automatically zoom in 2X — which frames the picture much more nicely — and adds that glorious-looking bokeh effect, which transforms this otherwise pretty humdrum, low-light photo of my friend Jess into an ethereal glamour shot.
The key to using Portrait Mode effectively is to have a singular subject in the foreground — ideally in high-to-medium light — and something somewhat interesting going on in the background. This will be blurred to produce the bokeh effect, so it won’t be the focal point of your image, but it’s nice to give your viewers just a slightly obscured glimpse of the glamorous life you (of course) lead.
These are two photos I took on the iPhone 8 Plus in one take, with minimal-to-no positioning or focusing whatsoever, and they look pretty fantastic. Both the high-light (left) and low-light (right) examples have practically HD-level quality in the foreground, which is definitely complemented by that pretty bokeh blur in the background. These effects are achieved pretty much automatically when using Portrait Mode, which means that even if you hand your phone off to a technologically challenged relative, the few pics they manage to snap of you will probably actually turn out to be worthy of the ‘gram.
The iPhone 8 Plus and X also boast a whole host of new settings for Portrait Mode photos called Portrait Lighting that, well, change the lighting of your Portrait Mode photos, and is pretty useful when it comes to readying your pics for the ‘gram.
The first three settings make small changes to the lighting and color of your photo that often does away with the need for most edits. After you take a photo using Portrait Mode, you can go back and flip through the different Portrait Lighting options in Edit. (Pro tip: The black-and-white one is really good for taking awful-yet-somewhat-spooky Halloween pics of your friends.)
The new iPhone camera will also step your selfie game up to totally new levels. First and foremost, the selfie cam (as seen in the photo on the left) is fantastic on its own and takes well-lit, clear photos. However, it’s far from the main attraction.The best move for the selfie-obsessed is actually to just flip the camera around (or get a selfie-stick, if you’re into that) and take your close-ups with Portrait Mode engaged to give them that extra little something, something that only bokeh can provide.
It’s also worth noting that neither food nor drink is immune to the beautifying effects of the 8 Plus. Who would have guessed that your vegetarian burger would look better with a little blur?
As of right now, these fancy new settings can only be found on the iPhone 8 Plus (sorry 8 Regular users), but starting November 3, they’ll also be available on the iPhone X.
Earlier this week, an internal memo detailing Twitter’s new plans to curb abuse leaked online. The memo followed a Twitter thread from Twitter co-founder and CEO Jack Dorsey, after Rose McGowan’s account was temporarily disabled over her Harvey Weinstein tweets, and included new policies for violent groups, hate speech, and revenge porn. After the leak, Dorsey tweeted, saying that the company would be releasing an “internal shipping calendar” detailing when each of those features will be implemented. “This makes us feel uncomfortable because it’s a work in progress & rough, but it’s the right thing to do: we believe showing our thinking and work in real-time will help build trust,” Dorsey wrote. Here’s some of what you can expect from Twitter in the coming months.
October: Accounts found posting nonconsensual nudity will be suspended. Twitter says its new policies “err on the side of protecting victims.” The company also says that users can expect “a better experience for suspension appeals” if they believe an account was wrongly taken offline.
November: Suspended users will now be notified via email. Accounts belonging to “groups that use violence to advance their cause” will be suspended. Hate speech and imagery will be more strictly moderated — content will come with a warning, and hate images will be banned from headers and avatars. Internally, Twitter will begin using a new system for ranking reports about accounts that violate the platform’s terms of service. Hateful nameflaming — changing your Twitter name to spite someone — will no longer be permitted.
December: Expanded removal of content that “glorifies violence.” Better ways for people who see abuse on the platform — a.k.a. “witnesses” — to report what they see. Witnesses who submit reports will now receive updates on what, if anything, comes of their report. Twitter also says it will be using “past relationship signals” to curb “unwanted sexual advances.”
January: Twitter’s new witness-reporting review process will be available to all users.
You can see the full calendar on Twitter’s blog.
It’s hard out there for an aspiring Rich Kid of Instagram. Those comically large bottles of Champagne, sparkling new cars, and conspicuously logo’ed brand-name bags add up. So, what’s a wannabe influencer to do?
Hire a bargain Russian private-jet company to help you fake it (till you make it, of course), apparently.
A two-hour photo shoot will cost you about 11,000 rubles — approximately $191 in freedom dollars — which is nothing in comparison to the hourly charter rates for a jet that will actually, you know, take you somewhere. For an added cost, they’ll even cover the jet’s table in booze or other “luxury products.”
According to the Independent, a Moscow-based photography studio is now renting out grounded private jets to aspiring Instagram stars who just can’t quite come up with the funds to charter a flying one.
There’s a funny joke going around Twitter right now. A guy sits down on a plane and notices that a college professor grading midterms is seated next to him. The professor either doesn’t notice or doesn’t care that the guy sitting next to him can see the tests he’s grading, right down to the names of the students and the university they attend. The guy on the plane fires off a quick tweet letting one student in particular know, well, not to expect good news when they get back to school.
The studio behind all of this — creatively named “Private Jet Studio” — will also provide you with a makeup artist, so you can get that casual I-Just-Rolled-Out-of-Bed-and-Into-This-Expensive-Jet-How-Quaint look.
Just make sure not to pull a Lil’ Bow Wow and accidentally get caught flying commercial moments after. Post wisely, my friends.
In fact, the joke is so funny, you may have seen it more than once. Here’s another version, which replaces Taiwan Jones at Howard University for a Michael Turner at Butler University, which was tweeted 12 hours after the first version went viral. The first iteration maybe actually happened, the second almost certainly did not. (The nearly identical but just slightly altered text between the two tweets is usually a good tell for a stolen joke. It’s like when you ask to copy somebody else’s homework, and they tell you to change the answers a little so the teacher won’t know.)
That might have been the end of the theft, but this particular gag has gotten a second life, as the students named in the tweets — “the students” — have also come out of the woodwork on Twitter. There’s a Michael and not one, but two Taiwans all claiming that they’re the infamous midterm flunkers. In his defense, @TaiwanJones_ was the first to claim himself as the rightful Taiwan Jones, though @JonesTaiwan_ has had bigger viral success with his tweet. (Editor’s note: @TaiwanJones_ has since changed their handle to @TaiwanJoness.) Thickening the plot, there is no one named “Taiwan Jones” listed in Howard University’s student-email directory. Select All has reached out to all parties for comment and will update this post if we hear back.
Who is the real Taiwan Jones? Is Taiwan Jones even real? The world may never know.
If you deal with Wi-Fi dead zones in your apartment or home, whether because you live in a larger home or have thicker brick or stone walls, which can block Wi-Fi signals, a mesh network can be the ideal solution. It’s pricier than buying a good Wi-Fi router and range extender, but it’s also simpler and offers some real benefits, like not having to manually switch between slower (but long distance) 2.4 GHz bands and faster (but short range) 5 GHz bands.
The idea of a mesh network is basically this: You plug in one unit to wherever your hard-line internet comes in from (for most people, this means the cable modem). You then take more units and spread them throughout the home. Because each unit can both send and receive data, you end up with overlapping zones of coverage all on the same Wi-Fi network. This means, for instance, that I can get about the same download speeds on my second-floor balcony as I do in my concrete-encased basement, all on the same network.
Look: Testing like this is squishy. Everyone’s home is different, with multiple factors coming into play about how difficult it is to get Wi-Fi everywhere. I did find that Eero’s claim that one Eero base unit plus extender would cover as much space as three Google Wifi units to be true, and Eero’s base unit in particular seems incredibly powerful — but, at least in my case, I also found that I sometimes wasn’t getting quite the same speeds as I would with the three-pack from Google Wifi.
First, I tested for dBm (or decibels in relation to a milliwatt), which essentially measures signal strength. This scale runs from -30 to -90, with -90 being terrible reception and -30 being very, very good. I used the Dr. WiFi AR app to create a 3-D map of dBm through my house, and then into my front and backyard. Google Wifi results are on the left, and Eero plus one Beacon are on the right. Green is great, yellow is good, and red is bad.
What you’re seeing is me walking through my house and then out into the backyard and garage, and then into my front yard, taking constant readings of dBm — my front yard is at the bottom of the picture, my garage at the top. (Apologies for not quite lining up the 3-D perspective on these maps, but the 3-D maps in the app I was using delete once you start taking new readings, and I really did not want to redo everything and walk around my front yard holding my phone up like a weirdo three times in one morning.)
Speed tests didn’t show a tremendous amount of difference. I used Ookla’s speedtest.net, testmy.net, and speedof.me. Truly accurate Wi-Fi speed tests can’t be done without using intranets and equipment I don’t have, so all of this should be taken with a grain of salt. I’m currently on a Verizon Fios 150 Mbps up/down plan, and found that I got those speeds (and slightly faster) on both Eero and Google Wifi base units — i.e., the units plugged directly into the hard line. And generally, I found that I got similar results when I was near a Beacon or a Google Wifi remote unit.
But there’s a crucial difference here — I have one more Google remote unit, giving me more flexibility. Unless you live in some Big Little Lies airy mansion, walls will get between the units. Three Google units mean I can plan around where I do most of my work and need the internet the most. With only one Beacon — which is the only way Eero keeps price parity with Google Wifi, since an Eero base unit and two beacons is $399 — that flexibility is gone, which meant certain spots in my home would seem to be slightly slower.
Really, the best advice I can give is to carefully read your favorite retailer’s return policy and try out both. With a sale offering either an Eero base unit and one beacon for $255 (normally $299), it’s a good place to start. You may also find that you just prefer the sleeker look and profile of the Eero units in your home. But if you can afford it, and don’t mind doing a little testing, a three-pack of Google Wifi units is still a great price. Bottom line: Find out what works best for you, then return what doesn’t.
Until very recently, I would have recommended the Google Wifi system as the best mesh network, for its combination of performance and price (normally $299 for a pack of three, but on sale right now for $279). But its nearest competitor, Eero, is making a strong play to take that spot, with a $255 sale on the second-generation base Eero unit and a “Beacon” extender that works as a simple plug-in unit (think a Glade plug-in air freshener, but with Wi-Fi radio signals instead of Cashmere Woods–scented mist).
I tested out the new Eero plus Beacon at my own home, about 2,800 square feet of a weird “Bayonne Box”–style home — which means my house is a long but narrow three-story building. I took speed and Wi-Fi strength measurements in our home using our three-unit Google Wifi setup, and then switched out for Eero plus one Beacon extender.
In both cases, the Eero and Google Wifi simply don’t extend out to my garage, and start to drop quickly once I got about 60 feet away from any unit — but the Eero had better dBm measurements inside my house and maintained better connections for longer outside. In my kitchen, where I do most of my work at home, I was getting -39 dBm readings — the lowest I’ve ever seen in my house, period.
With pressure on Facebook mounting in anticipation of general counsel Colin Stretch’s testimony in front of the House and Senate Intelligence Committee, it can be helpful to step back and take stock of what we the public know, and what we don’t. We know, for example, that some institution linked to the Russian government — likely the infamous Internet Research Agency — bought ads on Facebook between 2015 and 2017, with the assumed intent of stoking anger and partisanship. We know that the ads concerned wedge issues like immigration, the Second Amendment, and police brutality; we even know what some of the Russian pages and accounts were. And we know that around 3,000 ads were purchased at a cost of around $100,000. Other platforms like Google and Outbrain are investigating Russian ad buys on their networks as well.
Here’s what we don’t know: whether or not, and to what extent, those ads were effective at swinging votes.
Part of the problem with assessing the effect of Russian ads is that Facebook itself sends mixed messages. According to the company, 10 million people are estimated to have seen at least one of the ads (25 percent of them were never shown to any users). Facebook rarely makes raw data public, and its public metrics can be misleading. For instance, a video view is registered if someone watches the first 3 seconds with the sound off. So, 10 million people “saw” the ads — but the number that actually absorbed what they saw is totally unclear. (And that’s setting aside that on several occasions now, Facebook has admitted to accidentally misreporting its own metrics.)
Digital advertising is a complicated business, and it can be a bit of a black box. Even with the absurd amount of data collected by Facebook and its various third-party partners, it can be hard to pin down the actual effects of a given campaign — and everyone is incentivized to play up or play down results. A fantastical theory recently floated by a marketing agency claimed that with just $42,800, a dedicated campaign could have swayed the 10,704 Michigan voters that won Trump the state. It’s a fun theory — but it’s a theory that represents an absolute edge-case scenario, in which Facebook ads are supernaturally effective and persuasive. People who’ve worked in digital advertising are more dismissive: Antonio García Martínez, a former Facebook product manager and author of Chaos Monkeys, called theories like this “utter bullshit.”
Obviously, the ad platform’s effectiveness in political campaigns lies somewhere between all-powerful and house of cards. But so long as Facebook holds back its own data, the rest of us won’t be able to tell which side it falls on. “Facebook probably has the data that would help us understand whether or not there was an impact,” Yochai Benkler of Harvard’s Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society said in a recent interview with Select All. If Facebook released, for example, precise data about which geographical and demographic groups were targeted by Russian ads, third-party researchers could compare that information to actual and expected turnout in last year’s election. “They have the data that will help us understand,” Benkler says. “They’re not releasing it in any significant way.”
None of this means that Facebook doesn’t need regulation. The Russian government secretly paying for political advertisements aimed at influencing a domestic election is a clear violation of U.S. sovereignty — a real problem that Facebook, and the government, must investigate and address. To their credit, both legislators and Facebook executives appear to understand the need to confront the issue. Days after Facebook disclosed its findings, Mark Zuckerberg announced that the company would now require full public disclosure of an ad’s sponsor and target audience. This week, Senators Amy Klobuchar and Mark Warren introduced the Honest Ads Act, a law that would bring digital political ads in line with the more stringent regulations that govern political ads on radio and television.
At the same time, the focus on Russian ads, no matter how well-intended, ignores the many other troubling aspects of Facebook’s influence on the election. For one — buying ads isn’t really what the Internet Research Agency does. Loosely referred to as a “troll operation,” the employees specialize in creating and performing as “sock puppets,” seemingly normal commenters and posters who are actually acting under ulterior motives.
Sock puppets, not nefariously developed and purchased political advertisements, are the IRA’s bread and butter, as recent reports out of Russia corroborate. According to former employees, “the Internet Research Agency targeted U.S. audiences in part by posting provocative ‘comments’ pretending to be from Americans on newspaper articles that appeared on the websites of the New York Times and Washington Post.”
At the peak of its influence campaign, the IRA had about 90 people focused on the United States, though that number has apparently now dropped to 50. When social-media companies cracked down on their sock-puppet accounts over the last two months, they suspended 118 communities that could reach an estimated 6 million users. Among the accounts was a Twitter account masquerading as the Tennessee GOP, @TEN_GOP, which had 136,000 followers — ten times as many as the actual Twitter account for the state’s Republican Party. The organization reported the fake account to Twitter three times since September 2016, and yet the company was unresponsive.
Those comments and other reported elements of the IRA’s intelligence operation — Trump rallies organized by Russian sock puppets, for example — portray a secretive attempt to harness not the ad-buying tools of these companies, but their completely free-to-use network effects. In form and function, many of the things that the IRA is described as doing on social media and in comment sections is not all that different from what anyone else does. Russian trolls (and their profit-minded cousins in “fake news”) “didn’t make up stuff that wasn’t already part of the folklore of the right,” Benkler said. They just “circulated and cut and paste and created all sorts of remixes of all the same sets of stories that were already circulating widely, on the right anyway.” And that’s far more concerning.
At the same time, Facebook brags about its ability to influence voters. Its business section is full of case studies about political campaigns. According to Facebook, Republican governor Rick Scott, running for reelection in 2014, used Facebook to create a “22% increase in Hispanic support,” which the case study calls “a deciding factor” in his win.
Absent that data, the best we can do is make educated assessments based on past experience. And to anyone who’s worked in online advertising or social-media management, the $100,000 spent by the Russian government is laughably small, no matter how precisely targeted. In contrast, the official Trump campaign spent $90 million on digital ads — and, unlike the Russians, had assistance from Facebook employees to target and deploy them effectively. “There’s no way $100,000 in ad budget impacted the election. It’s ridiculous,” García Martínez said.
According to BuzzFeed:
Put another way, what we should worry about isn’t what Facebook was paid to do, but what it did for free. Clinton outraised and outspent Trump substantially over the course of the campaign, but his earned media — the chatter he generated — was upwards of a billion dollars, according to García Martínez. “The ability for Facebook to amplify that sort of message? That’s the scary, high-value thing.”
This kind of free movement of misinformation between disingenuous and malevolent outside actors, passionate true believers, and the reading and voting public should be the real concern of anyone trying to assess the effects of social media on the political process — not a relatively small number of easy-to-identify (and easy-to-regulate) advertisements. A few weeks ago in a press conference, Senator Mark Warner, who is helping lead the Senate Intelligence Committee’s Russia inquiry, said that he was more concerned about sock puppets than ad buys. “It’s the organic posts masquerading as reality that nobody has to pay for, that, to me, is the bigger concern,” said García Martínez.
And what’s dangerous isn’t just that false stories and conspiracy theories can travel up what Benkler calls the “attention backbone” of social media. In disclosing the Russian ads, Facebook stated plainly that it viewed the ability to communicate across borders as a strength of the system, not a liability. It’s the corrosive effect of these “inauthentic” accounts — which Facebook has no easy way of dealing with — and the attention economy that gives Trump a freebie campaign. There is a growing tendency for people to label anyone they don’t agree with online as a bot. A few months ago, an enterprising college student retweeted by Trump was accused of not existing simply because her profile picture was of a stock photo (raise your hand if you’ve ever used an avatar that wasn’t actually your own face). During the campaign, American trolls tried to suppress the vote by creating fake promotional images telling Clinton supporters that they could vote by text. They didn’t need to set up a Facebook campaign. They were able to spread them around the internet at no cost.
If you already have a PlayStation and are curious about VR, the PSVR is a no-brainer. And while VR headsets for PCs are rapidly falling in price, you still need a pretty beefy PC to run one — the cheapest prebuilts that are VR ready are still going to be in the $500 range.
The PSVR uses a headband strap to hang the unit right in front of your eyes, making it much more comfortable to use on both your face and allowing your face to breathe (it’s also easier to use with glasses). But it’s also still pretty pricey — while the PSVR helmet alone is $300, you’ll also need to get a PS Camera and (ideally) two Move controllers.
Worse, both of the main PC headsets, the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, get uncomfortable to wear pretty quickly due to the “scuba mask” effect — the VR headsets are held in place against your face with straps, which slowly press against the top of your cheekbones and don’t allow for a lot of airflow. As a someone predisposed to sweating, it can get IRL steamy while I’m trying to look around virtual worlds.
A deal on Amazon nets you a helmet and PS camera for just $279 right now if you drop 100VRSAVE in the promo box. (The move is likely spurred by the small update coming to the PSVR hardware, but it’s nothing that should give you pause on buying in now.) You’ll still need to buy two Move controllers at $33 apiece, but it brings the whole thing down to about $345 before taxes — a decent discount on the $450 PSVR Bundle with camera and move controllers (which is also somewhat difficult to find — the PSVR has proved surprisingly popular).
I think VR still has a ways to go before it becomes the dreamworld so many thought it would be a few years ago, but if you want to understand why VR got so many so excited, you need to try it for yourself — and this represents the cheapest way to do it I’ve seen yet.
This has been a very, very bad week. (And month, and year, tbh.)
Instead of continuing to worry about that, please let this video of a hedgehog trying to escape from a slice of bread bring light and happiness into your life for 15 glorious seconds.
You may now return to your regularly scheduled depression and anxiety.
On Thursday, tech journalist Quinn Norton published a lengthy Medium post detailing a time at a tech retreat in 2010 where she was sexually assaulted by Robert Scoble. Several other women, including entrepreneur Sarah Kunst and Scoble’s former Rackspace co-worker Michelle Greer, also came forward with similarly gross allegations about Scoble. Now, Scoble is saying he’s “ashamed” of his past behavior.
Scoble joins a running list of men in Silicon Valley who have apologized for their behavior and are insisting they won’t sexually assault and harass people in the future. Well, a growing list of men who have apologized after getting publicly called out for their actions. Earlier this year, tech entrepreneur and co-founder of Macromedia Marc Canter apologized, on Medium of course, after several women accused him of inappropriate messages, including a threesome proposition. Before Canter, venture capitalist and regular Shark Tank fixture Chris Sacca also apologized on Medium. Sacca, notably, said his anemic sorries before he was publicly outed. Specifically one day before he was outed in a piece in the New York Times. A piece which he likely — read: definitely — knew was going to be published.
“I did some things that are really, really hurtful to the women and I feel ashamed by that,” Scoble told USA Today. “I have taken many steps to try to get better because I knew some of this was potentially going to come out.” Scoble, who has previously discussed his substance-abuse issues and publicly entered AA in 2015, also told USA Today the incidents occurred during the years before he got sober. It’s worth noting when BuzzFeed asked him for comment late Thursday regarding the time Greer says he groped her, he responded with the explanation that his boss and other women had been present at the time.
The folks over at Android Police combed through the code of version 7.14.15 of the Google Android app and found references to functionality that would require a screen. Among the functions: watching and controlling YouTube, pulling up photo galleries, browsing the web, and, perhaps most useful of all, displaying Google Maps information. Code snippets also allude to screen savers.
It’s looking like Google will follow in the footsteps of Amazon for the next variant of its line of Home smart speakers, introducing an intelligent voice-assistant speaker that also includes display. New hardware referenced in Android code indicates a device that has the ability to display information — and, importantly, play YouTube videos. TechCrunch first reported rumors of the device last month.
While all signs, and the existing market, point to a device with a screen, it’s possible that what Android Police found could be for something else. At I/O earlier this year, Google showed off using the current screen-less Home in tandem with a Chromecast to display a dashboard of information. Still, Amazon’s Echo Show is already on the market, and Google is playing catch-up in that regard, so it wouldn’t surprise anyone if it introduced a similar gizmo. And like I said before, this one will be able to play YouTube videos, a feature that was removed from the Echo Show and was so crucial that Amazon had to lower the price of the thing.
The $199 Harman Kardon Invoke speaker, powered by Microsoft’s Cortana, is a great smart speaker if you’re already deeply embedded within the Microsoft ecosystem. Like, if you have a Windows 10 computer at home and work, use Office 365 and Outlook for all of your calendars and scheduling, and have a Wunderlist addiction. It also sounds fantastic and only costs a bit more than the competition. If you aren’t deeply tied to Microsoft? You may have a great-sounding smart speaker that can’t do much else — and there’s a better-sounding smart speaker for the same price out there as well.
I played the Weeknd’s “The Hills,” and the bass drone that kicks during the chorus came through with clarity and power. The rapid bass kicks in FKA Twigs’ “Two Weeks” hit properly, and the low chanting was suitably foreboding, but the Invoke also had the frequency response to let the high-pitched electronic flutters clearly stand out. I listened to Phoenix’s “Lisztomania,” while quickly switching from the Google Home, to Echo Show, then to the Invoke, and it was like popping your ears after a long flight — everything was suddenly much clearer: the ring of guitars, the richness of vocals, and the boom of the kick drum.
I’m not saying the Invoke will suddenly turn your kitchen counter into an audiophile’s dream, but for $199, compared to $99 for the regular Amazon Echo or the $200 for the Echo Show, you’re getting a much better sound. And the Google Home, at $129, will still sound better than the average Bluetooth speaker you may have kicking around your kitchen — but the Invoke is just $70 more and sounds much, much better. (The Google Home Max may fix this, but it’ll retail at $400, and I haven’t had a chance to listen to it.)
This is the highlight of the Invoke. Harman Kardon has a long reputation for putting out great audio, and its recent acquisition by Samsung doesn’t seem to have changed that. The $199 Invoke comes with three woofers, three tweeters, and two passive radiators, which results in noticeably better sound than your standard smart speaker, including the Echo, the Echo Show, and the Google Home, and the Invoke sounded much, much better than all three of them — especially when it came to any song with bass.
On the flip side, the Invoke already works with Philips Hue, Nest, Wink, SmartThings, and Insteon, meaning it can control a good portion of the smart-home stuff available. Potentially more appealing, it allows you to make voice calls using your Skype account. The good part is that the Invoke’s speakers make people on the other end of the line sound great. The bad news is that in my limited testing, people on the other end of the line when I placed a call using Invoke said my voice sounded tinny and far away. I tested it for myself and they’re right — it sounds about the same as if you’d left your phone on the countertop in speakerphone mode.
There’s a lot more that Cortana can do. It can schedule meetings for you. It can set up to-do lists and reminders. It can check for new emails and even respond to them. But for all these to work, I need to be in Microsoft’s ecosystem, using their products, like Wunderlist, Outlook, and Windows 10. If you’re already in, the transition is pretty seamless — I was able to set up a reminder on Invoke and see it on my Windows 10 home desktop easily. (That said, it can only do this for one account — if my wife, a heavier Windows user than me, also wanted to use Cortana, she’s out of luck.) The Microsoft spokespeople I talked to said they wanted to bring in other services, but were noncommittal about when that would happen, and considering my work computer is a MacBook Pro, and my office and my personal life are largely handled through Gmail and Google Calendar, it’s hard to see the Invoke being much more than a nice-sounding timer and wireless speaker for me. Depending on your home and work setup, your mileage may vary greatly.
If you haven’t used the Windows 10 OS in a bit, you may not have had much of a chance to interact with Cortana. You wake the Invoke by saying, “Hey, Cortana,” a slightly awkward and overlong phrase (though, perhaps, not quite annoying of the two hard-G sounds and schwa of “Okay, Google).
The Invoke takes its clearest cues from the original Echo — its tall, black tower. It slightly flares out at the bottom, which to my eye creates something slightly more organic and less stark than the Echo, but lacks the pure affability you’re seeing from Google, Sonos, and other players in the market. It doesn’t quite blend into the background in the same way these other products do, but this will largely be a matter of taste. It has a volume control that you can see from the top of the device, and adjust via dial, but you can’t really see the volume ring from a side-on view — not a great design choice when building a large tower that will likely be above eye level for anyone seated in a room.
If you live and die by your Outlook calendar and have Windows across almost every aspect of your life (there’s a decently designed Cortana app that’ll take care of you on iOS or Android), the Harman Kardon Invoke is a no-brainer. It sounds great, it’s priced right, and generally performed exactly as I needed it to. If that doesn’t describe you, and you want a smart speaker that sounds really good, right now, get the Sonos One — it’s the same price, and despite some small headaches in getting it set up, it’ll serve you well.
If you don’t have a smart speaker and aren’t quite sure where to jump in, either get an Echo Dot or a Google Home Mini for $50 and see if you like it (both can pair with your preexisting home audio system, if you have one). Or wait and see how all this shakes out. The smart-speaker wars are about to begin in earnest — and it’ll probably be at least a year before it’s clear which company, if any, comes out on top.
If we place smart speakers on a spectrum from Amazon’s Alexa (excels at performing tasks, but falls short when asked simple questions) to Google Home (still playing catch-up on capabilities, but can answer random questions much more easily), Cortana falls somewhere in the middle. It hooks into Bing to answer questions, and was capable of throwing back pretty good responses to a variety of questions, from “How tall is a giraffe” (on average, the male giraffe grows up to 18 feet in height) to “What’s the difference between mitosis and meiosis?” (I’ve already forgotten whatever it told me.) That said, it drew a complete blank when I asked “Who’s gonna be in the World Series?” — offering up, “I found two results: the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians,” (i.e., the two teams in the World Series last year), and just a blanket, “Sorry, I’m not able to help with that yet.” Both Alexa and Google Home answered the question easily, and didn’t provide potentially traumatic answers for Cleveland fans.
That said, I found that the $199 Sonos One — which currently runs Alexa, but will soon open up to Google Assistant — sounded even better than the Invoke. It’s subtle, and not nearly as noticeable as the difference between a base Echo or Google Home versus an Invoke, but it’s there. Which one you pick comes down to whether you want to use Alexa (and, eventually, Google Assistant) or Cortana.
Dress up like everybody’s favorite Turkish chef. Start with a pair of black pants and toss on a white T-shirt. (If you don’t already own a white T-shirt, try one of these.) Next, you’ll need a pair of round wire-framed sunglasses with dark lenses. Complete your look with some salt. (Consider carrying around a shaker or a Morton’s container if you’re worried that people won’t get your costume.) Bonus points if you bring a giant hunk of meat to really commit to the bit.
Revisit this summer’s breakout Snapchat filter for Halloween. Snapchat recently started selling a hot-dog suit if you’re willing to part with $80 to get the official look. If you want to be a break-dancing hot dog on a budget, consider building your own. You can get a hot-dog suit for about $20 and add a pair of green headphones to complete the ensemble, for about half the price of Snap’s suit. Plus, you can use the headphones the other 364 days of the year sans hotdog costume.
Basically, this is just dressing as the pope … except he’s young and hot. Which is, frankly, more ideal for trying to get some on Halloween than dressing as an old pope. Be sure to keep a can of cherry-flavored Coke Zero — Pope Lenny’s beverage of choice — on hand at all times. If you happen to run into somebody dressed as a nun on Halloween, draft them to be your Sister Mary (Diane Keaton).
A good costume if you’re particularly strapped for cash, but have access to a color printer and some tape. (I’m not telling you to abuse your office supply closet, but I’m also not not telling you to abuse your office supply closet.) Decide which emoji — bees, death, eggplants — you’d like to be the sheriff of and print out about a dozen enlarged versions of said emoji. Cut out the emoji and affix them to your torso, arms, and legs. (Depending on the coverage you want, you might need to print more emoji. Toss in a cheap cowboy hat — or print one if you’re feeling so inclined — and get ready to say “Howdy” a whole lot.
Possibly the laziest costume on this list, all you’ll need to be Kellyanne Conway giving a show-and-tell presentation on Fox News is a printer. You could, if you are so inclined and have one handy, toss on a mint-colored dress. Or even a blonde wig. But really, all you need are the signs. Type “CONCLUSION? COLLUSION” on one and “ILLUSION DELUSION” on the other. Be sure to cross out “COLLUSION.” Definitely no colluding going on in the Trump administration.
Though her now-infamous episode of Dr. Phil first aired in 2016, 2017 has undoubtedly been the year of Danielle Bregoli. The “cash me outside” originator has since snagged a reported television deal, a contract with Atlantic records, and an enviably large Instagram following. A red wig, some gold hoops, and a camisole with visible bra straps, and you’re in business.
Full-on masks are kind of a pain if you actually want to speak to anybody on Halloween, so we’re recommending this lovely Kermit hat, which gets the point across without obscuring your face. If you’re really committing, you can always pair it with some green face paint. You’ll only need one cloak, which you can always trade off if you get tired of being the evil Kermit and want to go back to the sunshine-and-rainbows version.
You’ll need three people for this costume — an homage to a very good meme from late August — and you’ll all need to commit to standing near each other for the duration of the evening if you don’t just want to look like three people in normal clothes who showed up to a Halloween party. The most important part is that the person in plaid stand in the middle and look particularly thirsty for any and all photo ops.
Big tech companies can be terrifying in a bad way — when they’re being giant, democracy-warping surveillance monstrosities — but they can also be terrifying in a good way. Google Maps is scaring the crap out of us this year not by being a monopoly power, but by creating a list of the 31 Most Haunted Places in America for your browsing pleasure. The list includes classic haunts like Salem and Alcatraz, as well as less well-known epicenters of paranormal activity like the White House (yes, you read that right) and Bobby Mackey’s Music World.
Looking for a costume that will land with approximately a dozen people, after you explain it, on Halloween? Consider going as the Skimm, an email newsletter possibly best known for its, uh, unexpected summaries of traumatic and important news. Pair this glass-of-milk shirt — just think, you can re-wear this — with a few printouts of the best Skimm headlines. Example: a story about Chelsea Manning’s release that was summed up as “What to say when your friend asks what time you can get drinks after work … I’ll be free earlier than expected. Just like Chelsea Manning.”
Remember when Trump first took office and it seemed like he was signing an executive order every hour on the hour? So many, in fact, that Trump signing bogus EOs became something of an internet gag. This is that. Dress yourself as Trump — we’ve recommended a few costume pieces below, but you’ll also need a jacket and tie — and grab a blue folder.
Sure, you could actually, you know, go to these places and spook-it-up the old-fashioned way, but why not just sit back and browse the eerie pictures and links provided from the comfort of your own laptop like the modern, 21st-century human being you are.
There’s probably no better-known or influential community in the multi-billion-dollar world of video games than NeoGAF. Since its founding just over a decade ago, the site has become a hub of chatter useful for enthusiasts to chat about the intense minutiae of gaming, and for journalists looking to find out what gamers are talking about in any given week. As of last week, it sported more than 700,000 threads; its posts come up at the top of Google searches about nearly any gaming topic. And now — following the sudden exodus of the gaming site’s moderators and administrators — it’s no longer operational.
Given its outsize presence in gaming culture, the swift downfall of NeoGAF over the weekend has taken many by surprise. The site has been down for more than a day (supposedly for “scheduled maintenance”) following allegations of sexual harassment against the site’s founder, Tyler “Evilore” Malka, made in a Facebook post by filmmaker Ima Leupp. Leupp alleges that on a trip to New Orleans with Malka in 2015, she became sick from drinking and went into the bathroom. While in the shower, Malka allegedly also climbed in, naked and without consent.
The post was shared widely, including on NeoGAF, where users began leaving the site in droves.
According to Kotaku:
By the time the site went offline fully, all but one site administrator had left. One moderator told Kotaku that the site’s support staff had considered leaving in the past, and that Leupp’s direct accusation was the breaking point.
Leupp’s initial post is connected to a wider discussion of sexual harassment and assault in the wake of widespread claims against Hollywood heavyweight Harvey Weinstein. On NeoGAF in preceding weeks, Malka had been expressing skepticism regarding other claims of sexual misconduct, commenting on claims against a film journalist, “No evidence at all? No corroborating testimony? No behavioral red flags? So far this is nothing like other recent industry scandals.” He later characterized the impulse to believe #MeToo posts as “witch hunts.”
The site is currently down, and Malka has not issued any statement on either the sexual-misconduct claims or the website’s future.
Haylee Mazmanian and her friends just wanted to get some Chick-fil-A. But their fast-food trip was interrupted after Mazmanian, an 18-year-old from California, was reportedly pulled over on the way there and given a citation for her left turn. Which would have been fine, if not great, save for one little detail. Mazmanian says at the time of the incident, she was rocking a face of Shrek makeup.
The Sonos One sports the best sound for the best price of any smart speaker I’ve tried out. It’s also, as it exists right now, perhaps the most aggravating one to set up and use. But if you were to ask me which smart speaker you should spend your money on, I’d point you toward the Sonos One — even if you (like me) don’t have any other Sonos audio stuff in your home. Let me explain.
I’ve set up about a half-dozen different smart speakers in my home over the past year, and the Sonos was by far the most complicated and demanding. Usually, you plug in a speaker, download an app, hit a few buttons to find your Wi-Fi network on your phone, and you’re done. The Sonos app, by contrast, requires installing the Sonos skill in the Alexa app; then, because I don’t have any other Sonos equipment installed, I needed to plug the Sonos One into an Ethernet hardline. After that, I ping-ponged back and forth between the Sonos and Alexa app for a while, reaffirming to both Alexa and Sonos that, yes, I really did want to use Alexa with the Sonos One speaker. For a while, I was able to get the Sonos to respond to voice commands, but it would just agree to play a song or podcast and then follow that up with silence. After reinstalling the Sonos skill in the Alexa app, things started working, but then I needed to map out the acoustics of the room. To do this, I held my phone and waved it around while walking through the room as the Sonos One played what sounded like sci-fi movie laser zaps for about 45 seconds. I did this once, and then the app asked me whether I had a case on my phone, which I did. It asked me to remove the case, and repeat the process. (Apologies to all my neighbors.)
Even after all that, I still can’t do the thing I mainly use a smart speaker for: tell it to play some music from Spotify. For whatever reason, Sonos can’t use Spotify yet (it promises the functionality soon). So to listen to music, I go through the Spotify app and select the Sonos One speaker as the output device. It is a process.
My feeling with both the Amazon Echo and the Google Home was that their sound quality was okay for the convenience of being able to get some music playing while doing dishes, without drying off my hands and pulling out my phone. It was like eating Chipotle. Is it good? Not exactly. But it was fine. It was good enough.
According to Sonos, this hassle will, at some point, go away. The Sonos One will soon allow me not just to say “Alexa, play some Yo La Tengo,” and play it from Spotify, but will also support Google Home, my preferred voice OS, and eventually even AirPlay 2, meaning Apple’s well-developed ecosystem will be in the mix. It’s a lot to pay $200 for just the promise of a better experience, and if you don’t have that in your budget, I’d recommend waiting a bit to see how it all develops — the Sonos One will sound just as good in a few months as it does now.
It’s the flexibility (and Sonos’s generally good track record) that has me willing to make a bet on the Sonos One. The biggest current problems in smart speakers — and smart homes in general — are competing standards and a general messiness in the marketplace. Right now, buying a smart speaker feels a bit like buying a TV that will only play certain channels; it’d be like if I needed to buy a Samsung to get HBO but if I wanted to watch something on Showtime I’d need a Sony. Sonos One itself has come out of the gate a little messy, but its superior sound and its ambition to support any smart-speaker and smart-home standards that come down the pike are what I’m really buying.
But I think the Sonos One has probably ruined me on that. I keep switching back and forth between Yo La Tengo’s “Let’s Save Tony Orlando’s House” on an Amazon Show, a Google Home, and the Sonos One, and it’s just a different song on the Sonos One; it’s the difference between a song overheard on grocery-store speakers and listening to the CD, on headphones, in your bedroom. I want to like the cheaper, more convenient thing — but I know what I ultimately prefer. And what I prefer is the sound of the Sonos One, even with the current extra hassle.
Oh, but that sound. The Sonos One is the best-sounding smart speaker I’ve used, bar none. It sounds better than the Harman Kardon Invoke. It sounds better than the Sony and JBL smart speakers I listened to (though I haven’t had a chance to do extensive home testing of either). It sounds far better than the smart speakers sold by Amazon or Google, thanks mainly to its well-developed bass response, adding an extra layer of richness to nearly every song. In extremely dense pieces of music, like Aphex Twin’s “Windowlicker” (again, apologies to my neighbors), both the lows and the highs are present and accounted for, and well-balanced. More spare recordings, like Roxy Music’s “Avalon,” feel more spacious, with more separation than you should be getting from a $200 speaker.
“She still had the ears on, it was a mess,” one of the other teens in the car told BuzzFeed. Mazmanian also said that the officer looked “startled,” but never asked about her green face. (The teens were attending a makeup class as part of a theater-arts program after school.) You get to make the “driving ogre the speed limit” joke once. Use it wisely.
If you were dating in the early 2000s, you probably remember the Rejection Hotline: a wonderful invention that helped countless women dodge skeevy weirdos who wouldn’t take no for an answer. If some creep asked for your number — and, per the Creep Code, would not take no for an answer — you’d give them the Rejection Hotline instead of your own digits, and when they called later, they’d get this glorious message:
Over the weekend, Filip Struhárik, a journalist at the Slovak news publisher Denník N, revealed that Facebook is experimenting with a new format and product that’s not yet visible to a wider international audience. The new design segments Facebook’s main interface and primary tool of information conveyance — the infamous, algorithmically sorted News Feed you see when you log in to the site — into two different feeds. The News Feed, under this experiment, consists solely of posts from your Facebook friends. Alongside it, Facebook is testing a new feed it calls Explore.
The primary purpose of Explore — which, to be clear, is not yet a widely promoted Facebook product, just a test the company is undertaking — is in the name: It shows popular posts that the system thinks you might like, from pages and publishers that you don’t follow directly. It widens your view of the entire network just a little bit. But there’s a catch, as Struhárik pointed out:
Addressing Struhárik’s blog post indirectly, News Feed chief Adam Mosseri wrote, “People tell us they want an easier way to see posts from friends and family … The goal of this test is to understand if people prefer to have separate places for personal and public content.”
This mix of posts from corporate pages and photographs and updates from friends has exacerbated one of Facebook’s other existential anxieties: “context collapse.” For a few years now, Facebook has been struggling to figure out what to do about the mental load of managing multiple types of relationships (friendly, collegial, familial) under a single online identity. A feed that includes your boss, and your mom, and your old roommate, and your spouse — and the New York Times and Chester Cheetah — is difficult to manage. Rather than futz with Facebook’s convoluted privacy permissions to make sure their boss couldn’t see their tagged photos, but that college buds could, people just stopped posting, which is a serious concern for a service that relies on a constant and continuous flood of new content.
The test has sent publishers into a frenzy, for good reason: For most digital outlets, traffic from Facebook represents anywhere from a quarter to a half of their total. A major drop in interactions and reach would have wide-ranging consequences for an industry that already operates on very thin margins.
Of course, there is a way to get your page’s posts back into the News Feed: Pay to make them “sponsored” posts — in other words, ads.
But it also reveals the existential crisis at the heart of Facebook itself. The first big problem that Facebook is trying to solve is the reality that eager businesses and brands — including everything from the terrified publishers to clothing retailers to fast-casual restaurants to politicians — have made the News Feed an often-awful place to visit. If you want to visit Facebook to keep up with the people you know, it’s easy to get discouraged by a bevy of posts from the airlines and shoe stores you might have errantly “liked.” While those pages can foment engagement in the short term very well — it’s literally their job — in aggregate, it makes Facebook a much-less pleasant site.
To fix this, Facebook has done a few things. It’s emphasized ephemerality by cloning Snapchat’s 24-hour “stories” format into its own services (WhatsApp and Instagram included), started pushing live video in the hopes that people will be more spontaneous, and is now heavily promoting its Groups product, hoping that small, intentional online communities — rather than posts to the vast sea of “Facebook friends” — will motivate people to share more.
None of these have been allover solutions to Facebook’s problem. It’s hard not to see the bifurcation of the News Feed as the next step: Maybe a feed of, well, just your friends would encourage people to post more — less of the hostile alien world of Brand Facebook, and its associated comments and likes from strangers, and more of the friendly-ish world of people you (mostly) know.
If you’re a publisher who’s built up a large audience based on your Facebook page, this means trouble — you’re no longer assured a place in the main News Feed, which is by far the social network’s most prominent real estate. According to Struhárik, several metrics used to measure a page’s effectiveness have fallen by substantial margins. The “[s]ixty biggest Slovak media pages have 4 times fewer interactions (likes, comments, shares) since the test.” Reach across several pages also dropped by two-thirds.
Facebook says it has no plans to roll out the overhauled feed system globally. But plans change all the time.
Maybe Facebook will just abandon the Explore Feed, and never introduce it anywhere else. This, more than anything, is what should scare us about the test: As Nicholas Dawes of Human Rights Watch pointed out, “Facebook takes [a] casual buzzsaw to publishers in a few countries that sound small and far away” — Sri Lanka, Bolivia, Slovakia, Serbia, Guatemala, and Cambodia. Publishers in these countries are now seeing their entire businesses clobbered for an indefinite amount of time by a few hundred engineers at Facebook for the sake of a worldwide test. Facebook is so big that even a small trial in a handful of countries is influential enough to screw things up for millions of people.
There are other potential longer-term benefits to this approach as well. It’s possible that separate areas for posts from individual users and posts from brands will cut down on Facebook’s role in the spread of misinformation, hoaxes, and fake news. For better and worse, making the News Feed only accessible to the pages willing to pay for placement eliminates the dubious sites that have managed until now to coast for free off of the site’s network effects. The catch is that links are still allowed on the friends-only News Feed, and people are dumb and might just post whatever they want to believe anyway — in the form of an image macro. Who knows? (Only Facebook, and it will never tell you.)
Thankfully, the message only sends an hour after the dude texts the Hotline, so you don’t have to worry about any sort of angry “How Could You Give Me a Fake Number, You Bitch”–style confrontations.
However, as technology advanced beyond your sleek-looking Razer flip phone and the fuckboys got smarter, the Rejection Hotline became less of a viable options. Nobody actually gives you a “call” anymore — not even drunk assholes — and most Hotline-style work-arounds relied on the prerecorded-message system to do their job.
Enter the Mary Sue Rejection Hotline, created (if you couldn’t tell) by the blog the Mary Sue.
Give a guy TMS Rejection Hotline’s number (646-926-6614), and when he inevitably texts you “wat up?” at 2:30 a.m. later that night, he’ll get this lovely message in response:
Have you ever gone live on Instagram and thought to yourself, Self, this is great and all, but I really wish I could co-host this broadcast with a pal! No? You haven’t? Somebody out there has — because today, Instagram announced it’s rolling out a new feature that lets up to two users go live in the same stream. (Instagram tested a version of this earlier this year.)
It’s no secret that Mark Zuckerberg wants to change the world. He talks about it constantly — whether online in the form of his 6,000-word manifestos, or offline in interviews. The question is: How, exactly? I mean, beyond the whole “2 billion–user company” thing.
One answer is: Throw his money where it counts. According to a recent report by Vice News, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative — a limited-liability company founded by Zuck and his wife Priscilla Chan back in 2015 that’s dedicated to “charitable efforts” — has publicly committed $45 million “into groups aligned with two political causes: ending the era of mass incarceration and fixing the affordable housing crisis in American cities.”
This focus on the political process seems to come naturally from CZI’s unusual structure — it’s an LLC, rather than a traditional nonprofit charity. “Being an LLC allows them to combine policy advocacy and direct, for-profit investment in a way that a traditional foundation does not,” Ben Soskis, a research associate at the Center on Nonprofits and Philanthropy at the Urban Institute explained to Vice. “It’s pretty clear that Zuckerberg is OK with getting his hands dirty in politics, and there are certainly some philanthropies that are not.”
And given Facebook’s own recent problems with transparency, it’s not hard to feel a little uncomfortable, even as Zuckerberg takes on real and important problems. If we can’t trust Zuckerberg & Co. not to shake the very foundation of our democracy when merely selling ads on Facebook, how are we supposed to feel when those very same players start to explicitly influence our country’s legislation? Is it better because they’re owning up to it? Or okay because everyone else is doing it and CZI’s causes (or at least the ones we know about) are just? Whatever the correct answer is, it doesn’t really matter what we think. It’s happening regardless, and all we can do is watch.
CZI’s status as a limited-liability company — and not a foundation like that of the Gates, Clintons, or Obamas — grants it the unique ability to circumvent the rules and regulations regarding transparency and advocacy that traditionally ensnare the large-scale political aims of similar philanthropic organizations. As an LLC, the Chan Zuckerberg Institute isn’t legally obligated to disclose where its money goes, or even what its operating budget looks like (though, so far, they’ve more or less done this anyway). This likely makes the organization much more efficient, and more effective — which is great, if you’re onboard with Zuckerberg’s causes, or worrying, if you’re not.
“Simply tap the new icon on the bottom right and tap “Add” to invite anyone who’s currently watching,” Instagram explained on its blog. “Once they join, you’ll see the screen split into two and your friend pop up right below you.” Your friend can opt to leave the livestream at any time. Or, if you decide you’d rather return to being a solo act, the user who created the stream can also remove another user at anytime. Once you’re done going live, you’ll have the option to share the entire video to your Instagram Story. If you’d like to avoid watching any of your friends go live with another person, avoid tapping any icons at the top of the app — where Stories and live video typically appear, with a pair of circles set on top of each other.
“She woke up from her nap right before the party started … and when she came downstairs, she yelled, ‘Target!’ She wanted to walk around the house looking at everything,” Kern said. “She told us it was her Target.” Charlie and her friends celebrated by eating food you could get at a Target food court — hot dogs and pizza — and went “shopping.” Charlie joins a short but growing list of kids who have requested — and gotten — oddly specific, business-themed birthdays. There was a 4-year-old in Arkansas who celebrated in 2015 with a CVS-themed party. And a 2-year-old in Louisiana celebrated with a personal-injury-lawyer theme — the birthday boy loved the attorneys’ “One call, that’s all ” television ads — that year, too. Kern said when planning Charlie’s party that she came across several other Target-themed birthdays on Pinterest. “I just think it’s so cool that they are thinking outside the box of the standard party themes,” Kern said, noting that she “wouldn’t be surprised” if Charlie wanted another Target party next year. “She doesn’t even have to get something when we go [to the store]. She just genuinely loves Target.”
At the Rideshare Guy, a popular blog for Uber drivers, the fee was hailed as a move in the right direction:
For Uber to become a profitable business, it has to somehow balance offering rides cheap enough that users will use Uber, while at the same time charging those riders enough that drivers find it economically feasible to drive. Right now, Uber is largely doing this by subsidizing rides — a recent investor report found that for every ride, customers only pay 41 percent of the cost of each ride, with Uber’s investors eating the remaining 59 percent. It’s an unsustainable equation in the long run — investors will eventually want a return, and Uber can only lose so many billions of dollars before money stops coming in. The only way to even it out is to slowly raise the price of rides — or tack on extra fees to passengers.
The service will officially be available on November 8 for customers in 37 states. (Amazon Key currently does not allow for third-party operations to deliver to your home, so it’s not available in states where Amazon doesn’t do its own deliveries.)
If you’re anxiously awaiting an iPhone X, don’t hold your breath. According to a report from The Nikkei — an Asia-focused financial newspaper — the company is behind on production. Really behind. By about half. “Initial shipments of Apple’s highly anticipated iPhone X are expected to total around 20 million units, only half the planned amount for this year,” The Nikkei reports.
Part of the issue is the technology in the phone. Unlike its predecessors, the iPhone X has no home button and no bezel. To unlock it, users will use their faces, rather than a fingerprint, a technology Apple says is significantly more secure than Touch ID. But as it turns out, those features aren’t the easiest to properly and rapidly manufacture. Apple is currently producing 10 million iPhone Xs per month, and is “believed to have already started negotiations with other manufacturers over additional production of certain parts” to help boost those numbers. Of course, none of this is helped by the fact that Apple has also had delays with the iPhone 8 — its other less-fancy new phone — in recent weeks, too. Perhaps this is all a sign that if you’re in the market for a new device, you should just go out and get yourself a nice iPhone 7.
If you thought all those bad opening lines you sent on dating apps were private, you might want to think again. Researchers at the Kaspersky Lab in Moscow found vulnerabilities in several platforms, including Tinder, Bumble, and OkCupid. They were able to access all kinds of user data, including messages, locations, real names, and viewing history.
Here’s the second paragraph of Scoble’s statement: “I have rejected my lawyer’s advice to not make a statement and in a spirit of healing I would like to address the issue head on with open and honest dialogue.” My dude. You are paying legal counsel to tell you the best way to behave in this situation. Perhaps don’t disregard said counsel. Anything that follows the phrase “I have rejected my lawyer’s advice to not make a statement” is probably best left unwritten and unsaid.
Scoble writes about an “online affair” he had with a woman. “And to some extent my online affair did take advantage of [this woman]; I hate to be the person who outs [this woman] for her own abuse, but that was what we connected over primarily,” Scoble writes. “We talked a great deal about how each of us dealt with abuse and how it impacted our sex lives.” Scoble has previously discussed being abused as a child.
“Michelle Greer, who I worked with at Rackspace, was never in a reporting structure beneath me, and while we engaged in flirtations, the limits of the impropriety was that I was flirting with someone when I was married.”
But the announcement is also significant for what it tells us about the role Zuckerberg wants to play in the political process. It seems clear, based on how the money is being spent, that Zuckerberg isn’t particularly interested in being a leading-light hobbyist philanthropist seeking to raise awareness — he wants to leverage his wealth in the political arena to change laws and fix problems. The groups funded by CZI are chosen according to their track records on the introduction and passing of referendums, successfully lobbying for legislation, and swaying the minds of city officials on key issues. And looking at some of the most recent recipients of CZI funds — which includes a number of bona fide superstars (in the world of lobbying, at least), such as Families Against Mandatory Minimums, Alliance for Safety and Justice, and the American Conservative Union Foundation’s Center for Criminal Justice Reform — you can tell success is a prerequisite.
Facebook has already come under fire for taking down posts made by activists documenting the violence. The company is using small countries to test a new organizing method that removes publishers from the primary News Feed. Yesterday, the New York Times showed more examples of how an information ecosystem controlled by Facebook distorts reality.
The filter bubble is now a key factor in propaganda and genocide.
The Cabin
Unit 731
Psychosis
The David Parker Ray Transcript
Kwalliso No.22 is the “official” name given to North Korea’s most infamous concentration camp. The wiki details the countless human-rights abuses that have taken place inside its walls as recently as 2012.
This wiki details the crimes of the Dnepropetrovsk maniacs, a team of Ukrainian serial killers who gained notoriety online back in 2008 when a recording of one of their most heinous murders made its way onto a shock site. [The aforementioned video is not on the wiki, and I strongly recommend that you do not look it up and/or try to watch it, as it is very, VERY disturbing.]
A man begins the slow spiral into madness … or does he? This one has a slow buildup, but a great payoff. (You can also listen to Psychosis here.)
Instead, the fiery photo that people on Twitter, Imgur, and Reddit were quick to share as Bliss Hill actually appears to have been taken at the Gundlach Bundschu winery, which is close to Bliss Hill, but, again, is not it. (The winery sustained some damage — including the loss of a family home — but its main structures are still intact.)
It’s that time of year again. The dreaded time of year when couples feel the need to display their togetherness in the form of Halloween costumes. (The rest of us just dress up like dumb memes that we’ll spend the entire night explaining.) In anticipation of the big day, couples-costume ideas have become this week’s best Twitter meme. Mostly because all of the costume ideas are painfully bad.
Superzoom is perfect for those moments that just need a little something extra (and, you know, for making your friend’s face look weird). It can be found inside the Instagram Stories camera to the right of the Boomerang option. From there, you just hit record and bam! Instant drama.
All in all, people really like Super Mario Odyssey, which is a shock to absolutely nobody who has ever played a Mario game before. If you want to play a game that lets you turn into both a dinosaur, a taxi, and a big-city businessman, this is the game for you.
As if that weren’t enough, the reviews are in, and, surprise, surprise: Everyone loves it and is in love with it. Vice says that “it feels like the sequel ‘Mario 64’ fans have been waiting for since 1996,” and that sentiment seems to be echoed elsewhere. That’s a pretty lofty comparison, given that Super Mario 64 basically invented the 3-D-platforming genre and is still considered a hallmark of gaming history. “I don’t know how Odyssey was developed,” they write, “but it feels as though Nintendo’s designers had a game jam, where they came up with wild and unexpected ways of interacting with a 3-D Mario game. Instead of picking and choosing a few, though, they tossed all of them into a single game.”
The joke — according to Know Your Meme — seems to have gotten its lift from costumes inspired by old Vines. Here’s a good (“good”) one featuring a still from the infamous “So No Head” clip. (If you’re reading this and have absolutely no idea what I am talking about, start by watching this first.)
Since then, the couples-costume meme has grown beyond just Vine-related looks to include, well, anything you can split in two. George W. Bush and the shoe that hit him. Rihanna and the wine glasses she’s so fond of leaving restaurants still clutching. (Actually, that last one is good.) Anything.
Like all good memes, this one will undoubtedly be dead soon. Mostly because Halloween will be over soon. And also because good memes don’t ever last long.
Just in case technology wasn’t scary enough, researchers from MIT have developed a new AI-powered algorithm that’s perfect for all your Halloweekend needs. Meet Shelley (named after the creator of Frankenstein, of course). Occupation? Horror writer.
“I was composing a message using the autospeak, and a friend arrived early to my house,” she wrote in a reply further down the thread. “I had no idea all that drivel was being recorded — there are even errors in the drivel! And then to be a pick, with about 15 emails announcing such, meant that my email went rogue.”
It’s not difficult to figure out what happened here. Christine was dictating her comment using an automated transcription service, and while doing so, got interrupted by someone. She just forgot to turn the transcription off and accidentally submitted this beautiful comment, which the Times’ moderators briefly highlighted as a staff pick. “Hope your knee feels better!” one of their community editors replied.
“Yes, folks,” she added. “I guess I do sound like Sarah Palin here!”
Designed as part of the MIT Nightmare Machine (yeah, that’s a real thing), Shelley draws inspiration from some of the creepiest parts of Reddit in order to pen her own completely original short stories, all of which are designed to scare the ever-loving crap out of you. According to the nightmarish team of researchers who sired her, Shelley works by taking “a bit of inspiration in the form of a random seed, or a short snippet of text, and starts creating stories emanating from her creepy creative mind.”
However, despite being an algorithm designed to literally create the stuff of nightmares, Shelley is anything but impersonable. In fact, she apparently loves Twitter. Her account tweets out a new story generated from the dark depths of her algorithm-powered mind every hour, but she’s designed to incorporate suggestions from other users. And she’s actually surprisingly good at it.
Today in Jake Paul–adjacent news: YouTuber Shane Dawson has accused Paul of stealing one of his video ideas. Dawson, who, if you’re not familiar, was among the earliest generation of YouTubers and is probably best known for “Fred Is Dead” and lending the video intro “Hey, what’s up you guys” to the YouTube vernacular — says that after he posted a video interviewing his ex-girlfriend in a car, Paul did the same. Dawson says his “Confronting My First Love” video bears more than a few similarities to Paul’s “A Conversation With My Ex Girlfriend.” Dawson lays all of this out in a video posted on his ex-girlfriend’s — YouTuber Blair Fowler, the two are still friends — channel, “Our Drama W/ Jake Paul.”
To join in, all you have to do is reply to her most recent post and end your tweet with the hashtag #yourturn. They have a whole list of rules and guidelines for how best to collaborate with Shelley, but it’s much easier to check it out at work:
Your Halloween-costume ideas are probably bad. (Unless you are doing one of our cheap-meme-costumes ideas, which are all good.) Why not let a neural network make one up for you?
Janelle Shane, who programs neural networks to produce ideas mainly for the jokes, decided to have readers submit ideas for costumes, then trained a neural network to come up with its own costume ideas. After receiving more than 4,500 submissions, her neural network got to work.
Sexy ScareSexy the PumpkinSaxy PumpkinsSexy the PirateSexy Pumpkin PirateSexy Gumb ManSexy BarberSexy GarglesSexy HumblebeeSexy the GateSexy LampSexy Ducty MonsterSexy ConchpaperSexy the BumbleSexy the Super BassPretty Zombie Space SuitSexy DrangersSexy the Spock
But it never really seemed to crack the core concept behind a sexy costume:
But given a little time, it started to figure things out, with ideas like “A costume,” “Sexy Menus,” and “Frankenstein’s Denter.” After even more time, it came up with ideas that came very, very close to making sense:
“I think Jake Paul doesn’t know who I am,” Dawson says in the video. “I think he saw us on the trending page at No. 1.” Later in the reaction video, Dawson says he just wanted a little credit. “When you steal somebody else’s concept — which is fine, it’s YouTube, everybody does it — you have to throw in a little, like, ‘I saw somebody named Shane do this and his was pretty cool, so I wanted to do it myself.’” Paul does not mention Dawson in his video, which if you want to watch in full will take you almost 30 minutes. Admittedly, the two videos are similar … in that the men each have conversations with former paramours in moving vehicles. Which, frankly, sounds like Paul and Dawson both owe a hat-tip to the great-grandfather of the “We Filmed This in a Car” genre, Cash Cab.
Last month, Apple released the Series 3, the latest iteration of their smartwatch line, and announced that the Series 2 would soon be discontinued. Meaning that, for the time being, the second-best Apple Watch around is crazy cheap. I’m talking even cheaper than its predecessor, the Series 1 (which Apple is keeping around for budget-conscious consumers).
Here at Select All, we’ve become obsessed with a theory known as the MarioCube. Like the Grand Unified Theory pursued by modern physicists, MarioCube presents an elegant model of the Mario universe — but it also raises even more questions. It’s been floating around Tumblr for a while, so I’ll let those users explain.
So here they are, Wario and Waluigi’s female counterparts, Wapeach on the left and Wadaisy on the right.
He continued, walking me through his creative process:
Makes sense to me! “I think it would be a sick change of pace to have an evil queen be a nemesis for the Luigi Boys, but I’m not gonna hold my breath that they’ll be in the next next Mario game officially,” Green wagered. “Hell, Wario is barely official, I don’t think he’s been in any main series Mario game. The Mario & Luigi RPG games are pretty good about letting new villains and characters pop up, or the Paper Mario series. Who can say! Maybe they can make a debut in the next Mario DDR franchise installment. That’s been due for a sequel.” Nintendo, the ball is in your court. We’ve done the heavy lifting, now it’s time to make the MarioCube whole by entering Wapeach and Wadaisy into the canon.
But this is the best chance I have of buying and owning an iPhone X in the near future. I’m not even sure why I want one, exactly. I left Apple for Android years ago. I like 3.5 mm headphone jacks. I have seen a phone with an OLED screen and not many bezels before. I’m okay with texting in green bubbles, not blue.
I’ve never stood in line for a product launch, been a part of a crowd for a midnight showing, gone to a restaurant during its “soft opening.” I’m compulsive about plenty of things, but needing to be first to get at something — to experience something — isn’t one of them.
3:01 a.m. happens quietly, and I continue to hit refresh on the store page. I’m not alone. I close TweetDeck, as search for mentions of “iPhone X” starts to melt down my browser. Sunk-cost fallacy sinks in, and I start to worry that I’ve stayed up late and wrecked my sleep cycle for nothing. Some weird part of my brain starts firing off chemicals, and I suddenly really, really want to be able to buy this thing.
It’s 3:07 a.m., and I back out altogether, go to apple.com, and try the whole thing over again. This time it loads. I select my carrier, color, and storage size quickly; it’s like I’m trying to do some sort of consumerist speed run. I’ve already missed the window to get a phone delivered by next Friday — however many phones Apple had on hand to ship out to customers by next week, those are gone. It’ll take two to three weeks for a phone to be delivered, and I didn’t stay up this late to get a phone two to three weeks from now. I choose to pick one up at Apple’s store in Soho next Friday. I look at the list of times available. The first one is at 8 a.m., which is stupidly early — with my commute, it means probably getting up in darkness. But it’s already very dark outside. I select 8 a.m., press a few more buttons, and it’s done.
It’s 3:08 a.m., and my phone vibrates in my pocket as I get an email from Apple confirming my purchase. I check the store page again, out of curiosity. There are no phones available for pickup anywhere in NYC that I can see. As $1,087.66 leaves my bank account and starts flowing toward Apple, I don’t feel much except for a dull ache behind my left eye. I get up, fix the clock on my stove that’s running fast, and try to see if I can get a few hours of sleep before the sun comes up.
But I started to get curious about the iPhone X at the beginning of this year, as rumors started to come out of suppliers in Asia. Maybe this would be the phone that would bring me back to iOS. As is the case with many things, the anticipation was better than the actual thing. What Apple ended up unveiling in September wasn’t some artifact from the future. It’s just a really nice, really expensive phone. But it still exerts a pull on me. Endlessly reading and writing about the overpriced, overhyped phone has instilled some weird gravity in it. It’s become DeLillo’s most photographed barn in America — you can roll your eyes, but also: You’d feel silly if you went by and didn’t take a picture.
It’s 3:05 a.m. and I’m anxious. Other people are reporting success, while I’m still getting variations of a page saying, “We’re busy updating the Apple Store for you,” in various languages. I try to figure out what “Apple Store” is in Turkish, in Italian, in Japanese. The clock on my kitchen stove is two minutes ahead of the clock on my laptop, and it’s driving me mildly nuts.
If you see Lee Greenwood today, wish him a happy birthday. The artist behind “God Bless the USA” turns 75 today. You could even tag him in a tweet on Twitter. Assuming you can find the rightful Lee Greenwood, a task that President Trump failed at earlier this morning. Instead, Trump wished a Twitter happy birthday to some other Lee Greenwood, this one an attorney “focused on Washington DC sports” who lives in New York City. And, oh, also appears to have a history of tweeting photos of anti–Trump administration protests. Whoops.
Instead, Trump should have tagged @TheLeeGreenwood. The errant tweet was up for over two hours before it was finally deleted. We’ve reached out to Greenwood — the lawyer, not the singer — on Twitter to see how his morning, and his mentions, are going and will update if we hear back.
If you were one of the lucky (?) few who stayed up till 3 a.m. in order to spend a thousand dollars on a phone, you might want to start shopping around for some industrial-strength cases now. Last night, while you were frantically refreshing the order screen, Apple posted an interesting little update to its repair-costs section that might be worth taking note of.
With the relative newness of the tech within the X, it seems likely that these high-price brackets will stick. Most unauthorized dealers (a.k.a. that hole-in-the-wall “store” your friend’s cousin recommended to you that fixes phones for super cheap) won’t be able to be competitive in the iPhone X repair market until they get their hands on a lot of iPhone Xs. And with reports of shortages up the wazoo, plus a wait list that’s currently pushing five weeks, and the phone’s sky-high price, that doesn’t seem likely to happen anytime soon.
Accidentally drop your face-scanning phone on the ground while using it to turn your lovely visage into a 3-D poop emoji? A new screen will cost you $279.
If you have AppleCare+, it’s a more reasonable $29 — but AppleCare+ is $199 upfront, and you only get two repairs at that cheaper rate.
This is disappointing, but not unexpected. It’s how the internet works: The aggressive and disingenuous trolls of the new far-right have never encountered something they couldn’t refashion into a cudgel for their endless crusade. The moment the list became public knowledge, it transformed from something potentially helpful to something potentially dangerous for everyone involved. Mike Cernovich and company are driving the story, and they’re going to take it where they want. You could attack the list’s creators for not seeing this coming, or defend them by pointing out it’s not their fault that the list was leaked. But what’s the point? They’re not even part of the conversation anymore.
This model, of course, didn’t work for very long. For about 24 hours, the list circulated as it was intended to, among a fairly small number of women. Then it was taken offline, though screenshots, and a re-created read-only version floated around the internet in the days that followed. That iteration of the list was also taken offline; now, an Excel spreadsheet that appears to be a reproduction of the original Google document is floating around the web. This time, though, the list is no longer even theoretically a tool for helping women. It’s now being leaked and distributed not to protect women from predators but to publicly attack the men on it. The list has been weaponized for the online culture wars, and the women who created it, contributed to it, and were intended as its readers left totally powerless and voiceless as it’s used to undermine the industry in which they work.
Don’t feel too bad for Gates, however — he also made about half a billion dollars yesterday thanks to his Microsoft stock, leaving him with a stockpile of $88.5 billion. And while Bezos might have jumped over Bill Gates to take the top slot, we’ll always have this video of Bill Gates jumping over a chair, which I try to reference every time I write about him. Beat that, Bezos.
Only ’90s kids will remember this, but once upon a time, it was impossible to imagine anyone other than Bill Gates as the richest person in the world. Now, he’s been vanquished by the world’s most improbably muscular man: Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon. Bezos overtook Gates this afternoon after Amazon stock jumped 13.5 percent following an encouraging quarterly earnings report. (Bezos briefly took the top spot over the summer, only to watch his lead vanish the next day. This one seems a bit more sustainable, and also, who cares.)
The surge in Amazon stock price puts Bezos’s net worth north of $90 billion, an overnight surge of $7 billion over yesterday. To put that number in perspective, Bezos could use that fortune to buy 360 million Amazon Key kits at a price of $250 each. He could buy entry into every American household and still have a fair chunk of change left over.
When Brooke Amelia Peterson’s father, then an engineer at Apple, decided to show his daughter the iPhone X, he probably didn’t think it would be a move that would end his career. Except Peterson didn’t just look at the phone, she filmed it while she and her family were having dinner in the Apple cafeteria, and posted a hands-on review video on YouTube that quickly went viral. (People are really thirsty for this phone, I guess.)
“We’re not angry. We’re not bitter. My dad had a really great run at Apple … my dad’s gonna be okay … we’re okay; we’re good.”
Apple later asked her to take down the video, which Peterson did. Still, that wasn’t enough. In a tearful follow-up video, Peterson says her father has since been fired over her video. “I had no idea this was a violation,” she says. “He [Peterson’s dad] takes full responsibility. Apple let him go. At the end of the day, when you work for Apple, it doesn’t matter how good of a person you are, they just have no tolerance.” She also apologizes and says she and her family feel no ill will toward Apple.
As video-game companies recognize the kind of free viral media they can obtain if they just let gamers take and share screenshots of the weirdest and most insane moments in their games, they’re introducing more in-game recording options. The best example so far is in Super Mario Odyssey, which came out last week and became an instant sensation, in part because it looks crazy whenever you pause the action.
(Those last two, for reference.)
If you’re an average adult user, YouTube is the place where you can see Colbert clips and movie trailers. But for the young people who make up YouTube’s most devoted audience, the site is as important a source of political content as it is a source of entertainment. Over the last few years, a rich ecosystem of commentators has established itself on the video-sharing site, recording video monologues purporting to explain the world. That network leans right. Hard. As John Herrman explained in a recent article in The New York Times Magazine, “YouTube is host to just one dominant native political community: the YouTube right.”
That a video platform so beloved by adolescents is also so thoroughly dominated by a racist, extremist, reactionary right wing is a troubling thought, and one that hasn’t been directly confronted — partly, no doubt, because YouTube flies so far beneath the radar of most adults who follow politics. But how can we check the rise of the extreme right online — not just on YouTube, but on any of the many social platforms where it appears to flourish? Contra may not have all the answers, but she has one: Meet them on their turf and outdo them.
In her video “Why I Quit Academia,” Contra lays out what could be seen as a mini-manifesto explaining her entire YouTube channel.
Obviously, a single 13-minute video isn’t going to convince skeptics to treat genderqueer people with respect. But given how common it is for the left-of-center internet to treat certain ideas, gender identity included among them, as sacred categories that shouldn’t require any sort of real explanation, it’s noteworthy just how much explaining Contra does in the video, and how effective that explaining is. “I think a lot of times the way we talk about gender identity or gender dysphoria is either in abstract medical and psychiatric terms or it’s in social justice, activist terms, and both of those ways have a way of making it seem like a very abstract notion that people [find hard to understand],” she said in our interview. “I feel like you have to play this jargon game just because they say that it’s important, and you don’t really understand why. Well, if you can connect the jargon to something more concrete, to something more individual, an individual person’s experience of it, then it suddenly acquires a reality that it didn’t have when it was just a bunch of activist jargon.” In other words: Sure, the bad-faith just askin’ questions crowd is out there, but so are people who genuinely want to understand what’s going on. Someone has to explain this stuff to them in as clear a manner as possible.
Durgesh “was in deep despair,” Pandey told Select All. “He was shocked and was silent for five to six seconds, and asked me for those pics. He was hurt after seeing [them] and was asking only one thing: why they dragged [his] father into all this.”
Admins identified AJ Strub Milcheck as the source of a number of early Facebook posts about the meme. Select All reached out to Milcheck, who said he first saw the story on Instagram, then shared it on Facebook, thinking that the original parody account was real:
We love the Amazon Echo Dot, and not just because Alexa is listening to us type this, we promise. They’re great. But if you’re still on the fence about it, perhaps this will change your mind: Right now, the Echo Dot — Amazon’s mini-version of the Echo, which is perfect for first-time users — is 20 percent off. Meaning just $39.99. That’s like, a week’s worth of lattes in exchange for a lifetime of robo-assisted happiness.
Normally, the way Apple handles reviews of its new phones is by placing them in the hands of a select few prestige organizations and then setting a date when everyone can publish their review. It’s pretty effective! You get a wave of coverage about the newest iPhone, all at the same time, taking over a news cycle or two.
But for the iPhone X, everything is different. Wired’s Steven Levy got his hands on one, and Axios’ Mike Allen got a loaner from Apple that he promptly gave to his teenage nephew to play with. But the main source of hands-on iPhone reviews so far? YouTubers.
And here’s BooredAtWork.com running down the phone with the “unibrow” (which is good enough I may steal it):
Popular Science’s website did a quick video on what to expect, interspersing it with retro film footage:
St. Louis–based YouTuber Mark Watson, who’s run his Soldier Knows Best YouTube channel professionally for seven years, says he just got an email from Apple in mid-October asking where he’d like to come out to see the iPhone X last week. He hopped on a plane to New York City (on his dime — Apple didn’t pay) and shot video while getting some time to handle the phone.
Still, it makes sense. If you’re Apple, would you rather have have potential buyers first see reviews in an outlet like the Verge, the New York Times, or the Wall Street Journal, which will inevitably nitpick some aspect of the iPhone X, or gather a group YouTubers who make a living being affable and charming on-camera talk about a product they’re preinclined to like?
While they’re more expensive than the Agloves Sport, these leather touchscreen gloves from Warmen are crazy-nice for such a low cost. They’re fashionable, super accurate, and they’ll keep your hands mighty toasty. You can choose from either a fleece or cashmere lining (I went with cashmere, and it was absolutely lovely), and a variety of colors for the leather.
One method for solving this would require these companies to become non-neutral arbiters about what is allowed on their platform; closely moderating what people can say and post and publish. These companies don’t want to be editors, and in a vacuum, I don’t think any of their users want them to be either — Facebook and Twitter and Google are simply too large to have anything more specific than the most general rules of permissible expression.
What is there to do about this problem? Not a whole lot, according to these companies! The problem of the 2016 election was less fake news than the harnessing and weaponization of the conservative “attention backbone” by non-Americans. Less Pizzagate conspiracy and more fear of the government taking everyone’s guns.
Absent strict and universally enforceable rules, all these tech companies can offer is a big shrug. They’ll probably toss out how machine learning might help tackle the problem. “One of the things I did not understand was that these systems can be used to manipulate public opinion in ways that are quite inconsistent with what we think of as democracy,” Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt told Fast Company in an interview yesterday, also adding that “it remains to be seen whether some of these algorithms can be used to prevent bad stuff.” Not the most encouraging attitude from one of the most prominent leaders in the tech industry.
The looming problem of planet-size, centralized tech platforms is that they allow for anyone to easily plant seeds of doubt and dissent from miles away. Complicating things, this quality has also been, up until about 18 months ago, their strength as well. The more concerning aspect of Russian meddling has been the use of accounts posing as American (or at least implying such through lack of specificity) to spread misinformation or shift the conversation toward virulent partisanship. The grand fear isn’t ads, it’s people pretending to be fellow citizens influencing how you think and feel, and eventually, vote. Earlier this month, Mark Warner called the use of sock puppets, as they’re known, “more problematic” than the ads, saying that they were “used to sow chaos.” Again, according to statements released last night, Facebook plans to disclose that posts made by Russia-linked accounts (to be clear, not ads) reached 126 million. That figure dwarfs the 10 million users who supposedly saw ads bought by Russian operatives in the same time frame by a significant margin. Google similarly said it found more than 1,100 videos likely tied to the Internet Research Agency on YouTube, though it said only 3 percent of the videos had view counts greater than 5,000.
Everyone loves Google Docs! Your work saves automatically every few seconds, and you can access your documents from any internet-connected computer in the world — and any phone, too. It’s much better than the bad old days of Microsoft Word, where declining to save or forgetting to share your document means that you might never see it again. Google Docs is the perfect editing suite … right up until Google locks you out of your own documents for arbitrary reasons it refuses to explain.
It’s unclear exactly what is causing users to be locked out, though it’s likely, as some have noted on Twitter, that this is just a glitch in Google’s systems — a spam-detection system gone rogue. “We’re investigating reports of an issue with Google Docs,” a Google spokesperson told Select All. “We will provide more information when appropriate.” But that’s not exactly comforting, is it? Google Drive is hugely convenient for collaborative, accessible work. But this is a good reminder that you don’t really “have” everything you’re putting on it — Google does, on servers somewhere, and can take away as quickly and easily as it gives. For now, I’ll be drafting all my blog posts on an Underwood typewriter. Just to be safe.
Several users on Twitter and Reddit today are reporting that they’ve been locked out of their content for — according to Google — violating Google’s terms of service. Which terms of service? In its warnings, Google doesn’t say specifically. Topics of the content in question range from wildfire crimes, to post-socialist Europe, to the video game RuneScape.
The power of minimalism: clean lines, no bright colors messing up the place — it’s like math, but you can put it on your phone! Keep your phone looking just as snappy as it would naked. (Plus: Nobody makes more Instagrammable cases than Uniqfind, so now you have another reason to show off the X.)
Are you the type of tech doofus who stayed up until 3 a.m. to preorder the new iPhone X? If so, this case might be for you. Incipio’s Esquire Series has that cool, yet ever-so-slightly-conservative fabric-y vibe that says: Hey world, proper phone protection can be sexy! Basically the Warby Parker of phone cases.
Just seeing this Exosquad-looking thing could make Jony Ive break out in hives, but Element Case’s “roll cage” design does one better than the semi-standard MIL-STD-810G drop protection you see on a lot of tough cases with what it calls the “10/65” test — it drop tests all its phones from ten feet and from a car going 65 miles an hour. It ain’t gonna look pretty, but it will make your phone a lot less likely to break.
It’s clear and and yet still manages to not look great — but you will be able to admire the iPhone X inside. Polycarbonate plastic is lot tougher than it looks, and Speck has a good reputation for good, sturdy cases. Whether it’s facing a direct drop, or you’re chucking it at a wall, your $1,000 iPhone X is a lot more likely to stay intact with this guy wrapped around it.
If you’re looking for a low-key phone case that won’t hide the glory of your shiny new iPhone X from the world, Peel is for you. Peel cases are crazy thin — like, you-will-forget-you-have-a-case-on thin — and come in a variety of colors that will match your X perfectly. But it’ll still offer some protection if you fumble your phone onto the sidewalk.
One of the big appeals of the iPhone X is getting the great photography available on the Plus-size iPhones without worrying about jamming it in your pocket. A huge case can ruin that, which is why trustworthy brand Spigen’s thin-fit case may be perfect for making sure you don’t bulk up that X too much.
In a networked world, stage one of disaster recovery is, well, recovering the network. In the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Maria, a familiar narrative arc unfolded across my Twitter timeline: outrage at the absence of media coverage and the scarcity of information about the state of Puerto Rico, reports of repeated failed efforts to reach loved ones via phone, verification or debunking of stills from disaster movies claiming to be from the island, and a slow drip of actual news from the few people on the ground with a decent signal. That now-familiar moment when no one knows exactly how bad things are, only that they’re bad enough that even communicating how bad they are is a challenge. It’s often easy to imagine the internet as a frivolous amenity. But when the most important thing is to communicate your plight to authorities, relief workers, and the outside world, reconnecting to the internet can become as important as food or clean drinking water — especially because you might not be able to get the latter without the former.
Just ask people who lived through Hurricane Sandy in places like the Lower East Side, the Rockaways, and Midland Beach. Five years ago, in the days and sometimes weeks following the storm, residents of New York’s low-lying neighborhoods huddled around ad hoc phone-charging stations, and volunteers climbed dozens of stairs to check on elderly, sometimes bedridden public-housing residents unable to contact loved ones or call 911. In some neighborhoods, repairs to crucial telecommunications infrastructure took far longer than it did in the case of, say, Goldman Sachs.
After working with RHI, New America launched a new program called Resilient Communities and received a RISE grant to partner with five community organizations in Harlem, Hunts Point, Gowanus, the Lower East Side, and the Rockaways. They’re using much of the same tech initially prototyped in Red Hook, largely for the same reasons it was chosen there: It’s relatively cheap off-the-shelf equipment (Ubiquiti and TP-Link routers) running open-source software, which means it’s free and can be modified to suit the local network’s needs.
Resilient Communities’ explicitly political, community-focused approach — the curriculum is documented in brightly colored zines, and training materials are as likely to reference Grace Lee Boggs as the fundamentals of TCP/IP — has been important in building partnerships with organizations like their South Bronx partner the Point, who view the Wi-Fi network as furthering its mission areas of arts and culture, environmental justice, and youth and community development. “The only way to be free is to be self-empowered,” explained Yamil Lora, a longtime the Point employee and one of the lead coordinators of the Hunts Point Community Wifi project. “Being in a situation where you have to ask some company to come fix a problem for you — that’s a state of poverty.”
There is, of course, room for less politically radical and more profit-minded projects. goTenna, the third RISE: NYC telecom grantee, hopes to achieve the vision of bottom-up, person-to-person network infrastructure while raising VC funding. The company emerged out of CEO Daniela Perdomo’s experiences as a volunteer during Sandy recovery, watching city and federal agencies flail due to bad comms systems. “Different emergency service units could not communicate with each other — NYPD on one frequency, FEMA on another, it was just chaos. What I noticed was that a lot of civilians were first on the scene.” Perdomo saw a business opportunity in making communications infrastructure serving those first-responder civilians. (So did a handful of VCs — according to Crunchbase, the company has received $16.8 million in funding since its founding in 2012.)
goTenna is a platform for a mobile ad hoc network (MANET), a model of mesh wireless communications often used in bulky, expensive tactical military radios. But goTenna’s device is about the size of a extra-thick Sharpie, and costs a little less than $200 for two antennae. The devices pair with a smartphone, mesh with other local antennae, and transmit communications to an app. It challenges the entire model of mobile communications running across cell towers, moving communication more directly to phone-to-phone (or phone-to-pocket, mesh-to-pocket, mesh-to-phone).
The slick, relatively cheap out-of-the-box proprietary radio platform is arguably a quicker sell than long-term, complex, open-source infrastructure building by RHI and Resilient Communities, but the three grantee organizations generally don’t see themselves as competing so much as doing different things that can work well together. goTenna Mesh is great for SMS-style real-time communication; a localized mesh network might be better for a bulletin board or longer-term logistics resource. Ultimately, all three grantees want the same thing: Communities sustaining their own network infrastructure, not just for emergency management, but as a catalyst for changing the ways people think about network infrastructure and as a tool for strengthening social fabric itself.
It’s an idealistic goal, complicated by a familiar problem in community activism: The red tape and bureaucracy of federal funding. All grantee projects are supposed to be deployed to small-business owners — who are required by the federal government to provide onerous proof, including tax records. Some businesses lost relevant records in the storm, while others were simply wary of jumping through more tiresome hoops just to put a Wi-Fi router on a rooftop. In Red Hook, Alston called it “Sandy fatigue”: “Everyone is coming into the neighborhood [post-Sandy] with something different, but sometimes it’s more hassle than help.” As a result of this red tape and skepticism, many of the neighborhood networks don’t have quite the reach that the grantees might have hoped for. “I know a guy who owns ten buildings in Hunts Point and he said no. That’s like ten nodes [for the Wi-Fi network] and why not? Tax records? That’s bullshit,” lamented Kevin Nuñez, whose family’s automotive business N&M Transmissions has been in Hunts Point for decades and who worked closely with the Point to recruit businesses.
There’s also the question of how to maintain these networks once the grant runs out. Despite these challenges, the RISE grantees have been able to sign up businesses to participate —largely through pounding the pavement (goTenna currently has a full-time organizer on staff focused on RISE recruitment), relationship-building brokered by people like Nuñez, who already had strong ties to local businesses, and the best efforts of EDC to streamline the process. Among the RISE grantees, these telecom projects always were a greater challenge: The resiliency of a telecom network requires, well, a network of people willing to participate and maintain it in a way that, say, adding a solar panel on a building just doesn’t. By design, resilient network infrastructure prioritizes interdependence and cooperation over self-sufficiency — without strong underlying social ties, there is no localized network infrastructure. The technical complexities of building a network are a lot easier to overcome than the political complexities of building community, political agency, and governance.
Those complexities can contribute to the dominance of more top-down solutions to network infrastructure rebuilding in a disaster — which also tends to create opportunities for mercenary exploitation of disaster, as seen in the recent editorial by Puerto Rico’s Verizon-backed Chamber of Commerce insisting that killing net neutrality would help the island’s recovery. Alphabet’s implementation of its Project Loon balloon Wi-Fi network over Puerto Rico might not be as explicitly insidious as, say, Facebook’s Free Basics, but the ease with which the FCC was able to grant the company an experimental license is a telling reminder of how benevolent disaster support can also serve as a convenient R&D playground for corporations using crisis to eschew regulations.
Perhaps an equally salient measure of the success of these community-network initiatives is not merely the strength of a Wi-Fi signal or the number of nodes in the network, but the depth of the connections built through actually building that network and the connections among the people empowered to claim ownership of it. It’s a metric that speaks to resiliency far beyond natural disasters — as Nuñez pointed out to me, the south Bronx has long been a neglected borough, and projects like Hunts Point Community Wifi are building not just useful communications resources for a future emergency, but also building a community of local business owners and residents organized in the face of equally daunting emergencies of community displacement and government neglect. “If we put the power in the hands of the people, we have a better chance of surviving,” Nuñez said. “I think it’s a pretty revolutionary thing.”
After a weekend and a Monday’s worth of early celebrations, Halloween is finally here. Which means it’s time for Select All’s second annual and very official roundup of the best meme Halloween costumes of the year. Because nothing is more fun than dressing up and taking pictures of yourself in a look that, sadly, nobody will remember a year from now. (Looking at you here, guy who dressed as the video of Jolene the dog meeting a life-size Gumby.) Drumroll please … introducing, in no particular order, 2017’s best meme looks.
We’ll continue to update this post throughout the day. If you think your meme costume should be included, feel free to drop me an email at madison.kircher@nymag.com or sound off in the comments. If you dressed as the “distracted boyfriend” meme, I don’t want to see it, this version is the best version, and that’s final.
In case you need a refresher on this one.
These kids rule.
Earlier this month, Apple released the final designs for the 70 shiny new emoji that would be coming soon to an iPhone near you. And today, they’re finally, officially here. Highlights include an absolutely adorable porcupine, a cursing face that also somehow censors itself, and a curling stone (for all of your many curling-related emoji needs).
This week, representatives from Facebook, Google, and Twitter will visit Capitol Hill and try to explain what they think happened in American politics in 2016 — and what role their large and influential platforms played in it.
Last night, someone handed some Columbia Universities protesters a banner and asked them to unfurl it. The protesters, there to express their displeasure that Mike Cernovich, the far-right news figure, had been invited to give a talk by the Columbia University College Republicans, did as they were asked, and before they knew what had happened, they were touting a banner that read:
Virginia Democrat Mark Warner, Vice Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has set out a list of questions he plans to ask during his commitee’s hearing tomorrow:
If you read the news — or really, if you use any of these services on a regular basis — you likely know why these tech companies have been assembled in D.C. It’s now public knowledge that the Internet Research Agency, a group linked to the Russian government, used social-media accounts that appeared to belong to Americans to push hyperpartisan (and often factually incorrect) stories, memes, and positions about issues like police brutality, gun control, and immigration, in a semi-coordinated effort to influence the presidential election. In some cases they organized political rallies. Most significantly, in a minority of instances, the Russian accounts paid to boost certain messages into the view of other users. On Facebook alone, posts from these accounts may have been seen by 126 million people.
Kennedy’s right: Facebook is so big that it’s not clear if self-regulation is enough to solve the problems it poses. Or, really, any kind of regulation at all. Facebook’s user base is nearly a third of the world’s population, and ideas can go viral within its ecosystem cheaply, easily, and quickly: Trolls imitating American affectations, using the same tools everyone else uses, were seen by 126 million people on the network. Google is the single most important institution for obtaining information about the world — and, for hours after the shooting in Las Vegas, promoted as a top result an obvious hoax. It’s worth considering the idea that these sites are simply too large to operate as independent, for-profit companies — a heavy existential question, but one worth pressing these companies on.
Put another way, the problem of foreign interference is a subcategory of a larger and more existential question about the effects of mass digital media on politics and democracy — a question that both the government and the tech companies they’ll be interrogating seem unprepared to handle. It’s one thing to identify and protect against a single, outside bad actor like “Russia.” It’s quite another to figure out what to do when your own citizens are enthusiastic participants, from start to finish, in an attention economy that rewards misinformation and hyperpartisanship. If these congressional hearings are to be effective in really forcing the tech industry and the public to grapple with the wide-ranging effects of internet platforms on civic society, they need to ask bigger questions than the ones proposed by Senator Warner. What structural and technical factors made these platforms such a ripe target for exploitation? How can the government better regulate platforms to ensure that they act in the broad public interest? Maybe, most importantly, they need to ask: Are Facebook and Google too big?
These are good questions, worth asking and important to answer. But they’re a bit limited. For the most part, we know how Russia used internet platforms to influence the election: They used them the way Americans do. What the Internet Research Agency did to rile people up is no different than what Americans do to rile people up. And the answer to the question of how susceptible these platforms are to misinformation campaigns is, well, “very.” For all the deserved focus on political ads paid for by Russian operatives, what most worries experts about the role of internet platforms in 2016 is the “organic” stuff — the mis- and disinformation created and shared for free, not just by Russians but by cynical or misguided Americans, that can shape and direct political debate.
Constant human moderation is one solution to Facebook’s problems, but if moderation is off the table — too expensive, too slow, too bad for business — then the only alternative is to move back toward a decentralized web. If we make it more difficult to spread information, put up more barriers against nefarious infiltration, make it the law that consumers have a right to export their data, and enable them to escape Facebook and spread out and form new homes and discussion hubs online, we might do a good job of ensuring a less misinformed electorate. But unless Congress is willing to ask these hard questions, we’re going to go in circles around Russia and the election for a long time.
NO WHITE SUPREMACYNO PEDO BASHINGNO MIKE CERNOVICH
Naturally, of course, those numbers are now significantly higher:
If you think that that was the end of the story, you haven’t been following the far-right gonzosphere lately. Offenhartz writes:
This is a prime example of effective — sorry — “memetic warfare.” The alt-right understands the current far-right gonzo ecosystem, which doesn’t fact-check at all, and how potent a weapon it can be. Cernovich himself built a big following by understanding these dynamics. As a revealing New Yorker profile of him by Andrew Marantz showed a year ago, he deliberately tries out different sorts of messages — Hillary Clinton is very sick! These “refugees” I saw in Europe weren’t really downtrodden! — with no regard for their truth value, only for how well they will spread, flash flood–like, through the channels and gullies that have been carved out by @PrisonPlanet, Infowars, and Patriot U.S. News Today Now Real Web Site for Truth Definitely America Based. Cernovich and the other most effective purveyors of this garbage know exactly which sorts of outrageous content is most likely to echo — it’s not an accident that Cernovich went after Vic Berger, one of his more persistent internet enemies, by falsely calling him a pedophile late last year.
Think about the broader stakes here. This isn’t just about the spread of dumb, bizarre, eminently unbelievable conspiracy theories about liberal college students marching to defend pedophiles. We may be approaching an epistemic breach unlike anything the United States has seen before. What is going to happen when Robert Mueller’s investigation is done? Or when a new Trump scandal, bigger than anything that has previously come out, drops? It may well be the case that an untenably high percentage of the country will not believe any news, no matter how well-supported, that casts their side in an ill light, and will believe any news, no matter how impossible-seeming, that denigrates their ideological enemies. How do you run a country in which 30 or 35 percent of the population believes that Democrats ran a secret child sex ring out of a pizza parlor, that ISIS controls certain towns in the Midwest, and that Columbia students are openly marching in defense of pedophilia? Where does all this madness drag us?
It’s always been the case that people believe and spread false rumors. It’s a baked-in aspect of human nature. But we’ve reached a point where it would be difficult to accurately grasp and describe the full scope of what has been uncorked by social media. The threshold for fake news to catch on is now so, so low that even a cheap, five-second stunt like the one pro-Cernovich counterdemonstrators pulled off last night can almost instantly launch an international conspiracy theory.
As Jake Offenhartz recounts in a compelling write-up in the Gothamist, he snapped a photo of the sign and, in the hopes of preventing this stunt from gaining legs, tweeted out that it had been the work of counterdemonstrator tomfoolery:
Update, October 31, 2017, at 3:41 p.m.: A Google spokesperson provided the following explanation for the Docs issue. “This morning, we made a code push that incorrectly flagged a small percentage of Google Docs as abusive, which caused those documents to be automatically blocked. A fix is in place and all users should have full access to their docs. Protecting users from viruses, malware, and other abusive content is central to user safety. We apologize for the disruption and will put processes in place to prevent this from happening again.”
You can get these emoji — and many, many more — by simply updating your iPhone to the latest version of iOS 11. Just open Settings, navigate to General, click Software Update, and follow the instructions.
The good news is that senators seem to recognize, at least in part, the nature and the scale of the problem that currently confronts us. In today’s hearing, a separate meeting with the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Dick Durbin asked a pointed question of Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch: “How are you gonna sort this out consistent with the basic values of this country when it comes to freedom of expression?”
Even if “vile” content couldn’t be an ad, Louisiana senator John Kennedy expressed a large and correct amount of skepticism that even for paid ads, Facebook was at a scale at which moderation could be sidestepped. “You have 5 million [monthly] advertisers and you’re gonna tell me that you’re able to trace the origin of all of those advertisements?” Stretch began talking about Facebook making an effort to do its best, but that wasn’t the point of Kennedy’s question. His point was to highlight that Facebook’s stated commitment to solving the problem of deceptive advertisers doesn’t match its current ability to do so.
Text wisely, my friends.
Daring Fireball blogger John Gruber is normally a fan of almost everything Apple does. But his last few posts are hopping mad. The reason? Apple’s decision to invite relatively unknown vloggers (and, uh, Popular Science) to its luxe Tribeca loft last week, and let them film hands-on impressions of the phone — and then let them publish those videos about 16 hours earlier than the majority of major outlets offered up their own written reviews.
Here’s Gruber:
Normally, Apple (and most tech companies) will roll out new phones and products by giving loaner press units to certain media outlets. A writer will get a phone about a week before the phone goes on sale or becomes available to the general public. The tech company will also have a strict “embargo” on when a review can be published — that’s why all of the YouTube first impressions went up at 2 p.m. ET on Monday, and all of the full reviews went up at 6 a.m. ET on early Tuesday. (Some outlets that have been friendly with a tech company will also get early embargoes, giving them a leg up on the competition. Tech journalism is, at heart, disgusting.)
It’s a big deal because a good iPhone review (or winning the top search result for “iPhone X review”) can bring massive amounts of traffic. The iPhone is still the best-selling model of phone by a wide margin, the reading public is thirsty for information about it in a way that isn’t true of any other phone on the market, and Apple is notoriously good at manipulating the press, mainly by freezing out any outlet that goes against it. (Gizmodo was banned from attending major Apple announcements for five years after angering Steve Jobs by publishing a story about an unreleased iPhone 4 someone left behind at a bar.) For a solo blogger like Gruber, there’s also a certain amount of prestige associated with getting an early look at the phone — a recognition from Apple’s mysterious powers that be that you’re a “thought leader” or “tech influencer.” But Apple decided to break with tradition this time around, and that’s ruffled a few feathers.
The YouTubers weren’t the only reviewers allowed to publish their takes earlier than other reviewers. Steven Levy at Wired, one of the four original reviewers of the first iPhone in 2007, was also allowed to publish his first impressions yesterday, though his piece was more of a “look at how far we’ve come” think piece than a “does Face ID really work” review. Mike Allen at Axios was allowed to publish early, but he decided to hand the X off to his 14-year-old nephew for testing. (Also Mindy Kaling got one and is reviewing it for Glamour, and so did The Ellen Show, which tore down the iPhone X after its announcement in September.)
Recode’s Dan Frommer offered his own mild rebuke of YouTubers getting the scoop on outlets like the Verge, TechCrunch, or CNET:
Even once the embargo on full reviews dropped on Tuesday morning, there was a delineation between outlets. Some places, like TechCrunch and BuzzFeed, got more than a week with the iPhone X (TechCrunch even took it to Disneyland) before publishing on Tuesday, while others, like the Verge and CNET, only received the phone on Monday, so had to publish their very rushed impressions (or, as CNET gamely put it, a “living review” that’ll update as the writer gets more time with the phone).
There’s some irony in someone like Gruber bashing the work of YouTubers. After all, Gruber’s blog, Daring Fireball, became a fixture in online media (and, until this cycle of iPhones, usually netted Gruber an iPhone for review before the general public) because of Gruber’s obsessive work ethic, his talent for sharp insight into Apple, and his willingness to throw elbows at what he considered bad coverage of Apple. In a way unimaginable 20 years ago, Gruber was able to build out his own business through writing, without backing of a major publisher.
Put another way, Gruber is the beneficiary of the same forces at work that made these YouTube channels viable outlets for Apple to allow first impressions: He’s leveraged the potential for anyone’s blog or YouTube to reach millions of people to create his own business. YouTubers do much the same, working long hours, usually without the umbrella of a corporation behind them, to build up their own business. The difference between a blog and a YouTube channel is one of degree, not kind.
You can argue that the YouTube first impressions weren’t great (though I found most of them to be about as insightful as you could hope for, given that each YouTuber only got a few hours with the phone). But behind Gruber and Frommer’s argument (or countless jokes about “pivoting to video”) is the idea that conveying information by making a video rather than typing words into a CMS for a blog post is inherently of less value. And that is, frankly, stupid. The skill set required for being good at YouTube is different than what works for blogs, and many writers (including Gruber and, uh, me) who have managed to make a living writing for the internet would struggle on YouTube for a variety of reasons.
But Apple isn’t a federal agency. It’s not under any obligation about when and how to give loaner phones to the press. It’s a very large business that makes most of its money from selling millions of smartphones to a certain segment of the phone market, and it’s rolling out its most ambitious and expensive phone since it debuted the original iPhone in 2007 (and, again, in 2007 only four reviewers got a chance to spend time with it before consumers were lining up).
More interesting is Apple’s decision about who got extended time with the iPhone X and who did not. It doesn’t fall into as easy categorization as pro-Apple outlets versus Apple skeptics (TechCrunch hasn’t been afraid to call out Apple in the past, and while BuzzFeed writer Nicole Nguyen has been mostly positive about Apple in the recent past, she’s given mild pans to some of its products before.) If you want to really read the tea leaves, Apple seemed to want to give the iPhone X a week early to outlets that would mainly write “Should I buy this?” type of reviews, and not “glimpsing the face of the future” think pieces the Verge traffics in, or “What’s the battery life like and does the 120-hz touch-panel refresh rate work as advertised?” deep looks that an outlet like CNET is known for.
Gruber and others seem miffed that Apple is behaving like a business, following a calculated media rollout plan that offers the most benefit to itself and not to reporters (or readers). From Apple’s point of view, these press reviews are useful only insofar as they manage to convince people on the fence about getting an iPhone X (and to shell out a significant sum and potentially face long wait times), rather than hold on to the phone they have now, or switch to something like the Pixel 2. It doesn’t need the press to cover the iPhone X in-depth or gain name recognition. Apple doesn’t really need the media at all. But the media very much needs the traffic and attention that a good iPhone scoop or review can bring — especially a site like Daring Fireball.
November 1 is a day meant for digging through your kid’s Halloween candy and pilfering the good stuff for yourself. If you don’t have kids, it’s a day for heading to Duane Reade and buying yourself a nice bag of newly discounted pumpkin-shaped Reese’s. On Twitter, however, November 1 appears to be the first day of the Christmas season. Tweets about playing Christmas music. About busting out decorations and sweaters. About sacrificing oneself on the altar of Mariah Carey in the hope that she’ll actually be able to hit those high notes this time. Our apologies to every other holiday between today and Christmas, you seem to have been skipped.
It’s going to be a long two months.
Earlier on Wednesday, the CIA released a trove of data recovered after the deadly raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan in 2011. Among the data is a list of some of the videos found on devices in the compound. (The CIA is not releasing any videos it deems “sensitive” or that are still under copyright.) And, well … “Charlie Bit My Finger” — a YouTube staple from 2007 that once held the title as the most viewed YouTube video of all time, which features a small British child, named Charlie, biting his brother’s finger — is on the list.
Other files that stand out are a number of instructional videos for crocheting — baby socks, stars, beanies, a “radiant butterfly” — as well as a number of Tom and Jerry files, and several other animal-related videos, like “Animal_Monkey_Never_Giveup.wmv” and “funy_cats.flv.” There’s also possibly a Jackie Chan movie on the list. Two of the videos seem to be about learning how to count, which probably indicates that at least some of these files were for kids. These file names are wedged in among hundreds of thousands of others, many of which are nonsense strings of code, but a few of which have English titles — “Jack_Hensley_beheaded.wmv” — that you’d probably be less surprised to find on the computers of a man who was once the most wanted terrorist in the world.
If there’s a single social network built for fandom, it’s Tumblr, the weird, indie(-ish) collaborative social network built upon obsession and iteration. Doctor Who, the Marvel movies, One Direction, K-pop, Steven Universe, anime, dank memes, you name it: If there’s a particular bit of pop culture you care about beyond the point of normalcy, Tumblr is where you go to uncork that pent-up urge.
And of all of Tumblr’s thousands of obsessive fan blogs, there is none more infamous than the blog Constable-Frozen. As you might gather from the title, the blog focuses on the Disney animated hit Frozen. It consists entirely of context-free collections of Photoshopped images, presented without any caption, description, clarification, or explanation. The blog is, in a word, baffling, and has gotten stranger over time. Take this anime-inspired photoset in which Anna kills Hans with a katana.
Or this one, where Elsa is rendered small, kept in a Pringles can, and fed an enormous Pringles potato chip.
It is thanks to inexplicable and fascinatingly weird edits like these — and others incorporating other Disney properties, like the film Moana or the Marvel Cinematic Universe — that Constable-Frozen has developed a sizable cult following on Tumblr. It was exactly the sort of confusing, gonzo, excessive expression of fandom that Tumblr traffics in and excels at, and its anonymous creator’s mysteriousness only added to its allure. In a fractal expansion of obsession not uncommon to Tumblr, the fan blog gained its own fandom, and the legend of Constable-Frozen grew, even as the mind behind it stayed in the shadows.
And then, last week, something odd happened. Constable-Frozen posted this edit, featuring characters from the Disney film Tangled.
Over the years, the blog has broadened its focus to include other Disney animated film besides Frozen, but immediately, you can see that something is off. Namely, three characters are depicted in explicit bondage situations, and one character is wearing a ball gag. Not exactly Disney fare!
Tumblr users became, well, concerned. As user Portaltwo explained, “I am genuinely so fucking afraid of this post. There’s no context to it at all, as per the usual of constable frozen, but I desperately need context for this post in particular.”
“Is this a fetish? Is this constable frozen’s fetish? Are we unlocking constable frozen lore? I’m going to cry,” they continued.
The post has spurred users to revisit the entire corpus of Constable-Frozen posts, which is now, in retrospect, incredibly and very weirdly horny. There is the post where Olaf the snowman drinks milk, makes ice cream inside himself, and then feeds it to Anna and Elsa like a baby bird.
As BuzzFeed reporter Ryan Broderick elaborated on Twitter, other posts have involved odd ice-cream food-play, and one post involves the Frozen duo eating another character’s ramenlike hair.
The news has sent Constable-Frozen’s many followers into a tizzy. Is Constable-Frozen, in fact, a vore blog? (Vore, short for “vorarephilia,” is a fetish defined by Wikipedia as “characterized by the erotic desire to be consumed by, or sometimes to personally consume, another person or creature, or an erotic attraction to the process of eating in general.”)
We spoke briefly through Google Translate on both ends. Shin told me, “I was impressed with Frozen, so I started making pictures,” and that he gets his ideas from “Japanese comics, Hollywood movies, and my brain.” He likes Disney a lot, and “Frozen, Tangled, Big Hero 6, Zootopia, and Moana” are some of his favorites (they have all appeared on the blog at some point). He also seemed to express surprise when I referred to the Tumblr as popular.
But what I really wanted to ask about was the fetish aspect, which is difficult to approach when there’s a language barrier and it involves Disney characters projecting ice cream from their mouths like soft serve and eating each others’ hair. I asked what was happening in the Tangled ball-gag post, and he answered, “Hmm … well,” and did not elaborate.
I told him, “Some Tumblr users assume that your blog is a fetish blog. Is that true? (Also, are you familiar with vore?)”
He replied definitively: “My blog is not a fetish blog. I hate vore.”
Still, the gulf between artist and audience is wide. One person’s hobby is another’s fetish. Vore is in the eye of the beholder.
What this whole ordeal has led to is the realization that for years, what seemed like a curious remixing of children’s entertainment might have actually been a Tumblr user being “horny on main” — the term for someone transparently expressing sexual desire in their primary online presence, rather than using an anonymized side account. (If you need an example of being horny on main, think Anthony Weiner accidentally tweeting a dick pic.)
As the wiki entry on TV Tropes states:
I have been trying to find Constable-Frozen for at least a couple of years, but the account holder didn’t respond to direct messages on Tumblr. So a few months ago, I decided to do some digging. The earliest posts on the Tumblr linked to a South Korean forum, which I couldn’t parse at all. Thanks to the magic of Google Translate, however, I found bread crumbs leading to a YouTube channel (featuring an Elsa/Iron Man mash-up, also present on the Tumblr blog, with 500,000 views) and a dormant Instagram account featuring Disney paper craft. Through associated WHOIS records, I was able to find an email address for the mysterious poster, who confirmed this morning that his name was Shin Chul and that he ran Constable-Frozen.
Others agree:
Thanks to testimony this week from representatives of Twitter, Facebook, and Google to the Senate Judiciary Committee over what the heck happened online during the 2016 election, House Democrats on the Intelligence Committee released the ads Russia purchased and ran during and after the election. The subject of the ads range from pro-Trump and Clinton-hating spots — Satan arm wrestling with Jesus who is determined to keep him, and Hillary Clinton, from winning — to anti-Muslim rhetoric, to ads targeted at people involved in the Black Lives Matter movement.
The history of gaming phones is pretty ignominious. There was the Nokia N-Gage, put out in 2002, that looked a bit like a Game Boy and a cell phone had their DNA mixed up in some horrifying The Fly-type experiment, and quietly killed after one redesign. Sony tried its own version with the Xperia Play in 2011, which included a slide-out game pad, but the phone was a thick chunk of plastic that debuted at the same time smartphones were becoming slimmer and switching to using mainly metal and glass, and failed to thread the needle of being both a good phone and a decent gaming device.
So I was more than a little surprised when I showed up for a press briefing with gaming manufacturer Razer and found myself not looking at a gaming laptop or ultraprecise gaming mouse, but a smartphone. The Razer Phone, available starting today for $699, is attempting to go right where other gaming phones went wrong.
The phone itself is a beast when it comes to specs. It sports a Snapdragon 835 processor, 8 GB of RAM (or double what you see in a Samsung Galaxy 8 or Pixel 2), a huge 4,000 mAh battery (the iPhone 8 Plus has a 2,675 mAh battery, for comparison), Dolby Atmos stereo speakers, and a 5.7-inch LCD HD display.
It starts with the fact that, from across the room, you can’t really tell you’re looking at a phone built for gamers. It stands out in a sea of rounded corners with its sharp 90-degree edges, but otherwise is a slim 8-mm aluminium smartphone that sits easily in the hand. (It looks almost exactly like a NextBit Robin, which makes sense, as Razer acquired NextBit at the beginning of 2017). Overall, the fit and finish feel up to the standard of the $699 flagship phones they’ll be competing against — it looks sleek, not like an energy drink.
Razer emphasized that its ambitions are not to take over the phone market, but simply to build a phone that lives up to the company’s “for gamers, by gamers” tagline. The Razer Phone does that; if my only platform for playing games was a phone, I’d buy the Razer Phone. I have more options, but there is a whole generation of gamers that have skipped the PC for the mobile phone. The problem Razer faces is that a lot of them live in China and Southeast Asia, where competition among manufacturers like Huawei, Xiaomi, and OnePlus is fierce and price sensitive. I admire any phone that attempts to do something different in the smartphone market, and for those who spend a ton of time playing games on their phone, the Razer Phone is a compelling offering; that screen really is buttery smooth in action. But I’ll be very curious to see exactly how many people decide the Razer Phone is for them — and if the Razer Phone can break the streak of bad luck gaming phones have faced in the past.
So, who’ll be buying this phone? The Razer Phone was supposed to launch alongside Tencent’s Arena of Valor (or, as it’s known in China, Honor of Kings), which is currently the world’s most profitable mobile game, despite not being available in the U.S. But the North American release of the game was pushed back to early 2018. Beyond that, the most popular Android games tend to have simpler graphics — Subway Surfers (No. 3 on the Google Play store’s free-games chart) runs just fine on my two-year-old Nexus 5X. The Nexus 5X may not get the 90 to 110 frames per second I was seeing on the Razer Phone, but I can also buy a brand-new one for 200 bucks. Razer says it’ll be working with game-makers like Tencent and Square Enix to optimize performance for its phone, including a mobile port of Square Enix’s RPG Final Fantasy XV Pocket Edition, which will appeal to those who prize graphics above all else, but if I’m a gamer with $700 to spend, do I want to sink that into a smartphone that’ll run Android games really, really well, or upgrade the graphics card on my gaming rig?
The display itself is where Razer is attempting to stand out from the crowd, with a 120-Hz refresh rate. In plain English, that means the phone can show up to 120 frames per second. (The only other piece of mobile hardware I’ve used that does this is the iPad Pro — most phones are set at 60 MHz, and thus capped at displaying 60 frames per second). The effect is distinct, even if you’re just killing time by reading something on your phone — scrolling down suddenly feels much smoother and more responsive — and shines when playing a high-end 3-D game. I played a few rounds of Riptide GP2, and was duly impressed by the frame rate, which hovered around 90 to 110 frames per second.
Other features on the phone make less sense to me. The phone has stereo speakers that can get earsplittingly loud, but even at home, I can get better sound by popping on a pair of headphones. And Dolby Atmos surround is neat in theory, but I just don’t use my phone’s speakers that much. (And popping in those headphones will mean some pairing: The Razer Phone doesn’t come with a 3.5-mm headphone jack.) There’s also the matter of carriers: Razer currently has no carrier partners in the U.S. and is a GSM-band-only phone (meaning the only major carriers you can use with it are AT&T and T-Mobile).
At some point, every society must confront the existential questions that undergird its very existence. Questions like: Did comedian Jerry Seinfeld — fresh off of a nine-year run of prodigious success in a sophisticated and beloved sitcom — really make an animated children’s movie about a bee falling in love with a human woman (voiced by Renée Zellweger)? Did this movie really somehow become the source of a seemingly endless parade of increasingly abstruse memes on Tumblr and other social-media platforms? Did 15 million people really watch a video titled “The entire bee movie but every time they say bee it gets faster”? Did Vanity Fair actually declare that “Bee Movie Won 2016”? How the heck did we get here? Has it really been exactly ten years since the release of Bee Movie?
First, let’s start with the facts.
(1) In 2007, on planet Earth, DreamWorks studios released an animated children’s film titled Bee Movie (tagline: “Born to Bee Wild”).
The film, described as a “hit comedy” in its original 2008 back-of-the-DVD blurb, stars a bee, Barry B. Benson (Jerry Seinfeld), who — upon realizing that he is doomed to a life of fruitless, unending labor inside a system that devalues the lives of its workers — decides to fly outside the hive in an attempt to experience some sliver of excitement before resigning himself to a life of monotonous work that will surely end in his own demise. (This is all 100 percent straight from the Bee Movie script; you can fact-check me.) Once outside, he meets a human florist named Vanessa and falls for her after she saves him from being squished to death by her boyfriend, Ken — the only reasonable individual in the entire film — who is allergic to bees, and didn’t want to, you know, die. For reasons that are too complex to get into here (if you haven’t seen the movie, please go watch it now, I urge you), Vanessa ends up leaving her human boyfriend for Barry, who, may I remind you, is a bee. She then helps him sue the human race for stealing honey from bees around the world. Somehow, they win, which leads to all of the world’s honey being returned to the bees, which, in turn, causes flowers everywhere to begin to die due to a lack of pollination. (I’m not technically a scientist but this checks out.) So Barry ends up flying a plane (?) full of roses from the Pasadena Tournament of Roses to Central Park in order to pollinate the world, which somehow works and everyone is saved.
(2) This was Jerry Seinfeld’s first venture after Seinfeld, and thus, he promoted the crap out of it.
Please enjoy this video of Jerry Seinfeld in a giant bee costume zip-lining through Cannes (yes, that Cannes).
Bee Suit Seinfeld also starred in this absolutely absurd live-action trailer for the film, and a number of other equally bizarre shorts (one of which is literally called ’Welcome to Hell’?!).
(3) It didn’t exactly do well … at first.
Shockingly, this tale about beestiality and the fruitlessness of labor in a system of production — one that was, and still is, billed as a movie for children — did not kill it at the box office back in 2007. Roger Ebert gave it two stars and included a Karl Marx quote in his rather baffled review of the film, and even Jerry Seinfeld himself said: “I remember standing in the back of the theatre and it wasn’t great, but it was decent and, and I remember listening to the laughs and thinking, These laughs are shit. That was not worth it.”
(4) Somehow, now, ten years later, it is both a meme and more-or-less universally beloved (or at least tolerated).
????
Answering the question of how all this happened is more difficult than it seems. The usual responses like “Because internet,” or “Probably something with Tumblr or 4Chan,” aren’t acceptable here. After some careful digging, I’ve come to discover a timeline I believe may provide some answers.
This story comes in seven parts: Sincerity, Virality, Propulsion, Sexualization, Weaponization, Acknowledgment, and Fracture.
Let’s begin:
Stage 2: Virality Tumblr — Tuesday, December 4, 2012
Stage 3: PropulsionTwitter — Tuesday, January 29, 2013
Stage 4: SexualizationFanfiction & Tumblr — Saturday, March 16, 2013
Stage 5: WeaponizationFacebook & Tumblr — Monday, September 9, 2013
Stage 1: SincerityTumblr — Sunday, February 20, 2011
What’s important to understand is that this post is presented entirely sincerely. Someone was inspired by this image and quote from Bee Movie, and wanted you to feel inspired too. And it seems to have struck a chord: Against all odds, this trend of genuine appreciation for a somewhat-poorly-received 2007 animated film about bees continued through 2011 and 2012, reinserting Bee Movie into Tumblr’s general cultural awareness.
But as always happens on Tumblr, once something has entered the site’s collective consciousness, its sincerity will heighten into the realm of absurdity — where the viral lives. Put another way, once you start seeing enough sincere Bee Movie memes, you can’t help but take them in a different direction. Usually, this transformation happens gradually — a few persistent absurdists converting the normie world bit by bit. For Bee Movie, however, it happened all at once. On December 4, 2012, Tumblr exploded with absurd Bee Movie memes. And though there was seemingly no rhyme or reason to this mass conversion, it stuck.
Once Bee Movie had moved into “Tumblr meme” status, it was only a matter of time before it seeped out to other hubs of internet culture — like Twitter. Tumblr’s obsession with Bee Movie continued on well into 2013, but it was Jason Richards, the man behind the wildly successful Twitter account @Seinfeld2000, who helped elevate Bee Movie from a forgotten film to an all-purpose joke.
Richards’s role in this story is by far one of the most curious, as he claims to have never seen a Bee Movie meme before tweeting about it in late January of 2013. (He was just searching for new Seinfeld-related material for his Twitter persona to riff on.) This perhaps speaks to the inherently ineffable nature of memes, which often have various (entirely distinctive) starting points.
Back on Tumblr, Bee Movie’s popularity only continued to grow as more and more users got swept up into the joke. On March 16, 2013, someone on Tumblr discovered The birds and the bees, an incredibly not-safe-for-work-or-life Bee Movie fanfiction story written in the literary genre that would soon be dubbed “beestiality.” Bee Movie had gone adult.
(I cannot in good conscience include a screencap of the actual fic itself here, so, instead, please enjoy these reviews:)
The birds and the bees was an instant success, garnering hundreds of comments only one day after publication, and inspiring a number of spiritual successors. (You can listen to a dramatic reading of one of the most popular sequels, She Wants the B, here, but I strongly urge you not to.)
In 2013, a Tumblr user uploaded screenshots of her Facebook friend posting the entire script on someone’s Facebook Wall:
This trick — which could cause the unwitting victim’s phone to crash — quickly became a standard internet prank, thanks in a large part to the efforts of Pastebin user KIDOUYUUTO, who uploaded the entire script (which had been lifted from Script-o-Rama) to the site. It would go on to wreak havoc across a number of platforms over the next two years, reaching its zenith in 2015 — when the Facebook page “bees don’t exist” posted the entire Bee Movie script as a life event.
(Why? Why not?)
Between 2011 and 2015, Bee Movie had gone from sincere to absurd to, uh, weirdly sexy, to aggressively weaponized. On June 8, 2016, it was finally recognized by the man at its center: Jerry Seinfeld. In an AMA on Reddit, the comedian speculated on a possible Bee Movie 2 (imaginary tagline: “Plan Bee”):
Did this mean that what he said in the AMA could be overridden? Was there still hope? Bee Movie fanatics everywhere went wild. But Seinfeld was silent in response.
The final (and in my opinion, greatest) stage of Bee Movie memery is defined by cinematographic fracture, a fancy name I’ve given to a somewhat simple (albeit utterly bizarre) technique first practiced by comedian and self-declared memelord Darcy Grivas in his now-infamous video, “Bee movie trailer but every time they say bee it gets faster.”
Though this style of editing had been seen before — in remixes of a song from the Icelandic children’s show Lazy Town called “We Are Number One” — Grivas’s version was the first to truly hit it big. His follow-up video, “The entire bee movie but every time they say bee it gets faster” garnered more than 11 million views and 33,000 comments within just two weeks of posting.
Its immense success would inspire (literally) thousands of other videos and would permanently launch Bee Movie memes into the mainstream — leading to coverage from countless major news outlets and blogs. (Including us, of course.) Vanity Fair of all places would go on to claim that “Bee Movie Won 2016,” and perhaps they were right.
But if so, where does that leave us? Is this the end of an era? In tracking the rise and fall of Bee Movie and its various, seemingly inevitable memes, there seems to be a definitive end: right now. We are 11 months and two days into the Year of Our Lord 2017 and there is not a Bee Movie meme in sight. Is it dead? Did we kill it? That it took this long to milk the film for every last drop of meme-ability is valiant in itself — I mean, it has been ten years. But even now, with all the evidence at hand, I hesitate to pronounce its death, as when it comes to Bee Movie, I know only one thing with certainty:
Two months later, Seinfeld brought it up again on Twitter:
It’s been a tough few weeks — months, actually make that years — for the tech world. Facebook and several other major players are testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee over the role tech played in the 2016 election, including how Russia was able to buy fake ads and create fake content viewed by more than 150 million people on Facebook. Twitter is flailing its arms, running in circles, and trying — emphasis on trying — to change its rules to make the platform less of a hotbed for abuse and literal Nazis. Equifax happened. Amazon wants you to buy a wireless lock and a camera and to let delivery people into your home while you’re not there. Google shipped a number of new smart speakers that were actually recording and sending every word their new owners said to the company. (This glitch has since been patched.) Scary stuff. The kind of stuff that should maybe make us all take a step back and question tech’s role in our lives and how much we need it there. Or at the very least, why we need it there. Comedian and actor Kumail Nanjiani addressed some of these issues on Twitter yesterday in a surprisingly insightful ten-tweet thread. Turns out the guy on Silicon Valley (show) might know a thing or two about Silicon Valley (real).
Kumail. Thank you.
If you’re a journalist who covered Tesla’s recent mass layoffs — and the subsequent lawsuit filed by one of the hundreds of workers in California who were recently let go — Elon Musk has one word for you, “Shame.” Literally. As in Musk uttered the aforementioned word at journalists on a corporate call yesterday. Which, naturally, said journalists went and blogged about.
On Twitter, others who were on the call are reporting the same “shame” shouting. And also something about how those particular journalists have “low integrity.”
Traditionally, congressional hearings that prominently feature the internet — or technology in general — have led to some of our national legislature’s most embarrassingly clueless moments. (Remember when Alaska senator Ted Stevens compared the internet to a “series of tubes”?) But this week, in three congressional hearings held over the course of two days, representatives from Facebook, Google, and Twitter faced a barrage of often very sharp of questions from lawmakers over how their platforms were used and abused throughout the electoral process. It’s almost — almost — enough to make one optimistic for an appropriate and adequate legislative response: Congress is so close to getting it.
“It,” in this case, being both the scale and the nature of the threat posed by megaplatforms like Facebook and Google, not to mention those companies’ inability or unwillingness to self-regulate. While ads purchased by fake, Russian-linked accounts were the pretext, and often the subject, of the hearings, it was clear in the questioning that legislators understand that immense, centralized search and social media like Google and Facebook warp the political process in ways we’re still beginning to understand — and that neither company can be trusted to fix this on its own.
Can the companies moderate this content effectively themselves? Almost certainly not! In maybe the week’s most blistering testimony, Louisiana senator Joe Kennedy said point-blank that Facebook couldn’t possibly mind its entire store of advertisers. “I’m trying to get us down from la-la land here. The truth of the matter is you have 5 million advertisers that change every month, every minute, probably every second. You don’t have the ability to know who every one of those advertisers is, do you? Today, right now. Not your commitment, I’m asking about your ability.” If it can’t verify the origin of 5 million advertisers, the idea of verifying the authenticity of 2 billion users is laughable.
The conversation broadened at points though to talk about the more concerning issue of how those sock puppets used Facebook’s free services to sow discord. The vast majority of posts attributed to Russia did not directly reference the election, but instead focused on divisive issues that the election centered around: immigration, gun control, LGBT rights. The problem with these posts, as Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch put it, was authenticity: it was not that paid Russian trolls were swarming online debate with “vile” (as he put it) far-right stances, it was that they were doing so under the guise of being Americans. North Carolina senator Richard Burr highlighted a situation in which right- and left-wing people were manipulated to counterprotest each other in Texas. Both sides were driven by Facebook groups attributed to Russia.
Vermont senator Patrick Leahy came sooo close to articulating the terrifying underlying issue when he put up a big board of political content taken from Facebook the day of the hearing. “These strongly resemble pages you’ve already linked to Russia. … Can you tell me that none of these pages were created by Russia-linked organizations? It’s very similar.” He’s not wrong! It’s not just that Facebook had trouble distinguishing between Russian and American accounts — it’s that users can’t either.
Yesterday, Virginia senator Mark Warner excoriated the company’s reps: “We’ve raised these claims since the beginning of the year, and the leaders of your companies blew us off. Your earliest presentations show a lack of commitment and a lack of resources.” Sure, maybe the companies were just short-sighted, but that’s doubtful. Their business models necessitate their being as accepting of user-generated content as possible, even if they find it detestable. (Fun detail: While Facebook’s general counsel was testifying before Congress about how much the company respects the American electorate, Mark Zuckerberg was courting Chinese president Xi Jinping and preparing to announced billions of dollars in revenue this quarter.) But in congressional hearings about the destabilization of American democracy, none of the companies could come right out and say that taking on the onus of censorship was a bad business proposition. The implication was still there, however, looming over everything: These companies are not going to solve this problem themselves.
Why, you might ask. Please look carefully at the following image:
Below its frozen, dead eyes, and that fixed (serial-killer-esque) grin, sits a disturbing stack of ingredients. Let’s break this down:
Lobster. Peacock. Hiking boot. Lacrosse stick. Microbe. These are a few of the 67 proposed emoji for the next batch of pictographs due in 2018. Each image must be debated and voted on by the Unicode Consortium — the governing body of emoji — before it can be added to the existing emoji lexicon. Each one — including the frowning-poop emoji.
Like the Snapchat Dancing Hot Dog of lore and legend, the Dancing Burger is an animated food item with a cute face and stick arms that dances on whatever surface your camera is pointed at. However, unlike its charming, beloved predecessor, the Dancing Burger is eerie and disturbing.
The LettuceFirst, there’s some lettuce, a reasonable, admirable choice to top a burger. And although it doesn’t seem to be secured by any sauce or mayolike condiment, it’s indisputably a modern classic.
The PattyThen, there’s a patty. Okay … Not the most inventive choice ever, but still somewhat respectable. Perhaps Snapchat likes to keep things simple?
The Tomatoes??This is where it starts to get wild. Underneath the first patty there are … tomatoes. What?! Tomatoes … under the burger? Unfortunately, it’s just getting started.
The CheeseCheese is good — but not next to tomatoes. But here’s where it gets wild.
ANOTHER PATTY?!?!?!What the hell is going on here?! Why in God’s name would you put the second patty after the tomatoes??? The sheer physics alone is problematic enough! Have any of the designers involved with the creation of this scourge upon humanity ever actually seen (or tried to consume?!) a burger? What would this monstrosity taste like if brought to life?
To find some answers, I traveled to Black Tap Burger, which Google described as a “modern burger joint.” After studying a picture of the Dancing Burger, a manager agreed to speak with me about this culinary crisis, under the condition of anonymity.
“I can tell you right off the bat that it’s just not going to work,” he said, shaking his head. “With the tomatoes in-between the two burgers, there’s just not going to be enough friction, and it’ll slide out.” As for possible solutions, he said that if Snapchat wanted to make it more edible, it would have to “either get rid of the bottom burger or put the tomatoes at the top so they don’t slide out.”
Next, I went to M&M Market Delicatessen and spoke to the man behind the grill. After looking at the cursed image, he merely shrugged his shoulders and said, “It’s fine, I guess. I’d serve it.” And though I’m not saying his opinion isn’t valid, let it be known that a girl with Snapchat open was standing nearby during our conversation …
My last stop was Amelia’s, a classic American diner just down the street from New York’s lovely offices. As I brought out a photo of the Dancing Burger, a small crowd of employees gathered.
According to a new report from BuzzFeed, frowning poop is threatening to tear the group apart. Typographers Michael Everson and Andrew West are leading the fight against the depressed feces. “The idea that our 5 committees would sanction further cute graphic characters based on this should embarrass absolutely everyone who votes yes on such an excrescence,” Everson wrote in a memo in October. “Will we have a CRYING PILE OF POO next? PILE OF POO WITH TONGUE STICKING OUT? PILE OF POO WITH QUESTION MARKS FOR EYES? PILE OF POO WITH KARAOKE MIC? Will we have to encode a neutral FACELESS PILE OF POO?” He also argued that the new poop emoji could be used for bullying. Which. Sure. Because calling somebody a piece of shit is much more spiteful if the shit is frowning, rather than grinning.
“Why two patties?” asked Nico, a manager, while squinting hard. “Two patties reminds me of McDonald’s burger, so that means it’s no good.”
“With two patties on there, you can’t taste the meat. They’d have to be too thin, and then they’d taste like nothing,” added a passing waitress.
“It’s gotta be a nice, big single burger, maybe a slice of green lettuce and tomato on top — but never in the middle — with cheese melted on the burger,” Nico said. “That’s the only way it’s gonna taste good.”
West backed him up with a similarly capitalized memo. “I personally think that changing PILE OF POO to a de facto SMILING PILE OF POO was wrong, but adding F|FROWNING PILE OF POO as a counterpart is even worse. If this is accepted then there will be no neutral, expressionless PILE OF POO, so at least a PILE OF POO WITH NO FACE would be required to be encoded to restore some balance.” He also told BuzzFeed that things between the technical committee and the Unicode standards working group — the two groups arguing over the proposed emoji — are still “pleasant.” Which is good because I don’t give a crap about the poop emoji, but I’d really like them to hurry up will that ballet flat.
So there you have it, folks, the cold, hard facts.
And now, with Snapchat’s latest addition to its augmented-reality filters, the Dancing Burger, the scandal has reached trend-story-level proportions.
First things first: The Xbox One X, on average, delivers the best graphics you can get on consoles out today. It not only delivers graphics noticeably better than the Xbox One and Xbox One S, it appears to outstrip Sony’s PS4 Pro, which was previously leading the pack in graphics in consoles.
There’s also some quality-of-life improvements in the system itself. It’s the smallest Xbox yet and comes in a subdued matte black, meaning it fits easily into my home-entertainment setup, without the Mountain Dew vibe that some previous Xbox designs had. It runs quietly — even when rendering something at 4K and in the middle of hectic action, I couldn’t hear the fans kick in (though I also didn’t subject it to a ten-hour gaming marathon, and could definitely feel the unit heating up after keeping it on for a few hours).
But to go back to Gears of War 4, there’s a trade-off you are forced to make when picking which graphical enhancement you want. When running in “performance” mode at 60 frames per second, the game drops from 4K to 1080p, and takes a noticeable graphical hit: Atmospheric effects look more washed out, textures don’t seem quite as detailed. But switching back to “visual” mode made the game feel sluggish. I found myself wanting both. I wanted to play with the more lush visuals, but also get the smooth 60 frames per second, which is basically the goal of every PC gamer out there.
It was the “performance” mode that offered the biggest difference. Gears of War, which has traditionally always run at 30 frames per second on a console, feels much, much different running at 60 frames per second. It’s less blurry, more focused, and much, much smoother. (It’ll be interesting to see how this disparity in frame rate plays out in competitive online play, where Gears of War 4 also runs in 60 frames per second — will there be an Xbox One X 60-fps overclass that can easily gut 30-fps proles?)
Building and keeping a gaming PC current represents a larger investment of time and effort than many gamers are willing to make, and that’s fair; consoles will always be there, even as the market gets murky. But the future of consoles is starting to look a lot like the future of smartphones — iterative updates every so often, major updates more rarely, with the buyer paying to buy a whole new unit for every upgrade, and the nagging feeling that you’re not quite getting the best or the newest. The console-gaming hobby that was supposed to be cheaper and simpler than PC gaming may end up being the opposite in the end.
This isn’t surprising for a title like Gears of War 4, part of the blockbuster Xbox-only franchise that’s been used extensively to show off the Xbox One X’s graphical firepower in press previews. If you have an Xbox One X, Gears of War 4 will offer up two “enhanced” video settings: “performance” (rendering as many frames as possible) or “visual” (making it look as pretty as possible). Loading the game up on the original Xbox One and the Xbox One X on a 4K TV and switching back and forth using the “visual” mode, the textures were higher resolution (meaning a wall didn’t look quite as smeary), lighting effects were rendered with more delicacy, and objects in the far distance had a bit more detail. It looked better, though, in ways that were hard to point to exactly.
But, again, if the Xbox One X is appealing to you, I would take a moment to seriously consider building a gaming PC for your living room. Building a PC means cracking open a case and jamming stuff in there, and is, I can assure you, kind of a pain in the ass. But you may as well get messy, because consoles aren’t so clean right now.
This raises the key question about the Xbox One X: If you have $499 to spend, really care about graphical fidelity, and want to get the absolute best-looking graphics running as smoothly as possible, why not spend about $200 more and build a PC that will run Gears of War 4 at 60 frames per second and in 4K? You’ll pay less for games and have a wildly expanded universe of games to choose from — the Steam store alone represents a universe of delightfully bizarre games that are unlikely to make their way to console. You likely won’t miss out on any Xbox exclusives, either, because nearly every game that’s exclusive to Xbox is also going to show up on PC, thanks to Microsoft’s desire to merge the Xbox into the Windows 10 family of devices.
If you’ve got or are planning to get a 4K TV with HDR, can speak about the pros and cons of a locked frame rate versus variable frame rate, are dedicated to staying in the Xbox online-gaming pool, and really don’t want to deal with the hassle of building or maintaining a PC, the Xbox One X represents the best console available. If you’ve got a hulking Xbox One that’s already starting to wheeze and can spare the cash, you should upgrade, even if you’re on a 1080p TV. You’ll get a 4K TV eventually, and the jumps in frame rate are noticeable — and, to a small degree, you’ll benefit from “supersampling” 4K textures. If you haven’t bought a console this generation and want to get one, you’ve got a more difficult decision: The PS4 has the larger player base, more exclusives (and, arguably, better ones), but the PS4 Pro is also inarguably outclassed in pure graphical performance by the Xbox One X.
Early Thursday evening, Donald Trump’s personal Twitter account vanished from the platform. The account from which he foretold the future with a cartoon about a “fucking moron” years before he’d square off with Rex Tillerson. The account he used to errantly fave a tweet about how he’s unpresidential. And the account he used to loudly and dramatically warn President Obama against attacking Syria years before he, as president, would attack Syria. For approximately 11 minutes, @realDonaldTrump was AWOL. All his tweets were gone and if you checked the account page you found a “page doesn’t exist” notification in its stead.
The quiet didn’t last long, though. Minutes after it disappeared, @realDonaldTrump was back online. Twitter issued a statement saying the “account was inadvertently deactivated due to human error by a Twitter employee” and was promptly restored. “We are continuing to investigate and are taking steps to prevent this from happening again,” Twitter said.
Update 10/02/17 8:12 p.m.: Twitter has claimed responsibility for @realDonaldTrump’s disappearance, noting the account was mistakenly taken down by an employee.
Update, 11/2/2017: Helpful reader Arda K. emails a bit more context about the following video: “Let me explain what’s going on in the Turkish video. These guys are managing one of the biggest tech websites in Turkey and they also produce vlogs on YouTube.
They say that they got the phone for $5,000 by someway, they say “let it go.” In their another video, the owner of the company (the guy in the video cover) said that Apple didn’t gave the phone to them, they got it somehow.”
Update 10/02/17 10:42 p.m.: Twitter followed up on its earlier statement after an internal investigation. Turns out, the culprit was a customer-service employee whose last day at Twitter was, coincidentally, today.
That investigation didn’t take long. Later on Thursday evening, Twitter posted a follow-up statement. Turns out, it wasn’t so much a mistaken employee as a customer-service staff member dropping the mic on their final day at the company. Which is now the new gold standard for leaving a job.
Trump returned to tweeting on Thursday night after his account came back online, but he didn’t address the incident until Friday morning. He tweeted his “word must finally be getting out — and having an impact.” Which might be the most logical and rational thing he has ever tweeted. Except the part that he doesn’t realize his impact is employees willing to break major rules at their jobs to take him down. If only for 11 minutes.
Editor’s note: This post has been updated to include statements from Twitter as well as Trump’s latest tweet.
However, new reports seem to suggest that the sesame-seedy Burgergate scandal extends far beyond just Google. In fact, there appears to be a systemic issue plaguing Silicon Valley — one rocking it to its very foundation: The tech industry does not appear to know what a burger is.
Apple’s hamburger emoji, for example, correctly places the cheese on top of the burger — but bizarrely places the lettuce between the burger patty and the bottom bun, an unsettling choice that has left consumers baffled.
I’ve only spent a few hours with it, and we’re still getting to know each other, but so far, I really, really like the iPhone X. For the first time in a while, there’s a smartphone I’m excited about using.
I got up in darkness to get it. It was muggy and unseasonably warm outside as I walked through the deserted streets of Soho. I passed Fendi and Dior stores and wondered what life is like for people who actually go to Soho to shop.
When I turned the corner from Greene onto Prince Street, I saw the crowd. Probably 300 people, curved around the side of the building and then snaking back and forth between barriers. My new friend Lawrence and I were first and second in the preorder line, respectively. Nobody else joined us for a while. Eventually, Lawrence and I started chatting. He said he does something in innovation and data, and I nodded and pretended to understand. We both agreed that we weren’t sure why we were getting an iPhone X — like me, he’d bounced back and forth between Android, and wasn’t sure whether he’d keep the phone or sell it. “I really didn’t think I would be first in line,” he said, looking around with some discomfort. It was about 6:50 a.m., and the sky was just starting to pinken in the east.
On a corner of Wooster and Spring, I stopped walking and started messing around with it. The phone itself is ever so slightly thicker than the iPhone 8. It felt, I don’t know, friendly? The full-on screen is immediately beautiful. The new Face ID facial-recognition system took about five seconds to set up, and works incredibly well — after a few times using it, I kinda forgot it was there. Once I was in the office, I spent a few more minutes playing with the new gesture controls. Maybe it’s the placebo effect, but the 120-Hz touch panel (meaning the iPhone X is sensing where you’re touching the screen 120 times per second) seemed to make it quicker to respond. The OLED screen really made its presence known when I started flipping through photos — when I compared it to the LCD iPhone 8 screen open next to it, the iPhone 8 suddenly seemed washed out.
More people with preorders started to show up, and the line filled in behind us. “Most of these phones are going back to China,” said Joe, and he may have been right — there’s still decent money to be made in getting imported iPhones into China. There was money to be made here, too: Around 7:30, the first guy in line suddenly stood up, and a guy in an overcoat with the collar turned up, who looked a bit like Steve from Stranger Things if he ended up going to NYU, took his place. Another young guy with the healthy tennis glow of wealth went down the standby line, asking for Terrance, the guy holding his spot. I wondered how many of these people who’ve been lined up for hours and hours have been doing it for other people.
I’ve currently got an eBay tab open, and there are people selling phones just like the one I’m holding for $3,000. My plan, frankly, had been to buy the iPhone X, use it for a bit with a screen protector, write some stories about it, and then probably sell it and return to a midrange-budget phone. $1,000 is still so much money to spend on a phone. But this thing that I stayed up too late to preorder, woke up too early to buy, and stood in line like an asshole for — I think I’m going to keep it. Now, I just have to go stand in line at the Apple Store, buy another iPhone X, and flip it to cover the cost.
We talked to a guy who’d been camped out and had the second spot in the standby line. Joe, from Staten Island, arrived at the Apple Store at 9 a.m. on Thursday and seemed relaxed in his camping chair. “If I came here and saw the line was big, I woulda left,” he said. “But there was one other guy, so I stayed.” I asked him what phone he planned on buying. “I’m gonna get two. Maybe flip one, keep one.” I checked eBay and saw that people were already selling the iPhone X for $1,700. Making $700 for standing around for a day started to make sense. The first guy in line had been there since 7 a.m. yesterday — essentially 24 hours.
Upstairs, I sat with some genuinely friendly and excited Apple Store employees. The iPhone X needed to be upgraded to the latest version of iOS 11, and then restored from a cloud backup, and it all took some time. The employee helping me hadn’t actually seen an iPhone X yet, either, so I handed over mine and let him examine it for a while. He turned it over in his hands a few times, looked at the screen, and seemed duly impressed. After a few more minutes of watching progress bars fill up, I was done. Some Apple Store employees congratulated me again — “I think you’re the first one to get done with setup.” I tried to spot Lawrence to get his thoughts, but the crowd was bustling inside the store. I walked outside, and the line seemed to have grown even longer.
Apple Store employees took my reservation number and kept on congratulating me, like I’d won something instead of bought something. Finally, at 8 a.m., they opened the doors, and the Apple Store employees were lined up in a semicircle as Lawrence and I walked in. They all broke into loud applause and cheering, and I suddenly understood why people hate surprise parties. I wish I had just gotten my phone delivered to my house. This was a certain level of hell, and I paid a lot of money to get there.
Australia’s got a problem when it comes to broadband, namely that internet connections across the country are significantly slower than they are in other developed nations. To fix this, the National Broadband Network is in the middle of a multiyear, multi-billion-dollar project to install more efficient infrastructure across Australia. The cost of which keeps going up as yellow-crested cockatoos have taken to gnawing through the cables with their beaks. So actually, Australia has two problems: slow internet and birds.
In a post on its website, the NBN notes that current damages ring in at $80,000. That number is likely to rise, given the birds are putting their beaks through spare cables “strung on the towers for future capacity needs.” Meaning a technician has to be on-site to test if the cables are ruined. So far, NBN technicians have found eight damaged towers and estimate that another 200 could also be compromised. Each tower costs $10,000 to repair. “They are constantly sharpening their beaks and as a result will attack and tear apart anything they come across … You wouldn’t think it was possible, but these birds are unstoppable when in a swarm,” Chedryian Bresland, an NBN project manager said. “I guess that’s Australia for you; if the spiders and snakes don’t get you, the cockies will.” Ah, nature.
Apple’s iPhone X debuted in stores today. I’ve gotten to play around with it for a few hours, and can confirm that it’s all-around a pretty great phone. But the most important thing you need to know about it right now is that it’s going to change your selfie game forever.
I’m serious. Taking selfies on the iPhone X is a religious experience. Gone are the shaky-handed, perma-blurry thumb pics; in their place are selfies so well-lit and clear that your friends will think you hired a photographer.
The iPhone X selfies are exquisite for a number of reasons — the front camera now boasts a seven-megapixel camera, auto-image stabilization, and an ƒ/2.2 aperture (in layman’s terms: The front camera is freaking great for its size) — but by far, the most important is the phone’s Portrait Mode.
Ah, Portrait Mode. This incredible feature — which makes basically every photo you take look fantastic by using AI to determine which parts of your shot need to be focused, and which can be a little blurry in order to give you that ever-elusive This-Was-Totally-Shot-on-a-Much-Nicer-Camera vibe — can also technically be found on both the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone 8 Plus. But on those phones, it’s only on the rear-facing (other people) camera. What sets the X apart is that it has Portrait Mode on both the back camera and the front-facing (me, me, me) camera. Which means glorious, glorious selfies.
What Portrait Mode selfies really bring to the table is Portrait Lighting. Though Portrait Lighting was technically first introduced on the iPhone 8 Plus, it really comes into its own when used to snap a close-up picture of your own face. Portrait Lighting provides you with four different preset auto-filters that make changes to the lighting and color of your shot, which often totally removes the need for most basic edits.
If you want to get the best results, I’d recommend using Portrait Lighting only when taking selfies with a simple background. As you can see in the examples above, while the baseline photo quality is good, the busy background (and general craziness of my hair) causes the AI to mess up and misapply the Portrait Mode blur and other added Lighting effects, which isn’t exactly cute.
That being said, Portrait Mode by itself really excels when used with interesting backgrounds if you give it time to properly align the blur levels. The above photos were taken with minimal positioning, and they look pretty undeniably great for a quick street selfie. What can I say? A little bokeh makes honestly everything better.
Welcome to the wild world of the iPhone X, where the home button is made up and the notch doesn’t matter. Now that you’re living in a post-home-button world, there are a lot of changes to get used to. Back in the olden days when you could still unlock your phone using your thumb, screenshotting things was easy — you just pressed the power button and the home button at the same time, and you were good to go — but now, in the future, it’s a little bit different. Here’s how to take a screenshot on the iPhone X.
1. Open the app or image you want to capture.
2. Make sure your screen shows exactly what you want to be shot.
3. Press the side button located on the right side of your iPhone X.
4. At the same time, press the volume-up button.
5. Your screen will flash white and the image will be captured!
Your fancy new iPhone X doesn’t have a home button and that’s rad. However, it’s slightly less rad that you now have to relearn all those cool tricks and commands that relied on that extra button. Take force restarting, for example. It used to be done by simply holding down the power button and the home button at the same time, but now, in the future, that’s not possible. So here’s what you have to do.
1. Press and quickly release the volume-up button.
2. Press and quickly release the volume-down button.
3. Press and hold the side button, which is located on the right side of your iPhone X, until you see the Apple logo, and presto! You’ve restarted.
The iPhone X is here, finally, in all its shiny, bezel-free, costs-a-sizable-portion-of-your-rent-money glory. I’ll admit that I was, initially, a skeptic — I wasn’t convinced I, or really anybody, needed to drop a grand on this new phone. Wasn’t convinced, that is, until I saw a tweet containing an emoji cat singing along to “Memory” from Cats.
(TL;DR: It’s basically the same as before, just replace the home button with the volume-up button, and you’re good to go.)
Honestly, can you think of anything that costs less than $1,000 and brings you this much joy?
If you made the plunge on the iPhone X, you’re probably going to find yourself reaching for the home button a few times when you want to pull up another app. Don’t beat yourself up. You’ve been trained since iOS 4 to hit that home button twice to pull up a flip-though view — what Apple calls the App Switcher view — and see your open apps and windows. It’s just as easy on the iPhone X sans home button; here’s how to do it.
1. Swipe upward from the bottom of your screen to the middle, and hold your fingers there for a second — it’ll take a moment for the App Switcher mode to kick in.
2. Swipe at your leisure.
3. If you want to close an app, do a long press on an open app until the red “close” icon appears, and shut it down.
4. Otherwise, tap an app to jump in.
Inspired, I filmed a few of my own. It was deeply embarrassing and I don’t recommend doing this in public — say, your office kitchen — if you can avoid it.
Let’s face it, you bought the iPhone X for a lot of reasons, but one of the biggest: turning your face into a giant poop emoji. It’s all right. I’m not here to judge. I’m just here to show you how.
1. Open a conversation with another iPhone user in Messages.
2. Select iMessage apps, which is located to the left of the compose-message box.
3. Select the Animoji icon. (It looks like a monkey.)
4. Choose your favorite emoji (the poop) and tap the record button in the bottom right.
5. Become the large emoji you’ve always dreamed of.
6. Tap send when you’re ready to share!
If you are like me yesterday, still on the fence about committing the large chunk of change – and possibly wait time – involved in getting yourself one, let us use these two words to entice you: animoji karaoke. (Shout-out to Fast Company’s Harry McCracken for coining the term.) The iPhone X, thanks to the new, front-facing camera which powers Face ID, lets users create “animoji,” or videos of emoji that track the movement of their faces. When you smile, an animated pile of emoji poop smiles. When you frown, it frowns. When you raise your eyebrows, it raises its little fecal brow, too.
Forget the megapixels, forget the gigahertz, forget the wireless charging and the Face ID: Animoji karaoke is the thing that will make this iPhone. In the months, weeks, and endless reports of factory delays leading up to the new phone’s release, I’d pretty solidly convinced myself that no one needed to buy the thing. I listened to Apple exec Phil Schiller prattle off tech specs — battery life! glass on both sides! processors! — and wondered, What about this is actually that different from my perfectly functional iPhone 7 Plus?
The answer, it turns out, is the ability to use your face to make tiny cartoons sing stupid things and send them to your friends. Frivolous? Absolutely. Fun? That, too. An enormous amount of engineering and programming knowledge goes into a device as powerful and seamlessly functional as the iPhone. But as is so often the case, what makes the phone a gadget everyone needs to have isn’t the speed or the quality or the impressive technical specifications. It’s the stuff that leads to new, silly, dumb, fun social experiences. The stuff like animoji karaoke. (Now to go donate some plasma to cover the cost of said fun.)
Using Apple Pay on the iPhone X means no more using your thumb to ID yourself. Instead, you’ll be using Apple’s Face ID. No worries — it’s still dead simple to set up and get your Chipotle order without opening your wallet.
2. Switch on Apple Pay: Go to Settings, then Face ID & Passcode, and flip the switch on Apple Pay to on.
3. Add a payment method: Go to Settings, then Wallets and & Apple Pay. You can use the phone on your camera if you’re adding a credit or debit card, otherwise enter your payment info.
1. Set up Face ID. You’ve likely already done this while setting up your phone, but just in case: Go to Settings, then Face ID & Passcode, and enter your passcode. Swing your face around in a circle and look somewhat silly, and your face is registered.
4. Actually buy something: Once you’re in a store that accepts Apple Pay, double-tap the power button (the button on the left side) twice. Look down at your phone and you’ll see the Face ID icon swirl for moment. Done. Congratulations on spending money!
If you want to use Siri on the iPhone X, you can’t hold down the home button, because there isn’t one. But she’s definitely still around. Here’s how to ask Apple’s digital assistant to help you out.
1. Hold down button on the right side of the iPhone X, and Siri should pop up after a second. Ask away!
2. If you want to summon Siri without a button press, go to Settings, then Siri & Search, then hit the switch for Listen for “Hey Siri.” After that, you can say “Hey Siri” when around your phone, and Siri will pop up.
If you just dropped $1,000 on a fancy new iPhone X, you’re gonna need a case. Stat.
Despite Apple’s claims that the glass used in the iPhone X makes it the most durable smartphone ever, third-party testing seems to indicate just the opposite, CNET found that the iPhone X cracked on the first drop. As did popular YouTube channel TechRax, which found minimal damage from a side drop and significant shattering from a front drop. SquareTrade Labs even called it the most breakable iPhone Apple’s ever made.
These reports come after Apple’s recent decision to up the cost of repairing the iPhone X to a whopping $549 — $200 more than the iPhone 8 — if you don’t have AppleCare. This is pretty problematic given that the X’s all-glass design makes it doubly likely to break — not to mention the general newness of the phone, which makes third-party repairs (a.k.a. cheaper places) basically impossible for the time being.
Better start practicing your grip.
A weird bug has popped up for many iPhone users since Apple released its iOS 11.1 update: if they type a lowercase “i,” Autocorrect will replace that “i” with either a strange question-mark symbol or an A with horizontal lines next to it.
Katie Couric experienced trouble:
It’s tough to figure out the rhyme or reason for why certain devices are being hit by this bug and others aren’t. One user in Apple’s support forums posted this hypothesis:
Our own limited testing doesn’t really support this: Some phones that have updated iOS 11.1 are still affected by the bug, and other phones that are still on iOS 11.0.3 aren’t. In the meantime, here’s Apple’s official advice on how to fix the problem for now. For those who don’t wanna click through, the basic gist is:
1. Go to Settings, then General, then Keyboard, then Text Replacement.
2. Hit the + button to add a new text replacement shortcut.
3. Enter an uppercase “I” for the phrase.
4. Enter a lowercase “i” for the shortcut.
This is obviously a hacky workaround for a deeper (and weirder) problem. We’ve been in contact with Apple about the issue, and will update if they issue an official comment beyond the support advice. For now, we can confirm the text-replacement solution does fix the problem — even if we’re still not sure what’s really causing the problem in the first place.
As did Quartz reporter Mike Murphy:
There have been many, many things to own Donald Trump for since he became president. The time it took him three tries to properly spell “hereby” in a tweet. The time he faved a tweet calling him “not presidential.” That time he staged a photo shoot at Mar-a-Lago while holding a Sharpie and pretending to write his inaugural address. All very real things worthy of mockery.
If you didn’t watch the full clip, or only got your news from certain Twitter circles, you’d be likely to believe that Trump was the only one to dump his box of food. And sure, the picture of Trump appearing to lose patience with the slower feeding technique makes for a good meme, but it’s not the whole picture.
Chances are good that there’ll be another real Trump gaffe in the very near future. Until then, this piece of fake news can sleep with the koi fishes.
But today — and I can’t believe I’m writing this — Trump is getting dragged online for something he didn’t actually screw up: fish-feeding. During a stop on his 12-day trip to Asia, Trump and Japan’s prime minister Shinzo Abe fed the koi carp of Akasaka Palace. At first, the two men spooned food into the pond a few pellets at a time, but eventually, both leaders dumped their boxes into the pond. First Abe and then, likely taking his lead from the prime minister, Trump.
Last week, Juli Briskman achieved peak virality after a White House photographer snapped a picture of her biking alongside the presidential motorcade in Virginia. Well, a picture of her biking and also flipping off said motorcade. It’s a striking image. So striking, in fact, that Briskman was fired for it.
After seeing the photo, Briskman’s employer, government contractor Akima LLC, terminated her, Huffington Post reports. Her bosses said that by using the image as her profile picture on Facebook and Twitter, she had violated the company’s social-media policies. “They said, ‘We’re separating from you,’” Briskman told HuffPo. “Basically, you cannot have ‘lewd’ or ‘obscene’ things in your social media. So they were calling flipping him off ‘obscene.’” She says she told her bosses that her online presence doesn’t mention Akima LLC and that, as a contract worker, she wasn’t currently on a job for them. She also tried to argue for her job saying a colleague who called Trump a “fucking libtard asshole” on Facebook was only reprimanded, but it didn’t matter. After just six months with the company, Briskman was out.
As for life after becoming a meme, Briskman says she’s “doing better than ever.” She’d also like it known that she flipped off the motorcade “a number of times.”
After seeing the photo, Briskman’s employer, government contractor Akima LLC, terminated her, Huffington Post reports. Her bosses said that by using the image as her profile picture on Facebook and Twitter, she had violated the company’s social-media policies. “They said, ‘We’re separating from you,’” Briskman told HuffPo. “Basically, you cannot have ‘lewd’ or ‘obscene’ things in your social media. So they were calling flipping him off ‘obscene.’” She says she told her bosses that her online presence doesn’t mention Akima LLC and that, as a contract worker, she wasn’t currently on a job for them. She also tried to argue for her job saying a colleague who called someone a “fucking libtard asshole” on Facebook was only reprimanded, but it didn’t matter. After just six months with the company, Briskman was out.
If you’ve updated your iPhone to Apple’s latest operating system, you might have noticed things aren’t working so hot. There are complaints of battery drain. A weird glitch where typing the letter I renders a capital A and a symbol. And, it seems, the calculator can’t do basic addition. First spotted on Reddit, quickly typing “1+2+3” doesn’t give an answer of six.
If your phone is like mine, instead of six, your calculator tells you the answer is 23. Redditors think this is because if you type too fast, the app thinks you’re adding 1 and 23, rather than 1 and 2 and 3. Typing slower, I was able to get the math to add up to six. But we’re talking really slowly. If you’re working out some figures that actually matter — launch codes, skyscraper blueprints, how many slices of pizza to order for a room of hungry 12-year-olds — consider busting out your old TI-84 or a pencil and some paper. The iOS 11.2 can’t roll out soon enough.
Netflix has figured out pretty well how to hook viewers into watching one episode, then another, then another, until that “Still watching?” pop-up appears on your screen after several hours and you have to — gasp — raise the remote and click “yes” to watch a few more. The company is so good at it, CEO Reed Hastings explained at Summit LA last week, that they feel they’re not just competing with other entertainment options, but with necessary bodily functions. Which many users are deeming not so necessary if they stand in the way of a good binge.
From Fast Company:
Sweet streams, er, uh, dreams, folks.
Yesterday, the unthinkable happened: Snapchat — seemingly the only thing keeping millions of teens alive — went down. The effects of this global catastrophe were felt round the world as teens everywhere were forced to make do without immediate access to dancing-burger filters.
Countless devastated teens have reported lost Snapchat streaks in the wake of the Great Snapchat Outage of 2017. If your teen was affected, at least they can take solace in the fact that they are not alone in their despair.
Do any human beings work at Facebook? I ask because its latest attempt at combating misinformation and fake news on its platform involved highlighting and promoting comments that called news stories “fake.” According to the BBC, a small subset of the site’s users were served top comments containing the word “fake” on various news article, both misleading and legitimate. The idea here, one imagines, is to spotlight debunking or skeptical comments — but as anyone who’s listened to the U.S. president describe news he disagrees with as “fake” might have guessed, articles from “the BBC, the Economist, the New York Times and the Guardian” all found themselves with top comments that called the news sources “fake.”
The intention behind this test on a small subset of the site’s users is clear: promoting skeptical comments that called out news as fake or misleading and placing them adjacent to the headline might in some cases promote skepticism and judiciousness. The problem is that in an increasingly polarized media universe where facts, and more significantly, the relevancy of certain facts, are up for interpretation, a tool that classifies everything as false doesn’t really help matters much.
A series of tests performed by SquareTrade found that after just one face-down drop, the X was rendered completely unusable, with neither the “super durable” edge-to-edge screen nor the facial-verification feature working properly. SquareTrade also discovered that while a side drop didn’t technically cause any cosmetic damage to the iPhone X, it did make the screen completely inoperable, which is kinda not ideal, if you’re asking me.
Facebook told the BBC in a statement, “We’re always working on ways to curb the spread of misinformation on our platform, and sometimes run tests to find new ways to do this. This was a small test which has now concluded.” (A note about the word small: one percent of Facebook’s user base is 20 million people.) The company did not specify what, if anything, it had concluded from the test results.
Luckily, for the streakless and forlorn, there’s a way forward. Anyone who thinks their Snapchat streak has been erroneously erased can file for an appeal after 24 hours have passed. (Though Snap hopes to have the majority of them independently restored before the end of the day.)
Heads up: If you click links and buy things, New York may make a little money off the purchase. That said, we don’t recommend stuff we wouldn’t buy (or haven’t bought) for ourselves.
Please pray for your teen as they go through this tough time.
This week, social media is going to suck really bad. This is not a prediction, but a statement of fact. I know that social media will be bad — miserable, depressing, heartbroken, self-pitying, disappointed — this week because it was bad in the exact same ways exactly one year ago. This is the week of reliving the 2016 election, day by day, minute by minute, in the eternal memory of our ever-vigilant social self-surveillance tools.
This level of retention is mind-boggling, and as internet users have built up enormous corpora over the years — the world’s largest and most detailed scrapbooks — services have arisen to help sort, curate, and put that archival material to use. Chief among them is Timehop, a service that hooks into users’ other social-media profiles and creates a record of activity. Then, on the anniversary of said content, it will serve them back up to users and say, “Remember this?” Facebook has this functionality built into its own social network, tucked away in the sidebar under a section called “On This Day.” Made a fun status update or Instagram post? These services will resurface them for you. Want to be reminded of a fun night out or a beautiful vacation? Timehop and Facebook will do it automatically.
Or maybe you posted about something sad or frustrating that you’d rather not experience again? Tough luck.
There has been recently a deserved reexamination of how the internet and social media have reshaped the modern world and, in particular, American civic life. Much has been made about how these largely unscrutinized companies have created a black-box environment where content goes in, and content comes out the other end, but nobody has any real idea of how the process works, or of its scope. Facebook’s News Feed algorithm, or Twitter’s recommendation algorithm, or Google’s search algorithm are all powerful tools for spreading and relaying information, and they are tightly controlled behind closed doors.
On Wednesday, these products are about to get insanely shitty for millions of Americans. They will receive reminders of an optimistic morning — photos of “I voted!” stickers — and a heartbreaking morning after. For others, they’ll be greeted by the shocking happiness of last year’s victory and then the sudden, vitriolic opposition from the other half of the country — a half that believes we have our current president only because of a technicality or due to foreign meddling. On November 8, a fracture turned into a chasm, and the opening volleys from both sides are preserved on servers spread across the country and around the world.
Still, nostalgia features like Timehop and Facebook’s “On This Day” are informative, because they remind us that, at the end of the day, we do this to ourselves. Tech companies encourage us and give us the tools to create a long trail of easily searchable and indexable data, based on emotions that we felt in the spur of the moment and under the assumption that “the internet isn’t real.” The internet has a real object-permanence problem — if we can’t see it, it’s not there. If a tweet is no longer in the feed, if a status update is suppressed by an algorithm, if something isn’t in the first three results of a Google query, it might as well not exist. But for machines, with concerning speed and accuracy, this content always exists, and they are more than happy to throw our own actions back at us.
I don’t subscribe to Timehop and I actively avoid the Facebook “On This Day” section, because, like everyone else, my adolescent face and body looked weird as hell (and also because I haven’t posted anything on Facebook in years). There are no Instagram posts of me cheerfully donning my “I voted” sticker. There are some tweets from November 8, however, and it is at this point that, for once, I am thankful for the hard, ironic carapace that decades of internet usage have given me (November 8, 6:26 p.m.: “buzzfeed keith has called ohio for grumpy cat”). When the long tail of the internet rears its ugly head, trying to seem like you don’t give a shit sometimes pays off.
Posts on social media, tossed off on your phone and quickly buried under new content, tend to feel ephemeral, but aside from explicitly temporary services and formats (like vanishing Stories on Snapchat and Instagram) they are permanent. The angry comments you write, the stray observations you make, and the pictures you post are logged and collected by these services, usually so that they can be catalogued and used to generate ad-targeting data. The point is, your activity doesn’t vanish unless you actively decide to delete it — and even then, depending on the terms of service, it might be retained on a remote server somewhere.
For more earnest posters, however, the cyber flashbacks might be a bit more devastating. They can blame the tech companies that encourage posting and input without also encouraging users to fully consider their actions or the paper trail they leave behind. At the end of the day, however, we are the ones clicking “Send” or “Post” or “Tweet.” Amid questions of how responsible these companies need to be in protecting users from hoaxes and harassment and misinformation, should they also be required to protect us from ourselves? The answer is clearly no — unlike other algorithmic display decisions, “It’s the anniversary of your dumb post” is a simple justification. And as we log more and more of our lives online, the nostalgia gut punch is only going to get worse.
Earlier this month, an “article” was published that claimed Snapchat would be shutting down by the end of this year. It, of course, immediately went viral, spurred on by the sheer madness and panic caused by the Great Snapchat Outage of 2017, despite the fact that it was completely and utterly fake.
The (very) fake news was originally published by Channel45News.com, a self-declared “prank news publisher” whose website is adorned with the a little too on the nose message, “We do NOT support FAKE NEWS!!! This is a Prank website that is intended for Fun.”
Despite how incredibly legitimate and not at all Facebook-copypasta-esque that message sounds, it’s totally wrong. Though Snapchat may not be doing that great with the kids these days, it’s definitely staying alive for the time being.
So keep snappin’, kiddos.
To be fair to Apple, SquareTrade, which sells consumer-electronics warranties, has an interest in making the iPhone seem particularly breakable. But other testers have only gotten marginally betters results. CNET found that the screen breaks after one drop:
Think back to what you looked like on Election Day 2016. Were you taller? Thinner? Hotter? Less wearied by the eternal stream of worrying news coming out of the then-future administration? Today’s best meme captures that evolution, comparing what you — “you” likely being an actor drastically changing appearance between two roles — looked like on November 8 last year to what you look like today.
The first iteration, posted earlier on Tuesday by Lyz Lenz, features two very different Sigourney Weavers. The first looking well-coiffed in a still from Working Girl, and the second from Alien with, uh, slightly more violent vibes.
The anti–glow up is very real. Can’t wait to see what you all look like a year from now.
Since then, the “Me on Election Day 2016 Versus Me on Election Day 2017” has grown some legs across Twitter. Juicero. Tom Hanks. Hermione Granger. A sock with a cat face on it. Basically anything that looks like it has seen some tough times in the last 365 days is fair game.
The years of “hustling,” “toe-stepping,” and “principled confrontation” are officially over at Uber. The company’s historically problematic list of 14 core values has been scrapped by the company’s new CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi. In their stead, Khosrowshahi offers a crafted list of a newer, nicer Uber. Khosrowshahi published the new values in a post on LinkedIn earlier on Tuesday.
From LinkedIn:
Some of these new “norms” aren’t that different from the old Uber. “Big bold bets” has long been a tenet of the ride-hailing company. And “ideas over hierarchy” feels similar, if less aggressive, to “meritocracy and toe-stepping.” But the concept of valuing the “right thing,” rather than the thing that best benefits Uber, is very much new. Now, we’ll see if they mean it.
It’s official: After a brief test last month, Twitter is raising its iconic 140-character limit to 280. The move is the struggling social network’s latest attempt at encouraging people to post more by removing arbitrary text limits (the 140 came from SMS character limitations no longer relevant in the smartphone age).
Lest you worry that this might ruin the breakneck pace of Twitter discourse, the company has stats to point out that this isn’t the case. According to product manager Aliza Rosen, “We saw when people needed to use more than 140 characters, they Tweeted more easily and more often. But importantly, people Tweeted below 140 most of the time and the brevity of Twitter remained.” In other words, people who needed the extra space took it, but most people didn’t. Most tweets still hover around 50 characters.
The reason this is important for Twitter is that by giving users a little bit more space to talk, they spend less time trying to condense their thoughts, and more time just, well, talking. More interaction and more engagement means more users and more advertising revenue. This is helpful for English-speaking users, and as a caveat, posts in Japanese, Korean, or Chinese, which have historically never struggled with the amount of writing space, will remain at the 140-character limit.
The changes are rolling out soon, so you’ll be able to annoy your followers (or curse out Nazis) with a few more choice words.
Snapchat is finally admitting that its app is hard to use if you’re not 14. Even in its most basic version — before Snapchat became “Snap Inc.” and got into AR and hardware and maps and restaurant reservations and television — the closed platform wasn’t the most user-friendly. Beloved by younger users and feared by parents convinced their spawn were just using the app to send nudes — they weren’t, probably — the earliest iteration was a combination of unfamiliar swiping motions, puzzlingly ephemeral content, and offered no way to find other users on the platform. (It’s gotten slightly better, but only slightly.) That was just the way Snapchat worked. And if that didn’t work for you … too bad.
Except, as it turns out, that model hasn’t been working for Snap either. In an earnings letter to Snap investors today, CEO Evan Spiegel announced that the app is getting a major overhaul citing “years” of complaints that Snapchat is “difficult to understand or hard to use.” Spiegel also noted a “strong likelihood” the changes will be, at least for a little while, “disruptive” to Snapchat’s business. “We’re willing to take that risk for what we believe are substantial long-term benefits to our business.”
Overhauling Snapchat likely isn’t so much about improving the user experience as it is Snapchat trying to ensure its user base keeps using the app at all. Today’s letter also revealed the company has been losing money, a lot of it, since going public. In 2017, Snapchat’s third-quarter net losses rang in at $443.2 million compared to 2016’s $124.2 million. And Spectacles, Snapchat’s much-hyped smart glasses first released in limited number via mysterious vending machines, wound up a loss for the company, too. Snapchat significantly overestimated demand for its first piece of hardware and took a $39.9 million bath for it, according to today’s report.
This leaves Snapchat, not even a year post-IPO, scrambling to change the very core of the business model it sold on Wall Street back in March. A move which could alienate the app’s most loyal users: the teenagers who aren’t down with Instagram and Facebook’s habit of cribbing straight from Spiegel’s app and wear mastering Snap’s learning curve as a badge of honor. Plus, changing things up doesn’t necessarily mean everybody else will come running to Snapchat either. While teens call BS, other older users have been more than happy to take up with Instagram and Facebook’s streamlined and user-friendly clones. Ostensibly those users are already plenty comfortable there, so Snapchat has its work cut out for it.
Facebook has been trying to fix its problems revenge porn — explicit images and videos shared without the subject’s consent — for some time. In April, the company announced a number of new features, including a new option for users to flag and report content and using “photo-matching technologies” to stop a particular image from spreading by using AI. Apparently, Facebook really thinks AI is the best way to go. It’s currently testing another computer-based feature in Australia, asking users to send Facebook their own nudes as a preventative measure.
Yesterday, Twitter started rolling out 280-character tweets to all its users. Instead of the classic 140-character limit, now you’ll have twice as much space to share your bad takes. If you’re worried your timeline is about to be filled with War and Peace, Twitter says in a test run most users’ tweets still came in well under the 140 mark. And even if that’s not the case with your friends, chances are you’ll get over it soon. If you’re still on Twitter after all the truly bad things happening there — see here: Nazis — extra-long tweets probably aren’t going to be the final straw.
Still, there is one thing about the new Twitter that is a pain. When the platform made the jump to 280, it deleted the character counter you would see when drafting a tweet. Instead, it replaced it with a circle icon that slowly fills in with blue the more characters you write. When you have 20 characters left, the circle turns orange and the old-school counter pops back up. Which is helpful, but it would be nice to know the whole time you’re typing just how many characters you have left.
Twitter. Fixing things that aren’t broken since 2006.
Bloomberg’s Apple scoop generator Mark Gurman reports that Apple is moving fast on augmented reality. Gurman says the company is seeking to have an augmented-reality headset ready by 2019, with a product available for sale by 2020. (A quick refresher: Augmented reality is putting a digital overlay on top of the real world, ideally an overlay that can understand and interact with the 3-D, IRL space you’re in; virtual reality is putting on a headset that reproduces an entirely digital world.)
There had been a lot of speculation about Apple’s plans in augmented reality, with the company slowly hiring hundreds of people involved in the field. Some of that hiring was explained when it unveiled its vision of AR at its Worldwide Developers Conference in June of 2017, along with ARKit, a robust tool kit for making AR apps, and rolled it out for consumer phones with iOS 11. So far, the AR apps for iPhone mainly fall into two camps: home-decorating apps like Ikea Place and games like Zombie Gunship AR. There’s potential here, but no apps have currently broken through the noise.
AR as it exists on the iPhone currently is somewhat limited. It can’t “occlude” objects in front of you — if you use the Ikea AR app to try to digitally decorate your space, and your actual coffee table is in the picture, your real coffee table will always clip through anything you place in your room, even if it’s a TV cabinet against a far wall. It can only scan for horizontal surface, not vertical ones, meaning it doesn’t really understand where walls are. It also, in my limited testing, has issues with being used anywhere that isn’t brightly lit.
Still, an AR headset — especially one on such a fast timetable — is somewhat of a head-scratcher. Apple’s Tim Cook is very bullish on AR, but said earlier this year that the technology for AR headsets isn’t ready for prime time. In an interview with The Independent in October, Cook said: “[T]he technology itself doesn’t exist to do that in a quality way. The display technology required, as well as putting enough stuff around your face — there’s huge challenges with that. The field of view, the quality of the display itself, it’s not there yet.” And Apple has no plans to move forward unless it can do so “in a quality way.”
Microsoft’s HoloLens, the only AR headset out there currently, costs $3,000 and is mainly being used in industrial or enterprise solutions — think engineers wearing a headset to visualize airflow over the hood of a truck, or a university using a few headsets to teach the finer parts of human anatomy to medical students. It also suffers from having a narrow band of vision — you really only get a holographic overlay in a somewhat narrow band across your field of vision. The only other major AR company out there, Magic Leap, has the real potential to turn out to be vaporware or never make it to market. Facebook declared at its F8 conference that it wants to be the open platform for AR development, but so far that has meant some interesting demos and not much else. It’s a wide-open space — which almost argues against Apple entering it. Cupertino usually prefers to let others try to experiment in the market before moving in with its own more polished version of a product (e.g., the iPod was not the first MP3 player; the iPhone was not the first touchscreen phone; and the iPad was not the first tablet computer).
Apple has plenty of advantages when it comes to the AR market, including its own blazing-fast A-series chips made in-house, the work and research its doing in AR, and having every iPhone from the 6s onward support AR out of the box. And it does hold some (very old) patents relating to an AR headset. But while 2020 may seem distant now, it’s a relatively short amount of time when it comes to developing an entirely new piece of hardware. If you’re already planning your 2020 holiday shopping, I’d leave an Apple AR headset off the list.
Jumping the gun a little bit, Republican gubernatorial nominee Ed Gillespie (or more specifically, someone on his campaign staff) activated a little-known Twitter feature last night to celebrate his supposed victory.
On a user’s birthday, Twitter will show balloons cascading across their page. It’s cute! Last night, someone set Gillespie’s birthday to election day in order to trigger the balloons on his account. (You can also do this in Twitter’s settings, but note that there is a cap on the frequency with which you can change it. Every day can’t be balloon day, sorry.)
The only problem is that, well, Gillespie lost the race, turning his page into a cheery, colorful memorial to the racist and xenophobic Trumpism that he campaigned on. Oh well! See ya later, Ed!
The idea, according to Motherboard, is that if Facebook has an explicit image of you, it can flag it and keep it from being shared if somebody else tries to upload it. Users can do this by messaging — in Facebook Messenger — themselves a nude and marking it as a “nonconsensual intimate image.” Facebook will then store a hash of the photo — the company says the photos themselves aren’t stored — for future reference. Which all sounds good and fine in theory, but forces you to ask yourself how much you really trust Facebook. Enough to preemptively hand over your nudes?
Those Jetsons-esque fantasies of commuting to work in a flying car might not be as far off as you think. Earlier on Wednesday, NASA and Uber signed a deal to work on software for a “flying taxi” service, Reuters reports. The two will be creating a traffic system for the proposed low-altitude aviation service. Because if you’re going to have people flying to work, you’re gonna need some stoplights in the sky or something. They seemed to work for George Jetson.
In its never-ending quest for more content to fill its gaping maw, Instagram is lifting a restriction on its Stories section: You can now upload media as an Instagram Story that you didn’t record in the last 24 hours. Previously, the app only allowed users to select photos and videos from their phones that were recorded within a day at most, but now you can upload anything from your camera roll. Swiping up once in the Stories camera will reveal the entirety of your photo collection now, not just what was recorded in the last 24 hours.
This isn’t that surprising — fewer restrictions mean more opportunities to get users posting. The change, however, does erode the inherent promise of the Stories format, which is that what you’re seeing happened recently, and in most cases, spontaneously.
There were ways to fake it, of course, screenshotting an old photo would create what was technically a new image. Still, it goes against the spirit of the format. Users uploading older material will be able to add a label containing a time stamp, but it’s by no means necessary. If you have the most recent version of the app, you should see the new changes soon.
“Uber wants to make vertical take-off and landing vehicles. That will allow their flying cars to take off and land vertically,” reports CNBC. “They will fly at a low altitude.” The company first announced that it would be moving into the skies at an event earlier in 2017, teaming up with governments in Dallas–Fort Worth and Dubai, as well as several manufacturing companies. Uber plans to first launch the project in those cities, along with additional test runs in Los Angeles by the year 2020. File this one under “big bold bets” on Uber’s new list of cultural norms.
With the removal of the home button on the iPhone X, and an addition of a notch, Apple has created a $1,000 gesture obstacle-course for those uninitiated into the world of iOS. Here are the attempts of non-tech people, with no guidance, at figuring out the gestures to control the OS.
How hard is it to pick up the iPhone X and start using it without even glancing at the instruction manual? We decided to find out.
We asked seven people here at New York who hadn’t spent the last year reading every bit of news they could find about the iPhone X, and asked them to perform five tasks: Set up Face ID, get out of an app, bring up the “App Switcher” view, summon the control panel, and find notifications.
Face ID was (mostly) a cinch, and some gestures, like backing out of an app by swiping up, were picked up by everyone almost immediately. Others, like bringing up the app-switching mode by swiping up from the bottom and then holding your finger in place for a moment in the middle of the screen, were much more difficult for nearly everyone to figure out.
Of course, the setup was a bit unfair, both to the participants and to the iPhone X. We didn’t let them watch the intro video the accompanies the iPhone X when it boots up for the first time, or refer to the paper instruction manual that does go through some of the basics. That said, I had the luxury of being able to look at both, but I still had to head to the internet when trying to figure out how to force a restart. (Hit the volume-up button, then volume-down button, and then hold the power button — if you can figure that out on your own, you are a galaxy-brain genius.)
After six days with the iPhone X, I’ve largely gotten used to the basics of life on iOS without a home button. I even admire the elegance of some of Apple’s new gestures, like the way the phone uses the black notch at the top of the screen as a divider to create two distinct actions for swiping down — one on either side. (Others, like the up-and-right swipe to switch apps, are clunkier than their predecessors.)
But there’s a flip side: Every new gesture that iOS requires users to learn is one more layer of abstraction, and unlike, say, pinching on the screen to zoom, which makes a certain kinetic sense, some of the gestures can seem arbitrary at first. There’s no reason they won’t become second nature, but that “Hey, a baby can figure out how to use an iPhone” simplicity may be eroding.
It’s also worth noting that I’ve spent a lot of the last couple of years bouncing back and forth between Android and iOS, and most high-end Android phones did away with a bottom home button a while back, meaning I’ve been using plenty of phones that haven’t had a home button for a while. And the only Android user we got to try out the iPhone X also seemed the least thrown by the lack of a home button. Removing the home button after ten years may be a hurdle for some Apple users. But if someone has psyched themselves up enough to shell out for an iPhone X, learning a few new gestures shouldn’t scare them away.
Per Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, the next round of 10.5-inch iPad Pros will follow the iPhone X’s lead and remove the home button and Touch ID in favor of Face ID, and shrinking its edges down significantly. This also means that things like animoji (and animoji karaoke) will be coming to an iPad near you soon, likely in spring of 2018.
It won’t be getting an upgrade to OLED — though outside of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, there aren’t many tablets on the market that have OLED screens. (Gurman doesn’t mention this, but it’s also unlikely to have the notch seen on the iPhone X, if only because the putative iPad will have a bit more room to play with.)
Apple has seen sales of iPads surge in 2017 after two years of declines, growing overall sales by 11 percent year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2017. Part of this may be the price; Apple has aggressively cut prices on its 9.7-inch iPads, which you can snag for just $329 in the United States (and we’ve seen retail outlets lower that price to as low as $250). But the iPad Pro, which starts at $649, has also done well. While Apple doesn’t break out individual products in its earnings report, overall revenue for iPads was up by 14 percent year-over-year — meaning that Apple was selling enough iPad Pros to offset reduced prices on lower-end models.
One of the reasons Apple jumped past the iPhone 9 and named its new phone the iPhone X (or “iPhone 10,” as any Apple press person will cheerfully remind you) is because 2017 is the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone. But Apple has also said that the iPhone X is supposed to represent the next ten years of iOS as well. It looks like the next device to take a step into the future will be the iPad Pro.
Retailers are eager to snag holiday shoppers, which means that Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals are already starting to kick in, even for online shopping. Here are some of the best deals we’ve found so far on gadgets, gizmos, and everything in between — and if we’re linking to it, it’s on sale now.
Facebook’s founding president Sean Parker — Justin Timberlake in The Social Network, if that’s how you keep track of the platform’s key players — sat down with Axios’s Mike Allen at an event in Philadelphia this week. Parker, who now chairs the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, was there to discuss advances in cancer research — but nevertheless managed to squeeze in a few comments about building Facebook. What he had to say is not going to make Zuck happy.
Confirming what you basically know, but probably don’t want to think about too closely, Parker explained just how he and the other early Facebookers built the platform to “consume as much of your time and conscious attention as possible.” He described the system of users posting content and receiving likes as “a social-validation feedback loop … exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology.” “We need to sort of give you a little dopamine hit every once in a while, because someone liked or commented on a photo or a post or whatever,” Parker said. “And that’s going to get you to contribute more content, and that’s going to get you … more likes and comments.” He also noted that he and Zuckerberg, and later Instagram’s Kevin Systrom, were very much aware of this and “did it anyway.”
Parker also joked that his comments would probably prompt Mark Zuckerberg to block him on Facebook. We’ll see.
The blue check mark, Twitter’s symbol for verified accounts, has long been considered both a badge of legitimacy and a stupidly vain show of status. But no matter which camp you fall into, having a verified account signifies one thing: Twitter is acknowledging that it knows who you are and is vouching for you. On Wednesday, Twitter verified Jason Kessler, the man responsible for the white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this year.
On Thursday, the company announced that it would not be verifying anymore accounts until it reevaluates what it actually means to have a verified Twitter. A decision that likely stemmed from the blowback Twitter received for verifying Kessler.
Twitter has always been clear that verification doesn’t mean that Twitter, the company, endorses every account with a check mark. The final line on the platform’s page about verification reads, “A verified badge does not imply an endorsement by Twitter.” But when Twitter announced a new process for users to submit their accounts for verification in 2016, it explained that the company was changing things up “to help more people find great, high-quality accounts to follow.” Which would make it seem, at least as far as Twitter’s own language is concerned, like the company is saying that the tweets from a man who once tweeted that Heather Heyer — the counterprotester killed in Charlottesville after a man intentionally drove his car into a crowd — was a “fat disgusting Communist” and that her death was “payback” are “great” and “high-quality” content. Sorry to all you folks who aren’t racist bigots and were hoping to get your account verified anytime soon. This could take a while for Twitter to figure out. The company hasn’t done so hot with Nazis.
The shuttle test is being touted as the first of its kinds, and is sponsored by AAA. The vehicles are made by French start-up Navya and amble along at 15 miles per hour on a route less than a mile long, according to Engadget.
As Socrates once famously said, “Whooooooooops!” Yesterday was a big day for the city of Las Vegas, which began a trial run of self-driving shuttles on its city streets. About an hour after the trial began, tragedy struck in the form of an 18-wheeler, which backed into a shuttle while it was carrying passengers. Nobody was hurt, and the human truck driver was found to be at fault in the situation, but still, for self-driving skeptics, it’s not a great look.
In a statement, a rep for Las Vegas told local station KSNV:
For more footage of the world’s most boring accident scene, check out the news report below.
Nobody was injured in the incident, and police gave the truck driver a citation. A spokesperson for AAA said on Twitter, “No one [was] hurt except a bruised bumper!” The yearlong shuttle trial began after a successful shorter test in January.
Whether you’re using an iPhone 5 that’s on its last legs, you’ve been toting around a phone with a cracked screen while waiting for all of the newer models of iPhone to come out, or you’re an Android user looking to try out (or return to) iOS, you may be wondering which iPhone you should upgrade to: the pretty but pricey iPhone X, or the slightly duller (but significantly cheaper) iPhone 8?
Base Price: $1,000 for 64 GB, $1,150 for 256 GB
What You Get: A shockingly pretty phone, especially its OLED screen. All the power of the Plus-size phones, but smaller and easier to carry. A dual-lens camera with all the bells and whistles, including that coveted Portrait Mode or bokeh-blur effect. A slightly better camera than the iPhone 8 Plus; there’s optical image stabilization and a slightly better aperture (f/2.4 versus f/2.8) on the iPhone X’s telephoto lens, meaning zoomed-in shots will still come out clearly, even with some handshake. Face ID, which works (mostly) like a charm and also means that things like goofy AR face-mask filters look much, much better. Portrait Mode selfies. Animoji karaoke. Wireless charging. Quick charging if you’re using a 29W, 61W, or 87W charger and USB-C to Lightning adapter (i.e., the chargers you get with an iPad Pro or newer MacBooks). The best smartphone, Android or iOS, currently being sold.
Get the iPhone X. It’s expensive, yes, but it’s also a stunner. The edge-to-edge display is a joy, Face ID works remarkably well (and animoji are crazy fun), and you get all the power of the Plus-size models in an iPhone that easily fits into nearly anyone’s front pocket, with very few compromises.
Get the iPhone 8 Plus. Yes, it’s essentially an upgraded iPhone 7 Plus with a faster processor and wireless charging — but it’s a really fast processor and wireless charging can be a boon (especially at your desk or on your bedside table). The camera also has a few subtle upgrades that make it even better to use. This is likely the final (and best) version of the iPhone we’ve known and loved for the last ten years.
Base Price: $800 for 64 GB, $950 for 256 GB
What You’ll Miss: For those with smaller hands, the Plus still feels unwieldy. No Face ID sensors means no animoji. A slightly worse camera (but only slightly, and only if you’re doing zoomed-in shots). No Portrait Mode selfies.
Base Price: $700 for 64 GB, $850 for 256 GB
What You’ll Get: The same processing speed as the iPhone 8 Plus or iPhone X, just in a package that’s a bit easier to carry than the Plus. All the same wireless and quick charging options as the iPhone X and iPhone 8 Plus. A very good 12-megapixel f/1.8 rear camera. And, again, if you’ve already got a case you love, it’ll fit.
The iPhone 8. It doesn’t have dual-lens cameras, so you won’t be able to shoot in Portrait Mode. That said, virtually everything else about it is the same, so if you don’t care about putting bokeh blur in your photos and like being able to reach every part of your screen while using your phone one-handed, the iPhone 8 may be for you.
What You’ll Miss: A slight hit to battery life compared to the iPhone 8 Plus. No Portrait Mode.
For anyone who needs a new phone or wants to stay on iOS, but doesn’t want to spend a ton of money, here’s a humble suggestion: get an iPhone 6s. The 6s’s A9 chip is still markedly faster than nearly any other phone on the market, except for other iPhones, and can be had for $450 from the Apple Store (or even cheaper from retailers). Even when comparing this with other phones in this price range on the Android side of things, it’s still a remarkably good deal.
Base Price: $450 for 32 GB, $550 for 64 GB
What You’ll Miss: No waterproofing means being careful around sinks and toilets again (though the 6s is somewhat water-resistant). As Apple pushes forward on augmented reality, the 6s processor may start to struggle to keep up. You won’t be able to brag about your phone (though never discount the subtle sense of superiority you can get from saving money).
What You’ll Get: A 12 MP rear camera that takes shots that’ll still look very, very nice on your Instagram feed. A Retina HD display (or 1,334-by-750-pixels at 326 ppi) that continues to look remarkably sharp. A 3.5-mm headphone jack(!). The ability to get a phone in that awesome disco gold, not rose gold. A lot of money you can spend on other things.
What You’ll Miss: The $1,000 from your bank account (or really $1,200, because you should be buying AppleCare on this thing — it’s expensive to fix and terrifying to drop). Immediate gratification — stated shipping times are three to four weeks for the iPhone X on Apple’s website (though anecdotally it seems like it’s more like two to three weeks once you place the order). For a few days, the home button.
Since the dawn of OS 11.1 — a.k.a., like a week and a half ago — iPhone users across the globe have been plagued by the most bizarre autocorrect bug. The glitch caused autocorrect to replace all instances of a lowercase ‘i’ with either a capital ‘A’ and some horizontal lines, or a capital ‘A’ and a question mark symbol, and it’s safe to say that people were less than pleased.
What You Get: A dual-lens camera that really nails Portrait Mode shooting. A stunningly fast processor, meaning even heavy image editing or video processing doesn’t put a dent in its performance. True Tone display results in a better image overall. Long battery life — I’ve had several days where the Plus has gone 24 hours without a charge and still hasn’t dipped below 20 percent, even with normal usage. The same wireless and quick charging options found on the iPhone X. If you already have a case for your iPhone 6 Plus onward, it’ll still fit. If you haven’t upgraded in four or more years, wildly improved camera and video performance.
Apple’s original recommendation for how to fix the bug was, well, pretty unofficial … (It involved tricking your iPhone into submission using the Text Replacement settings.) However, as of today they’ve finally released permanent fix in the form of a shiny new software update: iOS 11.1.1.
You can download the update (and free yourself from your ’i ’-less hell) by navigating to Settings, then clicking on General, and finally on Software Update. From there, all you need to do is follow the instructions onscreen and start practicing your return back to the world of first person.
My sixth-grade English teacher was fond of marking up my paragraphs with angry red notes about my overuse of the personal “I” in formal writing. This week, she got some validation when my iPhone decided that I no longer needed to be able to type I at all. Instead, thanks to an iOS 11 glitch that affected users around the world, anytime I tried to type I, my device replaced it with a capital A and a question mark in a square symbol.
And so, for a week, my iMessages — and Instagram comments and Twitter DMs and any other of the dozens of ways my friends and colleagues and I communicate via my phone — have been full of people unable to type a lowercase i. “My hairdresser just told me A � need to find a nice boy 🤦🏻‍♀️😑,” one friend texted. “Sorry A � missed you during the marathon,” I apologized to another.
This isn’t surprising: Semiotically, i doesn’t have to look like i for people to understand what you mean. The key in this case was ensuring that enough people using and recognizing the new symbol gave it the denotation its predecessor had. And the hundreds of millions of people who use iPhones — encompassing most of my friends — are more than enough to enforce a new letter in the alphabet. Once we collectively decided we didn’t need i that was it. We really didn’t need it anymore.
The thing is, though, we didn’t really decide anything. Our phones did. Daring Fireball’s John Gruber reports that he’s heard it was “a machine learning problem — that, more or less, for some reason the machine learning algorithm for autocorrect was learning something it never should have learned.” Our phones had decided that “A �” was better — more accurate? — than i, and we just rolled with it.
MacBook Pro 13-Inch
If you’re looking to buy a new MacBook, the 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar is the model to get. It’s got the slim form factor that makes it thinner and lighter than the final generation of MacBook Airs, but is cheaper than the Touch Bar models (and, frankly, the Touch Bar doesn’t add much utility). Slashing $150 off the 128 GB model and $300 (!) off the 256 GB model makes it an even easier decision. Good for anyone, and great for a college a student.
It didn’t. For nearly a week, the word I barely crossed my iPhone, as though it had been excised from the alphabet forever. And, honestly, it didn’t matter. The glitch was frustrating and confusing for the first few minutes I encountered it — and from then on it was fine. I never bothered to explain or to apologize each time I texted or tweeted with an errant symbol. Not even to my most tech-challenged friends. Nobody did. We all just used context clues — another favorite phrase of my sixth-grade English teacher — and rolled with it. Oh, hmm, weird. Okay, I guess this is just how things are now.
Apple, to its credit, offered a hilariously elaborate work-around to the problem almost immediately: Create a text-replacement shortcut that would force the phone to turn a lowercase i into an uppercase I instead of the weird symbol, almost like a reminder to your phone that the letter i exists. I didn’t bother, assuming — wrongly — that the fix from Apple would arrive quickly.
This time it was accidental, a bad bit of code that sent Apple scurrying to fix an obvious issue. But it’s not that difficult to imagine a different scenario — an intentional change, a more subtle issue — that affects the way we talk in a deeper and more lasting way. For many of us, basic day-to-day communication is entirely wrapped up in Apple’s software environment — its devices, its operating systems, its ubiquity. The thought of extricating ourselves from the Jobs-Cook ecosystem is out of the question; the very thought of trying makes me tired. Instead, we adapt and move on. We did it when Apple removed the floppy disk from its computers and the headphone jack from its phones. Why wouldn’t we do it for the alphabet, too? Surely there’s a letter than offends Apple designer Jony Ive’s delicate aesthetic sensibility. Maybe he should just get rid of it. After all, it’s Apple’s world and A � am just living in it.
Samsung 58-Inch Class 4K (2160P) Smart LED TV
DJI Spark Quadcopter
I enjoyed my time with the DJI Spark — it’s the closest the company has gotten to releasing a drone that moves drones from “rich hobbyist” toy to “general consumer” item, and the ability to control it with your hand movements alone is a fun trick. Slashing $100 off the price of the Spark (you’ll need to add it to your cart to see the price drop) gets anyone in the air for $400.
LG SH3K 2.1 Channel Sound Bar
Sad but true: Most TV speakers suck, no matter how good the rest of the TV is. The LG SH3K has a couple of nice features (its subwoofer connects wirelessly) and is more than half off, down from $280 to $120.
Apple Watch Series 1
The Apple Watch is absolutely wonderful. Seriously. It’ll make you feel like you’re living in the future while simultaneously helping you disconnect. It’s honestly so good that sometimes you’ll forget where your iPhone even is. (But don’t worry, if that happens, you can ping your phone with a quick tap on your wrist.) And at $70 off, the Series 1 — the classic, most cost-effective model — is practically a steal.
Apple iPad Mini 4
Roku Premiere+
It’s like the Express+ HD, only better. In addition to wrangling all of your streaming services together in one convenient location, the Roku Premiere+ streaming stick also gives you access to over 4,500 channels. (It can handle 4K resolution, too.) Normally it’s $100, but with this deal it’s half off. Score.
Logitech Multimedia Speaker System
If you want to feel bass in your bones — or just fill a room with some funky jams — these are the speakers for you. They come with a 3.5-mm audio-output port (a.k.a. a headphone jack), so you can easily plug them into your phone or computer, but with the sale slashing $20 off the original price, I’d suggest reinvesting some of that money in a cheap Bluetooth aux adapter to really complete the experience.
iPhone 6
While you may not be able to unlock this one with your face, the iPhone 6 is a great smartphone, and that 50 percent off discount makes it only more irresistible.
Starting today, Twitter is adding another 30 characters for display names. Now, users have up to 50 characters — up from 20 — to create their chosen display name. If you’re like me, a person with a long name that you insist on using despite years of struggling to print small enough to fit it on forms, this is a momentous occasion. No more abbreviations for us!
Of course, the change has slightly more frivolous applications, too. Think of all the possibilities for spooky names in October or festive names in December. You could put 30 more emoji in your name if you wanted to. You could use all 50 characters to name-flame — changing your display name to mock somebody so that when they quote-tweet you, your insult also appears in their tweet. (Twitter is changing its policies in the coming weeks to stop this from happening, so get it while the getting’s good.) As with every time Twitter changes something users didn’t ask for and didn’t actively need — us long-name-havers be damned — many of the replies to the company’s announcement include the requisite “Yeah, but where are you on dealing with the Nazis.” Which … where are you on dealing with the Nazis, Jack?
Heads-up: If you buy stuff through our links, New York may earn a commission. That said, we don’t recommend anything we wouldn’t buy for ourselves.
We’ll be updating this post as new deals come in.
When I first saw this viral tweet about Winona Ryder — you know the one, where she tells the story of her Salvation Army jacket and the telling-off of the former classmate who beat her up — I did not expect to spend several days following a Winona Ryder–related research rabbit hole. Instead, I smiled. Winona really is that bitch, I thought, even though I am nowhere near cool enough to use the term “that bitch,” which I only know because of “Formation.”
HuffPo claimed that the original source of the story was a biography of Winona Ryder first published in 1998. But as any fact-checker former or present will tell you, trusting a book isn’t always a great idea — and the Winona biography was unauthorized, as is detailed in the author’s note. Even if we felt we could trust it — and I’m sure Nigel Goodall is a good reporter — the book is not the source of the direct, first-person quote, but instead provides a different, less-flashy retelling, as you can see on the relevant page here.
Further inquiry led me to a shockingly well-maintained fan site, which claimed that the quote originated from Bazaar U.K.’s August 2000 issue. You don’t have to leave the first page of Google results to figure out that Bazaar U.K. was actually Harper’s Bazaar, which Winona graced the cover of in August 2000, though that publication apparently maintains no public online record of the piece accompanying it. But you can find it in the New York Public Library’s archives, if you’ve managed to renew your library card on time, which of course I had not.
So I biked up to the library to get that squared away, after which I was rewarded with the six-page copy of the original story; Winona was interviewed by journalist Henry Alford and photographed by Patrick Demarchelier. The whole Q&A is fun, and while the quote is altered on Twitter, the meaning is generally the same. Here’s the original:
But behind my devil-may-care use of a Beyoncé line (in my head) lay some nagging questions: Where the hell did the Winona quote come from? Is it real? And why was everyone so willing to share something completely unsourced to the tune of 165,000 retweets? Were we looking at another sinister Russian intelligence operation?
I say fair point, and thank you, on Henry’s last note, and it is seemingly the first time the quote itself has resurfaced. But the story has come up several times* before. A recent and relevant example of how we process news now: When she told a version of the events — again, without the satisfying telling-off of the autograph-seeker — to V magazine in 2013, it was picked up by blogs, mostly with headlines highlighting the gay-bashing. The story was told differently by Winona to V, so it makes sense that the reaction was different. But I think it has something to do with our cultural brain, too, so currently trained on female empowerment.
And it also says something possibly upsetting about me that I spent an entire day trying to debunk or at least verify a feminist-feeling meme, one that affirms my beliefs and values, only in the end to find it’s mostly a real quote.
Calls and emails to Time Inc. were not returned. I ordered a copy on Amazon, but it sat at a shipping center in Staten Island, then moved to one in Jersey City, and as of press time had yet to arrive at the New York offices in Manhattan. I considered calling writer Jenny Allen’s agent, Ben Izzo, to see if he could dig up this 23-year-old story for virtually no reason, but stopped short. I have to live my life!
(Also, this is anticlimactic, but for now, I think winona-ryder.org has earned our trust: You can read what looks to be a copy of the Life story here.)
It’s nicer, right? We should keep magazines and not just retweet reblogged Tumblr quotes. Anyway, I wrote to Henry Alford, to ask him if we could chat about this pesky investigation. He sent a lengthy reply via email and offered to chat more in the morning, though I suspect that was a courtesy offer, because I hope no one ever calls me to quiz me about stories I reported two decades ago, and because his email was quite kind and helpful.
*P.S.: Actually, Winona seems to have first publicly told a version of the story, but again with less flair, to the reporter Jenny Allen for Life magazine, for its December 1994 issue, which is not available in the NYPL, or on Google Books archives, on Nexis, or from the Time Inc. site, and was curiously missing from this site for ordering archival copies.
It’s also not in the Columbia archives or at the New-York Historical Society, and there is no copy at NYU’s Fales Library (for which I obtained an alumni card and used the once-yearly free pass it grants me to gain entrance). At Fales, the librarian suggested that the issue was available in the university’s online archives, and while the pages of the December 1994 issue are indeed scanned and available for reference, the lone pages missing are the pages on which the story appears! (Thank you to our interns for help with this very suspicious intel.)
Good news for Uber drivers in London today. An employment tribunal upheld last year’s ruling that they cannot be classified as “self-employed” workers, which means they are entitled to a number of rights, including minimum wage and paid time off. Which is perhaps less good for Uber, who probably wasn’t looking to pony up the money to cover those costs. The company plans to appeal the ruling to a higher court, Reuters reports.
The battle over workers’ rights in London began last October when James Farrar and Yaseen Aslam — two former drivers representing a group of 19 others — took Uber to court. The men won, and the ruling — holiday pay and minimum wage for all British Uber drivers — looked like it could have larger implications for gig-economy employees everywhere. “That decision did not automatically apply to the app’s 50,000 drivers in Britain but was seen as likely to prompt more claims,” writes Reuters. A year later, Uber is still fighting, and losing, the same battle. Which just happens to be taking place amid greater tension between London and Uber. Earlier this fall, the city’s mayor banned the ride-hailing service, citing safety concerns like ineffective driver background checks.
It’s like a normal iPad, only thinner. (And $125 off!) How fun.
Prices continue to plummet on 4K panels, thanks to fierce competition from manufacturers like Samsung. This 58-inch screen from Samsung isn’t top-of-the-line, but it’s 4K and supports HDR 10 — and with $200 off the list price, it rings up to a cool $598. Seeing this much TV for this little money just didn’t happen a year ago.
“Today’s victory is further proof, as if any more was needed, that the law is clear and these companies are simply choosing to deprive workers of their rights,” Jason Moyer-Lee, general secretary of the Independent Workers Union of Great Britain — the union that represented the drivers in today’s ruling — told Bloomberg.
Getting my hands on an iPhone X was hard. Returning it was easy.
I waited in line at the World Trade Center Apple Store, using my rusty German to listen in on an Austrian father and his two sons talk over whether to buy one or two iPhone 8s while visiting New York and taking advantage of cheaper American prices. (They settled on one.) I watched three people in front of me pick up bundles of iPhone 8s and 8 Pluses, that by my rough tally, equaled at least $8,500 worth of Apple products that were sold in about four minutes. Then it was my turn, and I slid the iPhone X across the table and said I wanted to return it. The (as always) friendly Apple rep quirked her eyebrows for a second. “Buyer’s remorse?” she joked. I wasn’t sure how to answer.
The second thing I’m confident about is that I’m not ready to spend $1,000 on a phone (or, really, $1,200, since I would really, really recommend getting the $200 AppleCare if you get the iPhone X — repairs are expensive enough to justify it). After the initial sugar rush of waiting in line and buying the thing wore off, and my credit-card statement came closer to due, the money I had handed over to Apple at 3:08 a.m. during a preorder frenzy didn’t seem so abstract. By Wednesday of this week, I woke up, swiped up and waited for the iPhone to recognize my puffy-eyed morning face, and realized I was going to return the thing. I loved the phone, but not enough to spend this much money on it.
I’ve read the arguments that, besides your bed, the consumer purchase you spend the most time with is your smartphone — so you may as well get the best one you can afford. It’s an argument that makes sense to me, and for the most part, I think it holds true. If you can afford the iPhone X and you want it, get it: It’s a beautiful phone. It wasn’t a budget issue for me. I might’ve brown-bagged lunch a few more days this winter rather than buying a subpar salad in Tribeca, or taken public transit more often rather than grabbing a cab or ride-hail when getting home late, but it wouldn’t have sent me spiraling into debt. But I have a phone that works perfectly well for what I really use a phone for: reading stuff, listening to stuff, taking pictures of stuff, and communicating with people.
But all of that was a lot to unload on someone who just needed to check my receipt and had more people wanting to buy more phones stacking up behind me. “No,” I finally replied. “I think I’m just going to wait a little longer to get it.”
The equation that runs through my head to figure out if something is worth spending money on is, on some level, irrational. (Having bought a house last year, and being in the middle of buying a car right now, I can say that the larger the purchase, the more irrational my thinking gets — it’s only in retrospect that I start layering on all the logical reasons I ended up buying what I bought.) All I really knew is that when I ran that equation on this beautiful little phone, it wasn’t adding up. I loved it, and I was fine with letting it go. The iPhone X represents where the iPhone (and smartphones in general) are going to go, and I’m okay with playing catch-up down the line.
I spent a week with Apple’s newest phone, and I’m confident about two things. First, it’s the best smartphone I’ve used this year, and I’ve spent time with nearly every flagship phone released in 2017. Android flagship phones have been pushing a buttonless, edge-to-edge vision for a while now, from Samsung’s Galaxy S8 to the Pixel 2, but the iPhone X was the first to really deliver on that promise. I loved the size of it, loved the screen, loved even the somewhat abstruse new gestures. Face ID — despite a few hitches from time to time — gave me the illusion of a free and easy life with a passcode-free phone, combined with the security of no one else being able to open the thing up. It was a joy to use.
Probably one of the last unmitigated joys of the internet is finding weird products to buy online, usually on endless cyber-warehouses like Amazon. There’s the 55-gallon barrel of lube, or the bizarre vehicle known as the Badonkadonk, or more recently, a stuffed bear with crazy-long legs.
At first glance, it’s pretty easy to mistake Milk and Vine for the Instagram-famous poetry book Milk and Honey. (The latter is described on Amazon as “a collection of poetry and prose about survival.”) Both are matte black, with uncapitalized white Times New Roman font gracing their covers and feature a nature-inspired line-drawing on the bottom half. Inside it’s more of the same, sparse pages with just a few lines of poetry — if you can even call it that — surrounded by wide expanses of white space. The Times New Roman font (still totally without punctuation or capitalization, of course) is occasionally accompanied by a small sketch. Every inch practically screams: This was made to go on your Tumblr feed!!!
A tweet from user @cooltonedcutie highlights the bear-seller’s numerous victims, lured in by a promo photo that doesn’t show the enormous legs, only its large but proportional torso.
“Hideous! The legs are like 4 feet long making the bear look like a creepy gumby thing,” user Savannah wrote, alongside a photo that’s been getting passed around social media. “I got this for Valentine’s Day and would have rather had a cheaper more proportional bear … I mean this isn’t even cute.”
Another user wrote, “I was expecting the bear to be huge because it’s 6.5 ft right? No, all of its height is from its legs and the legs are longer than its upper body.” (Fact-check: Another Amazon user says that the legs occupy only 36 of the 78 inches that make up the full bear.)
They both gave the bear a one-star review, but yet another buyer was unfazed by the gigantic gams: “It is just as cute as in the picture except the legs are kind of long compared to the proportions of your average sized teddy bear.” Four stars.
Other bear owners and bear admirers have come out of the woodwork to express their appreciation for the stuffed bear with a weird body.
Long Leg Bear, thank you for honoring us with your presence. May your long legs stretch wherever they please.
“After reading several pages of it we were inspired,” Gasiewski told Select All. “We just didn’t know what sort of subject to pick [for ours.] Later that day, we were watching vine compilations and it kind of hit us: We should make a poetry book that uses Vines.”
“It was unbelievable. I was shaking.” Gasiewski said. “It refreshed every hour and just watching it climb the charts like that, fueled by these people on Twitter — it was just unreal.”
That said, Milk and Vine has faced some (rather appropriate) criticism, namely that it’s not exactly a book, but rather a compilation of a bunch of Viners’ work, and, most important, that absolutely none of those Viners are credited.
This is all undeniably, totally true, but still, in defense of Beck and Gasiewski: They’re teenagers, in college, who made this weird book on Amazon for their friends to laugh at and not for all of us randos out here on the internet. They had no way of knowing their funny little joke would end up on thousands of people’s Twitter feeds. But it did. And now here we all are, smack-dab in this hilarious, great, yet morally questionable part of someone else’s public-yet-private life.
“You get the sense of how it impacts not just on a health basis but everyone around them in the community,” he recalled, mentioning a conversation with Dayton, OH, police officers who responded to 29 overdoses in a single day, and how it strains resources.
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of thefacebook.com, is wrapping up his year-long cross-country tour and he’s finally ready to talk about what he’s learned. He’s learned that the country is big and a lot of people live in the country and that community is important. In conversation at the University of Kansas today (broadcast on Facebook Live, duh), Zuckerberg told an audience about how his trip informed his broader mission to have Facebook play a central role in “building community.”
He also learned about the opioid crisis roiling the nation. “The biggest surprise by far has been the extent of opioid issues, and it is really saddening to see,” he said. He spoke of meeting with victims of opioid addiction, the rate of which has spiked dramatically in the past couple of years.
“One of the things that struck me is that I don’t think we all fully internalize is how this epidemic has affected people’s attitudes more broadly on policy issues,” he noted. “Counties that swung from Democrat to Republican were those with some of the highest opioid addiction rates.” The opioid crisis “is still getting nowhere near the attention that it needs,” he added.
To their credit, Gasiewski and Beck told Select All that they’re planning on releasing an update to Milk and Vine soon that will acknowledge the Viners whose work was used (and will correct some general errors).
A Wi-Fi-enabled Crock-Pot
I’m hearing a lot of you saying “Wait, didn’t they have to buy the Keurig to destroy it? Doesn’t that cancel out the whole purpose of the protest?” and let me be the first to tell you, you couldn’t be more wrong: As civil-rights activists have long held, the point of protest is not to financially harm the companies you’re protesting and pressure them into adopting your position, but to trigger libs online.
In a subsequent thread, another Redditor complained about how not even the deluxe version of the game included the famous characters. “Seriously? I paid 80$ to have Vader locked?” they asked.
Okay! That was fun? Did you see the fidget spinner at the end? We learned some math, and I hope you all memorized the equation. As a reminder, the formula is:
“Nickelodeon dab Commercial but it’s Google translated.”
Thank you, Nickelodeon, for this thing I love and definitely don’t hate.
“D se Dab but it’s plotagon.”
When Apple announced the iPhone X earlier this year, it promised its new unlocking mechanism, Face ID, was twice as secure as its predecessor, Touch ID. The company said it had tested it six ways from Sunday — including using masks — and that unless you had an identical twin running around, the chances of somebody breaking into your phone were “one in a million.” This week, Bkav says they’re the one. The Vietnamese cybersecurity firm claims they’ve successfully hacked an iPhone X using a mask.
Please look closely at the photo on the left. That, reader, is me, the writer, wearing a full face of makeup. Clearly, my gelled brows and tinted lips were intended to con some schmuck of the opposite sex into thinking I am extremely good-looking and then make him buy me six iPhone X’s. Fortunately for said schmuck, there’s a new app that takes photos of people wearing makeup and then filters them to show what they (theoretically) look like without it. Called MakeApp, the app lets you un-makeup five photos for free before asking you to pay $0.99 to continue editing images and videos. Now look at the photo on the right. That’s me after MakeApp edited my face to let everybody know how grotesque I look when you digitally peel off the highlighter and mascara. Horrifying, I know.
Nearly one year ago, Facebook was facing a flood of bad press around the tremendous amounts of misleading news that was passed around on its platform during the November 2016 elections. (As difficult as this is to remember, this was still during a time when “fake news” was a phrase that still carried weight and meaning.)
MakeApp is the brainchild of once-Kremlin-linked, Russian founder Ashot Gabrelyanov. For what it’s worth, I thought the AI itself worked pretty well on my face. (The app also has filters that add a layer of makeup. These worked, uh, significantly less well.) But it’s MakeApp as a concept, not a technology, that’s both laughable and problematic. After all, the makeup-free version is just another filter. It’s no more or less “real” than a selfie that’s been run through Facetune or VSCO or tweaked a bit with Instagram. And the idea that somebody might need an app to help them figure out what somebody’s face — celebrity or normie — looks like without makeup is comical. But, hey, better safe than sorry. You never know who’s out there with a bag full of Glossier trying to scam you.
The mask, a combination of silicon, paper, fabric, and 3-D printouts that looks like something out of a low-budget horror film, cost $150, according to Bkav. The firm posted a video in which they claim to break into the phone, and a blog post answering questions about how they did it. “The recognition mechanism is not as strict as you think, Apple seems to rely too much on Face ID’s AI. We just need a half face to create the mask. It was even simpler than we ourselves had thought.” Of course, this is just one firm’s claim and the technique video hasn’t been confirmed or replicated by anybody else. (Wired tried and failed to defeat Face ID using masks earlier this fall.) Don’t go panicking just yet.
Lipstick and music are a natural partnership: Consider Debbie Harry, Madonna, Gwen Stefani, Rihanna. Pat McGrath, knows. For the first-time ever, the most famous makeup artist in the world is partnering with Spotify, on a special partnership that allows users to buy liquid lipstick through the music-streaming platform.
In a statement that uses some of her favorite words (“glamour” and “major”), McGrath said, “In this digitally-empowered, digital era of make-up, where fans crave instant glamour gratification I always want to reach fans where they’re most engaged. That’s why this relationship with Spotify is absolutely major, because it merges beauty and music in a whole new way, that’s never been done before.” Just ask Kesha, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, St. Vincent, and Trey Songz — all who have song lyrics about red lipstick and would agree.
Dubbed the “So Obsessed” campaign, singer Maggie Lindemann’s Spotify page (which over 7 million people listen to each month) will feature her music as well as links to buy McGrath’s newest launch, Liquilust007. You can also see her modeling the new holiday collection with molten-looking dark lips in her music video for “Obsessed.” TechCrunch reports that Spotify will not be taking a cut of the sales, but that this is a new sales opportunity for artists and brands.
Unless you somehow have the time and energy to painstakingly handcraft a carbon copy of someone else’s face, there’s no getting around the iPhone X’s fancy new unlocking mechanism, Face ID. That is, unless — apparently —you’re a kid.
Earlier this month, Attaullah Malik and Sana Sherwani discovered that their 10-year-old son, Ammar Malik, could unlock his mom’s iPhone by merely walking into their bedroom and picking it up. According to Wired, the phone unlocked for the boy after a split second, leaving the whole family flabbergasted.
“Apparently, TrueDepth camera’s depth map of my wife’s face … wasn’t accurate enough as it worked with my 10-year-old son,” Malik wrote in a LinkedIn post on the incident,”He doesn’t fall under the ‘twins’ exception and has a big age difference compared to my wife. His face is smaller than my wife’s face and the geometry of their faces don’t match, at least to human eyes. Also, the additional neural network present in iPhone X that’s trained to spot and resist spoofing doesn’t work as intended in this scenario.”
“The take away here,” Malik wrote in his LinkedIn post, “is that we need to understand the limitation of a small mainstream consumer device such as a smartphone to provide true biometric security and adopt it with that awareness in mind.”
When you think about the amount of technology that’s at play here, it’s pretty crazy that Ammar’s young face was able to successfully fool the phone. Face ID works by using Apple’s fancy new TrueDepth camera, which projects and analyzes over 30,000 dots to make a depth map of your face while also capturing an infrared image (which is how it works in the dark), and an A11 Bionic chip’s neural engine, which turns all that data into a comprehensive mathematical representation of your lovely ole mug.
So why did this happen then? In all likelihood there are a number of factors at play here. According to Wired, the first time Sherwani set up Face ID on her iPhone X, she was inside, at night. This type of lighting can cause the phone’s facial authentication systems to be less accurate and perhaps even allow for a similar face to erroneously gain access. When Sherwani re-registered her face again in different lighting conditions, Ammar couldn’t get in.
The issue also likely has to do with how Face ID is set up to learn from us. If you try to use Face ID but get denied — due to a weird angle or some general AI funkiness — and then enter your passcode to gain entry, the AI is trained to treat that “denial” as a mistake, and will try to add that angle of your face to its “digital image” of you (a.k.a., learn from its mistake). Though Malik insists Ammar hadn’t touched the phone before it unlocked for him, it’s a plausible theory that could explain other similar situations.
If you take a peek at Apple’s lengthy information page on Face ID, they do have this to say on the subject (emphasis mine):
(WARNING: Dabbing occurs in this video. Please prepare yourself.)
“We are in the process of adding credits,” said Beck. “The Kindle version has been updated, but the author dashboard for the paper manuscript is having issues and won’t let us update it. We’ve been working all week with Amazon support to try to fix it.”
Milk and Vine takes quotes from some of the internet’s most iconic Vines and turns them into Rupi Kaur–esque poetry using seemingly random italicization, shaky hand drawings, and a whole lot of white space.
Back in May, Uber significantly slashed its base fares in Lagos, Nigeria. Good if you’re a rider, not so good if you’re a driver looking to earn a living. In response, some drivers in the area have started using an Android app called Lockito to scam Uber’s fare meter into making their riders pay more. Lockito, according to a report from Quartz, “lets your phone follow a fake GPS itinerary.” At the end of the trip, the Uber app then charges the rider for both the real ride and the fake one.
“Uber was sweet, until they slashed the price,” one Uber driver named William told Quartz, noting he only uses the scamming app to stay afloat financially and keep up with his car payments. “They did not bring back their price up, so the work started getting tough and tougher. When the thing was just getting tougher, I had no choice but to go on Lockito.”
Several drivers in Nigeria also recently launched a class action suit saying Uber drivers in the country should receive employee benefits, like minimum wage and paid holidays. If this suit goes the way of a similar case brought up in London last year by two former drivers — a ruling that was upheld earlier this week — Uber might want to take note.
From Quartz:
Earlier this year, I stayed on a houseboat in Amsterdam for a week. (Withhold your jokes.) It seemed like the perfect find — centrally located, very Instagrammable, and oh-so-gloriously cheap — until I realized it had no electricity. I can do without a lot of things, but a charged cell phone isn’t one of them. And since my deposit on the place was already locked in, I had no choice but to frantically start searching for alternative ways to keep my lovely little iPhone 6s alive, which hopefully wouldn’t involve me stealing electricity from a nearby restaurant: Perhaps seven pocket-size portable chargers? A mini-generator?
Right as I started getting desperate enough to legitimately consider solar power, I discovered the Gogyre 21200mAh Power Bank. I’m still not sure how it’s even possible, but this $22 rectangle not only kept my phone charged for an entire week of Snapchatting and Facebook-status-updating, but it also kept my friend’s device charged too.
Unlike your average portable charger, the Gogyre has two USB ports so you can charge multiple devices at once. It also comes with a built-in flashlight, which may at first seem a little strange, but is actually surprisingly useful (especially if you happen to find yourself on a houseboat with no electricity). The Gogyre has a 21200mAh charge capacity, which — in English — means you should be getting about nine full iPhone 6s charges (or 6 Samsung s6 charges) per use. It’s worth noting that these are full charges — meaning from zero to 100 percent — so if you’re not a monster who uses their phone until it’s completely dead, you’ll definitely get more out of it.
At first I thought the Gogyre’s size would put me off after I returned to the real (electricity-rife) world; however, eight months have passed and I still carry the thing with me absolutely everywhere I go. Despite being bigger than a “normal” portable charger, the Gogyre is surprisingly portable. I haven’t had any trouble fitting it into even the smallest of purses, and my dad — who got one for his birthday this year — tells me he simply slips his into a pocket. I almost always forget to charge my phone while at work, so it’s the perfect way to avoid the dreaded music-free-subway-ride-home situation. And even with this kind of daily casual use, I only find myself needing to recharge the Gogyre about once a month.
There are many unanswered questions about the iPhone X. Do I really need a $1,000 phone? Is it worth the price? Is the facial-recognition security system really that secure? Will the notch at the top of the screen make me irrationally angry? Can the iPhone feel emotions, as I do? What happens if I kiss my iPhone X? These are all great and equally important questions.
Now consider this question: Can the iPhone X stop a paintball? We’ve all thought about it, but nobody was stupid enough to try it … until now. The electronic-dance-music disc jockey known as Diplo recently took his iPhone X with him on a paintball outing. He, one assumes, kept the phone on him during the paintball match and someone shot the phone.
It shouldn’t be that surprising that the phone cracked immediately; a drop test from CNET notes that the steel-and-glass device cracked on the very first drop from a pocket-like height of three feet. Surprise, surprise, the overpriced luxury item is very delicate. So, in the future, just as a baseline rule, don’t take your iPhone X with you when you head to a paintball outing with the gang. Bruises heal, iPhone don’t (yet?).
In a wide-ranging story in this month’s Rolling Stone that covers Elon Musk’s many, let’s say, eccentricities, the Tesla inventor and PayPal co-founder has a message for the rest of the tech industry’s leaders. The message appears to be that they suck. The rest of the tech industry, predicated on making products and services as addictive or “sticky” as possible doesn’t jell for him.
“It’s really inconsistent to not be the way you want the world to be and then through some means of trickery, operate according to one moral code while the rest of the world operates according to a different one,” he told the magazine. “This is obviously not something that works. If everyone’s trying to trick everyone all the time, it’s a lot of noise and confusion. It’s better just to be straightforward and try to do useful things.”
His disenchantment has gone so far that he would like to cast off any comparisons to innovators like Steve Jobs, an aversion that has caused Musk to develop an allergic reaction to black turtlenecks. The magazine recalls:
Turtlenecks, you’re on notice. Elsewhere in the piece, Musk asks the Rolling Stone reporter if he knows anyone that Musk could date. The lonely burden of genius!
In between trying to fix its Nazi problem and its harassment problem and its fixing-things-users-didn’t-have-problems-with problem, Twitter also has developed a murder problem. A suspected serial killer in Japan has been linked to the platform, using it to trap victims. Takahiro Shiraishi, known in Japan as the “Twitter Killer,” reportedly preyed on people who tweeted suicidal thoughts, Quartz reports. Earlier this fall, authorities found nine dismembered bodies in his home outside of Tokyo.
Twitter’s CEO Jack Dorsey spoke with NHK about the alleged Twitter-linked killings. Dorsey called the situation both “unfortunate” and “sad,” but said the company would not be making any moves to remove tweets containing suicidal ideation from the platform. “We need to take on a responsibility to make sure that our tool is being used in positive and healthy ways,” Dorsey said, noting those types of tweets have also been used to help people by bringing struggling users together.
On Twitter, Shiraishi has been linked to the handle @hangingpro where his bio includes the line “I spread knowledge of hanging” and invites people to contact him via DM. According to sources, he messaged women with messages like “let’s die together,” the South China Morning Post reports. “It is not good to tell friends, family members and social networking sites that you are going to die before committing suicide,” he reportedly tweeted on October 6.
Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer turned Uber engineer turned unemployed engineer (he was fired from Uber in May amid an ongoing lawsuit involving stolen self-driving-car technology), wants us all to worship at the altar of technology. Back in 2015, long before the Uber/Google drama, he founded the Way of the Future, a church founded on the idea that humans will eventually build a technology so much better and smarter and faster than our own minds we will worship it as a deity. WOTF had been mostly set aside, until Levandowski started moving things again this May when, uh, coincidentally, he drafted the church’s bylaws the day after Uber first threatened to fire him, Wired reports in an interview with Levandowski. While we still don’t know everything about WOTF, today’s interview offers a little more insight into how Levandowski, who is both the church’s self-appointed leader (or “dean”) and its unpaid CEO, thinks the tax-exempt religious organization will operate and develop.
On tech as “god:”“It’s not a god in the sense that it makes lightning or causes hurricanes. But if there is something a billion times smarter than the smartest human, what else are you going to call it?”
On other religions:“There are many ways people think of God, and thousands of flavors of Christianity, Judaism, Islam … but they’re always looking at something that’s not measurable or you can’t really see or control. This time it’s different. This time you will be able to talk to God, literally, and know that it’s listening.”
On potential religious persecution: “This is a radical new idea that’s pretty scary, and evidence has shown that people who pursue radical ideas don’t always get received well. At some point, maybe there’s enough persecution that [WOTF] justifies having its own country.”
On said god’s possible righteous and awesome powers: “I would love for the machine to see us as its beloved elders that it respects and takes care of. We would want this intelligence to say, ‘Humans should still have rights, even though I’m in charge.’”
Levandowski will act as dean of WOTF until he either chooses to resign his post or her dies, according to the church’s bylaws. He also gets to appoint three advisers — they’re all men — and has final say on whether or not they should ever be fired. (A felony would overrule this.)
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife Louise Linton stopped by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to check out some new $1 bills earlier on Wednesday. The dollars will soon have Mnuchin and Treasurer Jovita Carranza’s signatures on them, a news item that was promptly eclipsed by several excellent wire photos of Linton — clad in leather gloves — holding a sheet of bills with Mnuchin and looking like a straight-up villain who has never in her life seen a $1 bill before. Cue the memes.
Good luck getting “Cruella de Vil” out of your head.
A long, long time ago — in the year 2016 — then not-president Donald Trump mocked one of his competitors for the Republican Party’s nomination for drinking water. Yes, you read that right. Drinking water. Trump aped Marco Rubio by clutching a bottle of water on the campaign trail and shouting, “Help me, I need water … it’s Rubio!” while his supporters cheered and laughed. (Back in 2o13, Rubio paused during a 20-second response video to the State of the Union to take a swig.) Today, Trump himself took a second to clutch both of his hands around a bottle of Fiji water and take a gulp while speaking from the White House.
Dehydration. It comes for us all eventually.
Not very long after the sip, Marco Rubio weighed in on Twitter offering Trump a few tips on his drinking form.
Jeff Bezos is very fit and very rich — richer, once again, than Bill Gates — so let’s just go ahead and call this punching up. During an event in Los Angeles earlier this November, Bezos admitted to his brother Mark that he used to eat an entire can of Pillsbury biscuits every day back in the 1990s. “When my wife and I got married I had been eating a whole can, for a couple of years … I had been eating for breakfast every morning a whole can of Pillsbury biscuits,” he said. “I would wake up in the morning. I would preheat the oven to 375. I would get the baking sheet. I would crack open the Pillsbury biscuits and place them on there … with butter. And I would eat the whole can.” Apparently the secret to founding an insanely successful internet business is canned carbohydrates.
On Wednesday, Twitter permanently banned alt-right troll Baked Alaska — known in the real world as Tim “Treadstone” Gionet — from the platform. Gionet’s account, in case you’re not familiar with this particularly gross corner of the internet, was full of tweets about the persecution of white people, the infamous neo-Nazi slogan “14 words,” and jokes about putting people in gas chambers.
Gionet’s banning comes a week after Twitter verified Jason Kessler, the man who organized the white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this year. People quickly criticized Twitter for validating Kessler’s profile and the platform has since stopped verifying any new profiles until it can reevaluate what it really means to have a verified profile.
“It sucks, it’s crazy. For no reason. I was given no reason,” Gionet said. “I have no idea why. I woke up and I was suspended … Baked Alaska did nothing wrong.”
Last week Twitter “verified” Jason Kessler, the white supremacist who organized the rally in Charlottesville, giving his account a blue check mark meant to signify that the account actually belonged to the real Jason Kessler. And then Twitter promptly realized that was probably a bad idea. Soon after, the company announced it would be putting a temporary hold on verifying any new accounts going forward. “Verification was meant to authenticate identity & voice but it is interpreted as an endorsement or an indicator of importance,” Twitter said. “We recognize that we have created this confusion and need to resolve it.” Today, the company seems to have waded into the other end of the verification problem pool … people it has already verified.
The other customers seemed to care a whole lot less than Gionet.
The hero of the saga, though, is this British man, who apparently drove to In-N-Out in order to explain to Gionet that Twitter, a private company, is free to ban him.
Later on Wednesday, Gionet, clearly not at all mad, started a livestream on YouTube from an In-N-Out Burger in California. It quickly went downhill.
Alt-right journalist Laura Loomer lost her blue check mark this afternoon. “Twitter just emailed me to tell me they are removing my ‘verified badge’ because they claim my account ‘doesn’t comply with Twitter’s guidelines for verified accounts,’” Loomer tweeted. “Translation: I’m a conservative.” Jason Kessler and Richard Spencer’s accounts are now check-mark free, too. Baked Alaska, a.k.a., Tim Gionet was also permanently banned from Twitter on Wednesday.
Twitter says it’s “working on a new authentication and verification program” and the company is currently “conducting an initial review of verified accounts and will remove verification from accounts whose behavior does not fall within these new guidelines.” It also isn’t accepting any new submissions for people looking to get their accounts verified. On its website, Twitter lists a number of reasons an already verified account could lose its status. They include “intentionally misleading people on Twitter by changing one’s display name or bio,” “promoting hate and/or violence against, or directly attacking or threatening other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease,” and “inciting or engaging in harassment of others.”
Facebook really wants you to trust that the news stories you see on your News Feed are true. To that end, it announced a new initiative today, what it calls “trust indicators.”
Trust indicators aren’t a concept that originated from Facebook — it’s a system devised by the Trust Project at Santa Clara University “to make it easy for the public to identify the quality of news.” The Trust Project wants to essentially tag publishers for reliability, so “digital platforms, such as Google, Facebook, and Bing, will be able to use machine-readable signals from the Trust Indicators to surface quality news to their users.” The test is rolling out with a “select group of publishers” at the moment, “with plans to expand more broadly over the coming months.”
If I wanted to make a little money on the side, I could register realglobal.news for $10, throw up a Wordpress blog, and write up a fun story about Planned Parenthood employees used aborted baby parts as Halloween decorations. I could then make a Real Global News Facebook page and sign up for Instant Article in about 90 seconds, which also gives me access to the Brand and Credibility tab. Left to my own devices, if Facebook ever opened up its trust indicators to all publishers, I could conceivably rate my fact checking as impeccable, my correction policy as top notch, my ownership structure as being made up of “true patriots,” and my masthead as being comprised of Abraham Lincoln, Sean Hannity, and Jesus Christ.
But how fast can Facebook expand the program? As explained on a demo page Facebook showed off in its blog post announcing the project, some of these signals will (at least per this screenshot) be self-reported:
The fake news problem on Facebook is still rooted in how easy it is to start a fake web news site and then use Facebook’s incredible scale and the tendency of its users to share inflammatory headlines to reach many, many people (and then get cheap ad revenue from the resulting clicks). Facebook has made efforts to try to combat this, including starting up a third-party team of “fact-checkers,” displaying other articles about topics to “provide context,” or, in one experiment, making the top comment on any story have the word fake in it. The company is willing to expend engineering resources and contort itself in numerous ways to fight fake news — but until some vast leap forward in machine learning occurs, actual breathing humans being paid actual wages will be required if Facebook wants to keep fabricated stories from spreading across its platform.
In other words, if Facebook should ever open the floodgates to all publishers, you’re going to need real humans to double check what publishers self-report.
To be clear: I think the Trust Project out of Santa Clara is being run in good faith and Facebook’s attempt to use it is admirable. There’s utility in trying to quantify how trustworthy a news source is and making that into something Facebook and Google’s algorithms can understand — and “trust indicators” will run off more than just what publishers self-report. But to get “trust indicators” to scale and actually have noticeable effect on the fake news ecosystem will require vetting thousands of publishers, which means you need actual living people getting involved in the process. Santa Clara University is unlikely to be able to provide that manpower, which means other tech companies would need to step in — but that cuts against the ethos at all major tech companies, which have become incredibly profitable while employing relatively few employees, even as third-party contractors.
Displaying more information about, say, the Washington Post or Vox or Fox News may help Facebook users understand a bit more about who is producing their news. But those sites aren’t the main bad actors in spreading untrustworthy news — it’s the thousands of low-quality, high-quantity churn-and-burn news sites like defense-usa.club or theviralpatriots.com that are the issue. Any objective reader who gives those sites even a cursory glance would mark them as untrustworthy. If Facebook opens up its “trust indicator” to any and all comers, they’ll need someone to start looking.
Jake Paul — bad neighbor, YouTube prankster, stopper of hurricanes – is finally admitting he’s maybe not the nicest guy. Earlier this week, Ivan and Emilio Martinez — a pair of Spanish twins who were part of Paul’s social-media incubator slash frat house Team 10 — posted a tell-all video explaining their decision to part ways with Paul. In it, the two described how they were constantly “scared” while living in the Team 10 house and that other members of the house talked about them and mocked them, knowing the brothers spoke almost no English at the time. At first, Paul denied their claims, but later tweeted two videos apologizing for how he treated the twins.
Today, for a brief moment in time, the U.S. Department of Defense joined the #Resistance. First noticed by journalist Paul Szoldra, the DoD’s official Twitter account retweeted a tweet that attacked the GOP’s stances on sexual assault and called for the resignation of Donald Trump, Al Franken, and Roy Moore.
Though the official DoD explanation for the retweet is that it was made in “error” by an unnamed “authorized operator of the @DeptofDefense’s official Twitter site,” it’s pretty obvious what the real story is here:
“I am so sorry to the Martinez twins. Nobody should ever feel bullied … We are in the business of pranking each other and creating video content around those pranks,” Paul says. “However, it’s obvious that with the language barrier between us the twins weren’t always fully aware of what was going on and I should have done a better job of making sure they were fully informed about these pranks.” Paul said he believed the Martinez twins were always onboard with the pranks — like being woken up with buckets of cold water or an electric shock — and that things got “lost in translation.”
Paul also says that the brothers never came to his or explained their situation, and that he “never meant to hurt the Martinez twins.” “If I ever knew the twins felt that way I would have resolved the situation,” Paul said. “I have nothing but love for the twins.”
DoD … welcome to the resistance.
“The solution is simple … Roy Moore: Step down from the race. Al Franken: Resign from congress. Donald Trump: Resign from the presidency. GOP: Stop making sexual assault a partisan issue. It’s a crime as is your hypocrisy.”
Bezos said that after three months of being married, his wife intervened and asked him if he knew what he was eating each day. “I had never read a nutrition label in my life,” Bezos said. “I ate what tasted good to me.” Ostensibly, given his newfound swoleness and meme status, the list of things that taste good no longer includes whole cans of biscuits.
Looking for a gift for the gadget-minded this holiday season (or maybe just something decent to throw into the Secret Santa pile)? Look no further. Here’s a good selection of the best gadgets gifts you can give this year, all for under $25:
Great stocking stuffers, these things will keep headphones, chargers, and any other cord from getting tangled. Avoid creating a electronic Rat King in your purse or bag.
They’re soft, warm, and work surprisingly well for being only nine bucks. Perfect for that friend who can’t keep their hands off their phone, even in the middle of a polar vortex.
Chatbooks will turn your friend’s perfectly curated Instagram feed into a real honest-to-god book. Great for anyone who’s obsessed with their grid.
Know someone who’s selfie-obsessed? This LED attachment will make sure all of their Snapchats stay well lit.
It’s clear, thin, and protective. Perfect for that butterfingers friend of yours who swears they totally don’t need a case. Everyone needs an iPhone case. Everyone.
Not only can you change the color of this light bulb with just the push of a button, but it also plays music.
It’s loud, it’s wireless, you can keep it by the pool or beach, and it’s only 15 bucks — what more could you ask for?
This thing is comically long and virtually indestructible. Put one in every iPhone owner’s stocking.
It’s a phone charging cable and a super-stylish keychain. Who says you can’t have it all?
This portable battery will keep a phone charged for a week or more. Perfect for that friend who’s always on 5 percent battery and begging the bartender for access to a power socket.
Know an aspiring photographer? This lens kit by Dofly will transform their boring ol’ iPhone camera into a photo-taking machine worthy of a professional.
These (very Instagrammable) twinkle lights can be turned on or off with just a push of a button. Perfect for anyone who lives for the aesthetic.
Know someone who’d like keep an eye on the house (or their pets) while they’re away? The WyzeCam is a Wi-Fi-enabled 1080p security camera that comes with 14 days’ worth of free cloud storage. And it costs about a tenth as much as some competitors.
Uniqfind’s MacBook skins are so undeniably Instagrammable they’ll be getting likes for days. They even have a line of matching phone skins too!
They’re like normal touchscreen gloves, only made of leather! (They also have a lovely cashmere lining.)
With multiple color and strength options, this ultramodern cube of light makes a great addition to anyone’s home.
Know a friend with great (and by “great” I mean awful) tweets? This website will turn them into tattoos.
This ultraminimalist iPhone skin is the perfect gift for the design-obsessed. Plus, nobody makes more Instagrammable cases than Uniqfind, so if you get this for them it’ll definitely be shown off.
Know someone constantly losing their keys? Stick this on their keychain and that’ll soon be a thing of the past.
This nifty little addition will keep MacBook cords both protected and easily accessible. Great for someone who spends a lot of time lugging their laptop to different coffee shops.
Looking for a great gadget gift that won’t break the bank? We’ve got you covered. From drones to personal assistants, here’s everything techy that’s worth your while (and under $100):
You never know how badly you need a waterproof iPhone case until you hear that splash. But if you had this case you could relax instead of reaching for a bag of rice.
Get an eye in the sky with this value-priced drone that still flies steady (though you’ll want to keep it grounded on windy days). This one has an HD camera and the ability to livestream your adventures back to the losers on the ground below.
The gift to give to anyone who’s lost his or her keys four times in the last two weeks. They’ll thank you when they’re running late and no longer need to pull up every couch cushion in a frantic rush.
This Bluetooth-enabled turntable will get both hipsters and technophiles alike grooving. Great gift for first apartments (or anyone you suspect might enjoy combing through stacks of vinyl).
For your health-conscious friend who just isn’t ready for an Apple Watch yet (or doesn’t want to charge up their watch every night).
No cable? No problem. If you have an Amazon Prime subscription, you can watch thousands of movies and TV episodes (in 4K!) with this little doodad. (Bonus: It even works with Alexa, so you can finally control your TV with just the sound of your voice.)
Like vinyl, polaroids are oh-so hip right now with the kids. Perfect for an Instagram-loving teen.
A killer collection of 16-bit games, the Super NES Classic is a great gift to bring on the nostalgia this year.
For the style conscious, these Plattans are slim, sleek, and easy to use — and one of the few pairs of over-the-ear headphones out there that won’t make you look like a total dork.
Looking for that gift for the techie in your life? We’ve got you covered — and everything comes in at under $50.
For the chronic texter who’s always complaining about the cold, these touchscreen gloves will keep their digits both warm and smartphone-friendly.
A great gift for the binge-watcher in your life, the Roku is the best media streamer out there, able to handle nearly every service on the market. And if they have a fancy TV, this thing can handle 4K resolution.
Don’t discount the utility of a waterproof speaker — not only is it nice for the pool or beach, but you can also use it in the kitchen without worrying so much about an accidental spill sending your dinner party into silence.
This phone case will attach to any surface – mirrors, kitchen cabinets, you name it — so you never have to stop scrolling through Instagram. Perfect for selfie-loving millennials.
The ideal gift for the lazy dude in your life, this will take someone from three-day-weekend beard back to five o’clock shadow in about 60 seconds, without shaving cream or electric-razor burn.
Society6 has a wide range of phone cases featuring an ever-changing array of bold designs from independent artists around the world. (Bonus: Every purchase puts money back into the hands of the original artist.)
An electrical plug may isn’t the most exciting thing to unwrap as a holiday gift, but the iHome Control Smart Plug should still get anyone amped. Use this to turn anything you can plug in into a smart device — perfect for floor lamps, fans, space heaters, or other things people tend to forget to turn off (or want to start running before they get home). Setup is simple enough you won’t need to play tech support, even if you’re giving it to someone not so tech savvy.
Know someone who has an obsessively well-curated ‘gram? This (very Instagrammable) calendar is generated from their posted photos. It’s a personal gift that’s surprisingly easy to order.
Crazy thin, yet surprisingly protective, the Pitaka Aramid is the perfect phone case for someone who hates phone cases.
For anyone still carrying their MacBook naked like a heathen, bring them into the modern era by giving them something cute and simple to carry their laptop in instead, like this MacBook sleeve.
Perfect for cord-cutters and college students, this pocket-sized projector connects to your phone or computer to turn any night into movie night.
Since this year’s Starbucks red-cup release came and went without any drama from the War on Christmas camp, somebody else had to take up the mantle. It seems Amazon was up to the challenge. The company’s U.K. Facebook page has recently been inundated with angry comments from customers accusing Amazon of ruining holiday surprises. It seems some packages are being sent sans packaging or wrapping, which, while probably better for the environment, doesn’t do much for concealing what said packages are from kids trying to spoil their would-be presents.
A dutiful service representative has been responding to the complaints, kindly informing customers that for items — like these toys — that can be shipped in their own boxes, they always have the option to check “ship in Amazon box” before completing their order. An option that it seems not many people noticed prior to purchasing.
Of course, for every person griping that Amazon is the new Grinch, there’s another person posting a comment and photo of a very tiny item being shipped to their home in a massive box. If it’s not ruining Christmas, it’s ruining the environment. There’s no winning!
The United States Navy would like to let you all know that it is not in the business of drawing dicks in the sky with its planes. And that anyone caught doing so — like these true patriots at the naval air station on Whidbey Island earlier this week — would be held accountable for their actions. Which might be worth it … depending on how much you value viral internet fame over your military career.
The drawing appeared over Okanogan County in Washington State on Thursday. “The Navy holds its aircrew to the highest standards and we find this absolutely unacceptable, of zero training value and we are holding the crew accountable,” a Navy spokesperson told local news outlet KREM 2. The FAA also noted that it “cannot police morally,” effectively washing its hands of any involvement with the sky dick.
For that chronic selfie-taker in your life, this phone case will bathe pics in flattering light. It’s also one of Kim Kardashian’s favorite selfie accessories, so …
Know someone who might benefit from a little Alexa in their life? The Dot is the Echo in a smaller package, which makes it great for the bedroom (think: smart alarm clock). It’ll also tie to any sound system either via Bluetooth or 3.5 mm audio cable.
The Google Home has a couple of things going for it over Amazon’s Alexa — for one, it’s better at answering random questions like “Who’s won the most daytime Emmy awards?” (Ellen DeGeneres with 29), but if you’ve given your life over to Gmail and Google Docs, it’s a surprisingly agile home companion. This is just like the Google Home smart speaker, but mini! How adorable.
Here’s the gift for that anyone who can’t seem to keep their phone from dying midway through a night out. This case doesn’t add much bulk but will keep even an aging phone fully charged for a full day and night.
For those sleepyheads who can’t get out of bed to save their lives. This alarm clock simulates the rising sun to provide a more natural, holistic wake-up routine.
Last night on Jeopardy!’s Tournament of Champions, the cream of the crop gathered to test their mental prowess and buzzer-pressing reflexes against their fellow peers, the best of the best. Alex Trebek knew that the questions (technically: “answers”) had to be tough, and he and his elite team pulled facts and tidbits from the farthest corners of the knowledgescape.
That’s how we ended up with this:
Long ago, when you, dear reader, were just a twinkle in your mother’s eye, this arcane text was the pinnacle of internet humor. It was known simply as the Rickroll, and you never knew when it would strike. The text comes from the chorus of Rick Astley’s 1987 hit “Never Gonna Give You Up.” The primary objective in this never-ending game was to post a hyperlink masking the song’s music video, and then trick people into clicking on the link. Following a link only to be greeted with the opening drumbeats of this catchy ditty conjured up feelings of intense failure and shame.
Now there are many hyperlinks that make you feel bad online. A decade ago, there was only one. Mr. Trebek executed a successful variant known as a “live Rickroll,” (see also: Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2008) which clearly stunned the audience into laughter, but did not phase contestant Buzzy Cohen, a guy who looks like he’s clearly spent some time on Reddit.
The second generation of the Echo now comes in a range of fabrics, has a smaller size, and better sound. It feels more like an oversized coffee mug that nestles easily on your kitchen countertop, and less like a vape machine from Tron. Good for anyone who wants to let Alexa into their life.
With stellar sound and eight-plus hours of battery life, BeatsX wireless headphones are pretty hard to beat. Perfect for workouts and anyone who wants to live life untethered.
RelatedThe Best iPhone Cases
RelatedThe Best Touchscreen Gloves
RelatedThe Phone Case That Bathes My Selfies in Flattering Light
RelatedWhy You Should Get an Echo Dot
RelatedWe Got to See the SNES Classic in Person, and It Is Glorious
RelatedWhy You Should Buy an Amazon Echo
Looking for a high-quality tech gift for someone special in your life? We’re here to help. From iPhones to cameras, here’s our curated list of the best gadgets and gizmos you can get for under $250:
An easy entryway into VR, this headset and controller will transport your giftee to new worlds. Simple to set up and compatible with any recent Samsung phone.
Perfect for anyone struggling with Wi-Fi deadzones, or just trying to make sure every bit of their house gets good, fast internet service, Google Wi-Fi is still best combination of performance and price on the market. A single station works well for a smaller apartment, and two should cover up to 3,000 square feet.
RelatedGoogle Wi-Fi Is Now the Best Way to Blanket Your Home in Wi-Fi
With a whopping 22 hours of battery life and a super portable design, these sleek headphones are the perfect gift for that friend who’s always listening to something.
They’re wireless, super sweat resistant, and last for 12 hours on only one charge. Great for a tech-y friend who’s always in the gym.
For anyone who spends a lot of time on planes or the subway, these Sennheiser wireless headphones offer good-to-great sound and fantastic noise cancellation, combined with fit and finish details that keep them comfortable for long listening sessions.
This add-on will turn their iPhone into an instant-print camera. Perfect for anyone who loves photography or making memories.
Take Nintendo’s mobile 3DS and lose the headache-inducing 3D mode, and you get Nintendo 2D XL. It may not be the Switch, but it’s easy to find and has a huge library of great games (and can still fit in your back pocket).
They’re like regular bluetooth headphones, only way better. Pairing is as easy as simply putting them in your ears, no button-mashing or frustration required. A must-have for any Apple user.
This modern-day polaroid camera may be digital, but the photos it prints (which don’t require ink or shaking) still have that great nostalgic feel.
Basically a ring of light with Alexa inside it, the Sol makes for a wacky and surprisingly fun lamp, and has some neat-o features like a visual timer indicator or switching up the color temperature of the lamp by time of day.
A smart speaker that actually sounds good, the Sonos One Can currently supports Alexa and will soon support Google Home. Has deep, rich bass, and plays nice with the rest of of Sonos home sound system.
RelatedSonos One: A Smart Speaker That Actually Sounds Great
While you may not be able to unlock it with your face, the iPhone 6 is still a fantastic smartphone. It’s fast, relatively new, and — best of all — only 200 bucks.
The Eufy Robovac is basically a Roomba without a lot of the bells and whistles, but still does what you want a robot vacuum to do: roam around your place, sucking up stuff. Perfect for anyone with pets.
With a built-in battery and USB ports you can charge your devices from, this smart carry-on bag is a sleek and smart gift the frequent flyer.
Another mesh-network option, this has a slightly more upscale look than Google Wi-FI and its extenders plug right into the power sockets in the walls. A bonus for parents: the ability to filter content and turn off internet access to certain devices at certain times.
This pocket-sized projector will put your phone screen on the big screen. Perfect for outdoor movies or events.
RelatedToday’s the Day to Upgrade Your Home Wi-Fi to a Mesh Network
Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston — who last year settled a civil lawsuit with a woman who accused him of raping her when they were in college — is being investigated by the NFL following allegations that he groped an Uber driver back in 2016. During a ride in Arizona, Winston’s driver, a woman named Kate, says he “behaved poorly” and yelled homophobic things at people on the street, BuzzFeed News reports. He asked Kate to take him and the other riders to get food. While they were sitting in a drive-through, Kate says Winston, who was sitting in the front seat, grabbed her crotch for several seconds and only removed his hand when she said, “What’s up with that?”
If you were hoping to give (or hoping to get) an Apple HomePod this year, you’re out of luck. Apple announced today that its smart speaker will be delayed until 2018.
RelatedThis Comically Long Phone Charger Is Virtually Indestructible
RelatedThis Portable Battery Keeps My Phone Charged for a Week
“We can’t wait for people to experience HomePod, Apple’s breakthrough wireless speaker for the home, but we need a little more time before it’s ready for our customers,” an Apple spokesperson in a statement. “We’ll start shipping in the U.S., U.K., and Australia in early 2018.”
Apple’s smart speaker, set to compete with the Amazon Echo, Google Home, and the Cortana-powered Harman Kardon Invoke, was announced at Apple’s WWDC conference in July of this year. Priced at $349 (or well above most of its competitors in the smart-speaker space), Apple’s smart speaker is supposed to compete more on pure sound quality than as a voice assistant. Apple hasn’t offered an exact reason why it’s delaying the HomePod, but many suspect it may have something to do with Siri. Apple’s voice assistant — which would be the primary interface for the smart speaker — is seen by many as still lagging well behind the capabilities of other companies’ offerings, and most of the team that built Siri has left Apple in a slow exodus over the past few years.
This isn’t the first time Apple has delayed one of its products. Last year its AirPods were supposed to be released in October, and ended up barely making it onto store shelves for the 2016 holiday season.
“I mean he’s an NFL quarterback and I’m five-foot-six. I’m not prepared for that. So I completely froze,” Kate, who has asked not to be named, told BuzzFeed News. “He sexually assaulted me, and I have every right to tell the damn truth about it.” Kate reported the incident in detail to Uber who promised her she and Winston wouldn’t be matched again. The company ultimately decided to ban Winston from Uber.
With countless fitness benefits, Handoff abilities, and remote-control uses, the Apple Watch is the world’s best fitness tracker that also happens to let you check your email.
RelatedYou Should Get an Apple Watch
“The League has been informed that you may have been the victim of such a violation perpetrated by Tampa Bay Buccaneers player Jameis Winston. The league takes allegations of this nature very seriously and has opened an investigation into this matter,” an NFL lawyer wrote in a letter sent to Kate and obtained by BuzzFeed News.
For the bookworm in your life, the Kindle Oasis has a screen so sharp it’s indistinguishable from the printed page. But the best part is it’s now waterproof. Perfect for the pool, beach, or bath.
A great gift for Snapchat addicts, these sunglasses capture snaps from a first-person perspective.
Looking for something really special for the tech-head in your life? Lucky enough to not need to worry too much about sticking to a budget? We’ve rounded up the best gifts, from video-game consoles to headphones to a TV that’ll turn any room into a mini-IMAX theater.
The video game console to get or give this year, the Switch is the perfect commute companion, and then slots in for big-screen playback at home. And the library of of games already includes two insta-classics, if you’re feeling particularly generous and wanna toss them in: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Super Mario Odyssey.
Sony’s powerhouse console continues to impress, and next year’s lineup of exclusives looks extremely enticing. With the PlayStation currently outselling the Xbox, also means more players to get wrecked by in online gaming.
If you’re shopping for the gamer in your life, this is the most powerful console on the market that’ll really show off the power of a 4K TV and allows games like Gears of War 4 to run smooth as butter. (Also a damn fine 4K Blu-ray player.)
If you know someone limping along with a thrift-store record player — or just someone who might be into haunting stacks of vinyl — this is the turntable to get. (Bonus: USB compatibility means if you find that ultrarare 7-inch among the stacks, you can convert it to an audio file.)
RelatedThe Xbox One X Is the Best Console You Can Own. Should You Get It?
Last year, we picked the Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 Wireless headphones as the best wireless headphones you can get, and the market agreed — they were popular enough that Sennheiser reissued the Momentums as the HD 1s. Same great sound, same noise cancellation that makes the roar of the subway disappear, and the same beautiful retro styling. For the audiophile in your life.
The latest Apple Watch is by far one of the best wearables on the market right now. It’s waterproof, can work without a phone, and — if you’re an Apple user — will make you feel like you’re living in the future.
For the nonstop smartphone shutterbug, the Pixel 2 has the best smartphone camera we’ve used, and a beautifully stripped-down Android OS that’s (nearly) as slick as iOS. One caveat: Make sure to get the smaller, 5-inch Pixel 2 — the Pixel 2 XL has had some issues with its OLED screens.
RelatedPixel 2 Review: The Best Smartphone Camera Got Even Better
One of the best cameras Apple has ever put out combined with the most powerful processor on the smartphone market. The final and greatest version of the classic iPhone form, it also has the added benefit of being easily available.
RelatedHow to Look As Hot As Possible Using the New iPhone Camera
Samsung 4K Ultra HD TVs
Samsung’s 4K Ultra HD TVs are seeing deep price cuts across all sizes, with more than 50 percent off everything from 49-inch up to 75-incs sets. All come with HDR, and Samsung is the name to beat when it comes to high-quality large panel LEDs. If you’re looking to upgrade your main set, this is a nice price to do it at.
The best smartphone released this year. Jaw-dropping screen, powerful camera, and small enough to remind you of the days when a phone could fit in a pocket without a couple extra shoves. If you want make this a holiday present, order now — delivery times are still about three to four weeks out.
RelatedThe iPhone X Will Change Your Selfie Game Forever
Chinese panel manufacturer TCL’s biggest play for North American marketshare is your gain, as you get a beautiful 4K picture with Dolby HDR that’ll make any Netflix binge look fantastic (and Roku comes built right into the set for easy streaming). This TV looks just as good as others we’ve looked at that cost twice as much.
The problem with watching an OLED TV is every other TV is gonna start looking crappy in comparison. While some competitors have come close, LG’s OLED screens are still the reigning champs — deep, inky blacks, eye-popping brights, and nothing onscreen either blown out or too murky to make out. For the pure videophile in your life.
Yes, this TV costs as much as used Honda Civic, but man: what a TV. Place this system (about the size of a carry-on suitcase) near a wall and hang up a screen, and its short-throw projector will display 100-inches of 4K HDR gorgeousness. Combine that with a built-in, booming Harman Kardon sound system, and you’ve got the ability to recreate a movie theater in nearly any room.
Samsung’s 4K Ultra HD TVs are seeing deep price cuts across all sizes, with more than 50 percent off everything from 49-inch up to 75-inch sets. All come with HDR, and Samsung is the name to beat when it comes to high-quality large-panel LEDs. If you’re looking to upgrade your main set, this is a nice price to do it at.
Fujifilm Instax Mini 26 + Rainbow Film Bundle
Sennheiser HD1 Headphones
Last year, we picked the Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 Wireless headphones as the best wireless headphones, and the market agreed — they were popular enough that Sennheiser reissued the Momentums as the HD 1s. They’ve got the same great sound and the same beautiful retro styling. The one difference? This pair is $100 off.
UrPower Hi-Fi Portable Wireless Stereo Speaker
Even if you somehow aren’t familiar with @dril, if you’ve spent any amount of time reading words on the internet, you’ve read someone aping his style.
He had also remained anonymous, which made him somewhat of an anomaly on the internet of 2017, as weird Twitter slowly morphed into Socialist rose Twitter. This anonymity allowed for a certain elasticity in the jokes — and enabled the creation of conspiracy theories and lore. Some speculated that Dril was actually a collective, perhaps connected to the same group that was behind the horse_ebooks Twitter account. There was a theory that at some point the original anonymous author had passed the login to another newer (and, the theory went, less funny) writer. Dril was probably male, aggrieved, poor at spelling, and had a horrific ass, but not much else was known.
Until recently. Parts of Twitter are writhing today after the unveiling of the person behind the Dril account. Who would dox Dril, Twitter’s beloved mascot? As it turns out, the knowledge was already out there, albeit tucked deep in the folds of internet fandom. There’s a subreddit dedicated to Hiveswap, a cult video game based on “Homestuck,” itself a long-running webcomic with a small but extremely passionate audience. In September, someone first figured out and posted Dril’s identity thanks to a stray writing credit for the video game under Dril’s real name and some informed guesswork. But the information failed to escape the gravity well of that insular community. (Put more bluntly: “Homestuck” fans are too weird for anyone else to spend time on their subreddit learning about what they’ve been doing.)
Dril has been around since the earliest days of Twitter, and his influence and audience have spread far beyond the limited confines of weird Twitter (or even Twitter itself). His tweets have been endlessly chewed on by other, lesser writers. Many Dril joke setups (e.g., “Buddy they won’t even let me …” or “twitter dot com i live for this”) are now just internet shorthand. One classic Dril tweet about candles and the economy was popular enough to fool tech writer Clive Thompson into thinking that people mimicking it were part of a bot network. Pairing a Dril tweet with something dumb Donald Trump tweets is a popular pastime. A Dril tweet about corncobs spurred a minor squabble between center and left-wing media types.
Any of the links above will clue you in on who the actual the writer behind the Dril account is. The truth is that the writer never seemed to be that concerned about his anonymity: He has a successful Patreon account, kept a website for years where he sells merch, and is part of a Kickstarter that will almost assuredly get funded. He never seemed concerned with staying behind the grinning Jack Nicholson avi — except that it was perhaps funnier when Dril was anonymous.
Besides, he’d already revealed his identity years ago:
Dril, in the end, turned out to be much like what you’d expect him to be: Someone who had spent a lot of time on Something Awful’s forums (specifically, the FYAD forum that spawned much of what was later grouped into “weird Twitter” and essentially set the voice for a generation of writers and creators), into animation, and funny.
If you’re in the market for a new phone, want something relatively high-powered, and don’t want to spend a ton, the OnePlus 5T, starting at $499, represents the best combination of performance and value available right now. You won’t get absolutely everything a more expensive phone will give you, but you’ll come very close — and pay significantly less than you would for the competition.
OnePlus released the OnePlus 5 earlier this year, but it was already looking a bit dated, thanks to chunky top and bottom bezels and a fingerprint scanner on the phone’s chin. The 5T looks more like the Samsung S8 or LG V30: There are just slim bezels on the top and bottom, and the fingerprint scanner has been moved to the back of the phone. You get more screen without needing a larger phone.
And, pleasingly, it still has a 3.5 mm headphone jack. I don’t know how much longer we can expect the 3.5 mm headphone jack to hang around, but I’ll continue to love it while it’s here. Pairing and charging headphones is always three steps more complicated than plugging something in and going about your day.
OnePlus’s tag line is “Never settle,” and its internal specs keep pace with premium Android phones, sporting a Snapdragon 835 (the same chip you’ll find in a Samsung S8 or Pixel 2), and 8 GB of RAM (more than double what the S8 and Pixel 2 offer). Benchmarking using Geekbench 4 showed it running comparably to top-end Samsung phones — unsurprising, since they use the same chip. (It should be noted that OnePlus has been accused of using some sleight of hand to goose its benchmarking scores in the past.)
More impressive is its very basic install of Android itself. At this point, I’m agnostic about whether iOS or Android is the better mobile OS; both do some things very well, and both have serious drawbacks that annoy the hell out of me. But one thing I’m very sure of: if you’re going to use Android, you want something as close to a clean version of Android as possible. OnePlus includes what it calls “Oxygen OS.” This includes some small lightweight improvement, the best of which is “Reading Mode,” which turns your phone monochrome and apes the look of a Kindle or other e-reader. It comes with Android 7.1.1, and OnePlus says the phone will receive an upgrade to Android 8.0 shortly.
In practice, I found the phone incredibly snappy to use. Apps were quick to load, even when I already had other, processor-heavy apps open or was doing something like rendering a video file. Turns out if you give a phone as much RAM as many laptops and desktop PCs, it’ll run pretty dang fast.
While the 6-inch AMOLED screen doesn’t support HDR and only goes to 1080p in resolution, I had to do side-by-side comparisons between it and the Samsung Note 8 (which does support “Quad HD” and HDR) to really notice. In day-to-day use, I find it extremely hard to tell the difference between 1080p and higher resolutions on a screen this small. Still, if you plan on watching a lot of Planet Earth on the go, you may be slightly let down. I did watch some favorite bits from Stranger Things 2 on the phone, and images and playback looked vivid and crisp.
That said, my review unit’s initial color profile was way, way oversaturated. It was easy enough to fix in settings, but at first it looked like someone had gone crazy with Instagram filters on my phone.
A 3,300 mAh doesn’t quite make this a 48-hour marathoner like some Android phones, but I was able to use it pretty heavily for a full day before recharging. If you use the included Dash charger, you can recharge the phone incredibly quickly: I was able to take the phone’s battery from 17 to 68 percent in 30 minutes.
The drawback is that, although the Dash charger is great for juicing up your phone, it’s a closed standard — meaning if you don’t have a OnePlus charger and cord, you won’t top off that battery so quickly. When charging with a 5W plug-in and USB-A to USB-C charger (i.e., the bog-standard power-brick setup you’ll find nearly anywhere), charging times were fine, but not nearly as fast.
You’re able to get at your camera and take a photo very quickly. A double click of the power button jumps you straight into the camera, which loaded instantaneously for me — faster than any of the premium phones I was testing against.
Unlike most other dual-lens cameras, which usually pair up a telephoto and wider-angle lense, the 5T’s dual lenses are, for all intents and purposes, almost the same: Both have a relatively big aperture (F1.7), with one sensor using what OnePlus calls “Smart Pixel” technology to be particularly effective in low-light shooting. The dual-lens allows for “portrait” mode photography, in which a foregrounded subject is kept in focus and the background recedes into a bokeh blur — though this mode is faked through software.
I did quick compare-and-contrast tests between the current best shooter on the market, the Pixel 2, and the OnePlus 5T. In the photos below, the OnePlus 5T is on top, and the Pixel 2 is on the bottom.
The Pixel 2 still has a better camera than the OnePlus 5T: Colors are bit more distinct, details are a bit sharper, and its portrait-mode effect looks a bit closer to what you’d get using actual glass. But, at the end of the day, the the 5T is still going to take a very good photo. It just may not take a great photo.
There’s no waterproofing, meaning that, unlike the Samsung S8 or Pixel 2, it won’t survive a dip in the pool. (I did manage to knock it under a running faucet while doing dishes, and it came out okay — but I doubt OnePlus would recommend that you do the same.) And that premium aluminum unibody comes at a cost: You won’t get wireless charging. Finally, I rarely play anything straight off my phone’s speakers, but if you do, be warned: These speakers are pretty bad, even by smartphone-speaker standards.
The OnePlus represents the best combination of high-end specs and midrange pricing on the market. With many Android flagship phones now starting at $700 for the base models, you’re getting 95 percent of what you’d get from a Samsung S8 or Pixel 2, but for $200 less. If you’re looking for the absolute cheapest phone, you can still find better deals. (The Motorola G5 Plus is the best budget phone going right now.) But if you value performance and want something that feels and looks like a flagship phone made in 2017 — without a hefty price tag — the OnePlus 5T is a great buy.
With a slim, aluminum unibody and some subtle rounding of corners, the OnePlus 5T has some nice fit-and-finish details that make it feel much more premium than its price tag would suggest.
The fate of two turkeys rests in the hands of Donald Trump. On Tuesday, in keeping with an annual White House tradition dating back to 1989, Trump will get to choose which turkey he will pardon and which one he … won’t. To get everybody, uh, psyched for the big event, the White House tweeted profiles of the two birds earlier on Monday. There’s Drumstick, a 37-pound gobbler with a fondness for classic rock and walking “tall and proud.” And then there’s Wishbone, weighing in at 36 pounds, all of them country-music-loving.
The pardoning is still a day away, which means you have time to vote in the White House’s Twitter poll as to which bird should get the official pardoning.
The turkeys are currently neck-and-neck, thought it doesn’t really matter who wins. In the end, pardoned or not, both birds will be sent to Virginia Tech’s “Gobbler’s Rest” facility, where they will live out the rest of their days without being beheaded, buttered, or basted.
As the weather cools down and travelers all over begin to say, “Okay, screw it, I’m calling an Uber,” the ride-share service has added a few quality-of-life improvements to make things easier.
Along with that, the company is expanding its Beacon program. Beacons are just lights that Uber drivers can put on their car, and when you match up with one, you can control what color the light is, making the vehicle easier to spot.
The most important of these new announcements is live location sharing. Previously, your driver would only know where you were supposed to meet them based on the designated location. Now, they’ll also be able to see where you’re actually standing using GPS. That way, if you’re across the intersection, or can’t quite figure out which black Toyota Camry you’re supposed to be looking for, the driver can find you.
These improvement will make it easier to connect with your driver over the holidays, and in a few years, make it easy to spot the driverless car they were replaced with (Uber just order 24,000 autonomous vehicles from Volvo).
The Georgia Dome in Atlanta, which was demolished today, is no more — but if you tried to watch this morning’s implosion via the Weather Channel’s livestream, you probably missed the big event. Mostly because at the exact moment when the Dome collapsed, a city bus pulled in front of the camera and blocked the entire thing. (The livestream had been operational for nearly an hour with an unobstructed view.)
[Chef’s kiss.]
Perhaps even better than the optics of the bus pulling in front of the Dome is the audio that comes with it. If anybody knows the Weather Channel employee who was behind the camera shouting, muttering, and generally losing their mind at the missed opportunity, please buy them a drink. They need it.
Remember Obama–Biden memes? The gag, which arose the week after Donald Trump won the election, was based around fictionalized conversations between Barack Obama and Joe Biden in which Biden would try to convince Obama to prank the incoming administration. Step one: Find picture of Obama and Biden chatting. Step two: Add a dialogue ending with Obama admonishing Biden for his suggestions. (“Joe.”) It was a decent — if repetitive — meme from a simpler time. Today it got a brief revitalization when Obama himself used it to wish Joe Biden a happy birthday.
Frankly, we here at Select All think Obama’s meme game could use a little work. The structure here is clunky. His image choice — which looks like a still from a GIF or low-quality video — is suspect. Barry, call us the next time you want tweet a meme. We can help.
We knew the end of the open internet was coming. Now, it’s almost here. Ajit Pai, the current head of the Federal Communications Commission (and former Verizon Lawyer), announced Tuesday morning that he would undo the 2015 rules classifying broadband access as a type of utility. Politico reported on Monday night that Pai’s plan to undo net neutrality — a foundational concept to the open internet that hundreds of millions of American consumers, and businesses have relied on for decades — would be exhaustive.
The anti-consumer changes Pai will propose undo the 2015 order, and go a step further. The policies that Politico is reporting are nothing less than a total surrender to private industry by a major regulatory body. In addition to undoing the Open Internet Order:
But wait! In addition to destroying net neutrality, Pai will also propose getting rid of “the so-called general conduct standard, which gives the FCC authority to police ISP behavior it deems unreasonable.” To put it plainly, the FCC just doesn’t want to do anything and is following the telecom industry talking point on booting authority to the FTC. Despite widespread support for the net neutrality rules among individual consumers of all political leanings and prominent internet companies alike, the FCC is firmly in the pocket of the telecommunications industry, whose response to most concerns is “just trust us.” (There is plenty of precedent for why you shouldn’t.)
First of all, ISPs themselves have said that the net neutrality rules haven’t hurt investment in broadband. Secondly, Americans pay some of the highest broadband prices in the world for some of the worst service. Internet access should be regulated like a utility, and that means not letting broadband providers — most of which have regional monopolies and no competition — charge exorbitant prices. In the Wall Street Journal today, Pai wrote that instead of actual protections, “the FCC simply would require internet service providers to be transparent so that consumers can buy the plan that’s best for them.” So at least you’ll know when your ISP, which you probably have no choice in, is giving you a raw deal.
Pai, who has preached about a transparent and open process, is reportedly planning to announce these changes tomorrow, two days before Thanksgiving when everyone is definitely paying attention. Pai announced Tuesday morning that he would release the full plan at least three weeks before the mid-December vote, as if lead time is the big problem everyone has with this policy. The FCC will vote on the proposal at its December 14 meeting.
If there was a contest for Most Upsetting Corner of the Internet, 4chan would be a heavy favorite to win. The totally anonymous, anything-goes message board is basically what you’d imagine the disfigured lovechild of Reddit and the ninth circle of Hell to look like, an unholy launching pad for cruel hoaxes, awful pranks, and some of the worst and weirdest memes the internet has ever known. There is one redeeming thing about 4chan, however: Sometimes it pulls the worst pranks on itself. Like when 4channers convinced themselves to eat raw onions to be more manly.
However, /pol/’s latest obsession is a bit more obscure than the usual vitriolic hatred found gracing its forums. In fact, it’s downright baffling: For some reason, the denizens of /pol/ are all eating onions, en masse, in an attempt to up their testosterone.
In a Sunday evening /pol/ post first noted by Will Sommer, creator of the essential “Right Richter” newsletter tracking the online movements of the new far right, a 4chan user describes the “Individual and Political Consequences of Onion Juice.” According to “science,” onion juice has been found to “boost testosterone levels — sometimes threefold,” a totally-not-at-all-crazy claim that the poster backs up with a brief, yet glorious, anecdote about drinking a single cup of the stuff. It is physically impossible for me to convey the uh, beauty, of this experience myself (given my womanly brain and all) so please, let OP tell it:
It’s impossible to know where this idea first originated, as 4chan doesn’t maintain an archive (posts are deleted once the “record” gets to page 15), but I was able to find Reddit posts on the subject dating at least five years back, almost all of which cite this specific 2009 study on the effect of onion on sperm health.
In short, the study focused on three groups of Wistar male rats — two of which were given varying amounts of fresh onion juice, and one which was not — over a period of 20 days. Researchers noticed that the oniony rats experienced a “significant increase” in both their total testosterone levels and sperm count. While this may sound well and good for the Onion Lads of /pol/, it’s worth noting that the journal this study was published in, Folia Morphologica, has a Journal Impact Factor of .341, which basically means that the stuff it puts out is almost never cited by other scientists. Additionally, even after an hour or so of digging on JSTOR and Google Scholar, I wasn’t able to find any other independent studies which verified these claims (in either rats or humans). This all begs the question of, well, why? Why would a bunch of alt-right bros on /pol/ flock to this obscure, relatively unknown 2009 study about onions increasing sperm and testosterone now, of all times? Unfortunately, the answer involves another utterly bizarre internet phenomenon: the Soy Boy.
Simply put, the Soy Boy is 2017’s cuck.
The term, derived from the long-rumored middle-school urban legend that consumption of soy, which is said to be high in estrogen, results in the feminization of men, has gained currency as an epithet thanks to promotion from the likes of Richard Spencer, Mike Cernovich, James Allsup, and, in particular, the cult Twitter account Michael Porfirio Mason.
Far-righters’ heightened concern over their manhood and its inherent precariousness is reminiscent of the panic-driven, reactionary sentiments expressed by members of the same group in the political sphere. Like whiteness (in more ways than one), sperm is conflated with one’s self-worth, in some strange act of psychological synecdoche; when it’s under attack, so is the whole.
With the Anti-Soy Boy Movement in mind, the rise of the Onion Lads seems only natural (in a demented, disturbing, internet sense of the word).
Last week, Australia voted on a referendum to legalize same-sex marriage. The results were overwhelmingly in favor, which might have come as a surprise to Bob Katter, a member of Australia’s House of Representatives who campaigned against the referendum leading up to the vote. Still, when asked about it this week, Katter seemed to have gotten over himself. “I mean, you know, people are entitled to their sexual proclivities. Let there be a thousand blossoms bloom, as far as I am concerned,” he said during a press conference. Also, Katter said he’s got bigger things to worry about — namely, the crocodiles that keep eating Australian citizens. “I ain’t spending any time on it [same-sex marriage],” Katter said. “Because in the meantime, every three months, a person is torn to pieces by a crocodile in north Queensland.”
Nobody is going to mistake the HD 10 for an iPad Pro, but for $120, it does the two things you want to do on a tablet: read stuff and watch stuff. And, for me, it’s the reading stuff — specifically plowing through a number of comic-book series I’d fallen behind on — that’s the real appeal of the HD 10. Its 10.1-inch screen isn’t quite as large as the actual paper page of a comic book, but it’s close — close enough that you won’t need to zoom in to read dialogue or to see the finer details in the artwork.
Its one major downside (as with all Fire tablets) is that you’re shunted through Amazon’s bizarro-world version of Android, which is aimed mainly at making it extremely easy to buy things from Amazon and from nowhere else. Be prepared to learn how to sideload Google Play onto your tablet (it’s relatively easy) if you want to stray outside of Amazon’s somewhat limited app selection.
But if you’re looking for a tablet as a way to read and watch stuff — particularly comic books — the Amazon Fire HD 10 is the one to pick up. If you’re curious but want to spend a bit less, the Amazon Fire HD 8 is also a very solid tablet with a slightly smaller screen, and is on sale for the holidays for just $50.
Looking for a few comic-book titles to get started? We got Vulture’s resident comic-book expert Abraham Riesman to give us ten titles you should check out, all available on Amazon via Comixology.
Watchmen by Alan Moore, Dave Gibbons, and John Higgins
Even though it’s only been around since 2012, Saga has quickly become one of the canonical go-to comics that seasoned nerds recommend to newbies. Equal parts Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, and Mad About You, it’s a funny and action-packed glimpse of intergalactic war and the ordinary people (some of whom have wings or TV sets for heads — but you get what we mean) who get caught in the crossfire.
Saga by Brian K. Vaughan and Fiona Staples
It’s a bit of a cliché to call Watchmen the greatest superhero story ever told, but that’s no reason to discount its power. This 12-chapter tale begins as a murder mystery about a dead vigilante and gently grows into a series of statements about utilitarianism, human fallibility, and idol worship. Plus, the artistic structure is legendarily intricate, full of visual palindromes and microcosms. No wonder we’re still talking about it 30 years after it debuted.
Ms. Marvel, Vol. 1 by G. Willow Wilson, Adrian Alphona, and Ian Herring
Lumberjanes, Vol. 1 by Noelle Stevenson, Grace Ellis, Brooke Allen, and Maarta Laiho
If you’re superhero-curious or the parent of someone who is, and you don’t want to pick one of the grimmer, grittier works on this list, might we recommend Ms. Marvel? It’s a charming and punchy comic about a geeky teenage girl (who happens to be Pakistani-American and Muslim — sadly unusual for our comic-book metahumans) upon whom superpowers are foisted. Her journey toward self-assuredness and responsibility is great for readers of all ages.
Writer Neil Gaiman blew open the doors of comics and invited in a still-flowing stream of new readers with his multivolume epic The Sandman. In this first volume, we meet Morpheus, also known as Dream, one of a family of immortals known as the Endless. His journey from imprisonment to vengeance and exploration is a delight for lovers of fantasy, and will be accessible to anyone with a capacity for wonder.
The Sandman, Vol. 1 by Neil Gaiman, Sam Kieth, Mike Dringenberg, Malcolm Jones III, et al.
The Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller, Klaus Janson, and Lynn Varley
The comics market is densely packed these days, but Lumberjanes stands out because it’s unlike anything else out there. It’s a queer-inclusive story about a group of girls at a scout camp who run into an array of threats and wonders of the supernatural ilk. All the while, they experience the drama and joy that you’d expect from such a demographic of characters, and the results are a delight, especially for middle-school readers.
This one’s another timeworn entry point that remains one of the greatest Batman stories ever told. If you’ve liked the character in the movies, The Dark Knight Returns is required reading, as it’s been an influence on virtually all of them. In it, a grizzled Batsy comes out of retirement to clean up a dystopian Gotham overrun by teen gangs and purportedly reformed supervillains. One of its charms is that it’s not just brutal — it’s also quite funny.
In Smile, Raina Telgemeier has given the world one of the most successful comic books for young readers ever composed. It deserves its fame and sales. Smile is an autobiographical account of Telgemeier’s school days, back when she had to undergo major dental work while trying to survive catastrophes ranging from an earthquake to simple schoolyard drama. If you want something safe for even the youngest tablet reader, this is the tome to download.
Smile by Raina Telgemeier
All-Star Superman by Grant Morrison, Frank Quitely, and Jamie Grant
It took the better part of a century, but the definitive Man of Steel story was finally told in the form of All-Star Superman. It’s the rare superhero tale that rewards both experts and novices, filled to the brim with concepts from throughout the character’s history, but wholly willing to explain it all to the audience as though it’s the first time they’ve seen them. Narratively stirring and visually operatic, it’ll make you fall in love with the character that changed fiction forever.
Y: The Last Man, Vol. 1 by Brian K. Vaughan, Pia Guerra, and José Marzan, Jr.
Okay, okay: It’s probably unfair to put two comics written by Brian K. Vaughan on this list. But this was the series that really put him on the map — a bit of high-concept sci-fi in which all the men in the world mysteriously die off in a sudden “gendercide,” and the sole surviving male happens to be a self-involved yutz. The globe-trotting escapades he and his female cohort embark on make up one of modern comics’ grandest story cycles.
Preacher, Vol. 1 by Garth Ennis, Steve Dillon, and Matt Hollingsworth
Even though the title character of Preacher has the superhuman ability to make people do whatever he tells them to do, the famed series (recently adapted into a TV show co-run by Seth Rogen) is more like black-hearted magical realism than superhero fiction. As hard-bitten ex-preacher Jesse Custer, his ex-girlfriend Tulip, and their vampiric companion Cassidy wander the world in search of an absent God, you’ll find one of comics’ great pulp masterpieces.
The HD 10 is also solid for watching TV and movies, thanks to Amazon’s robust video service; serves as a fine basic reading device for Kindle books; and can handle most tablet games without chugging. Battery life is solid, and it’ll get you through a cross-country flight without a problem.
Feel free to use the crocodile line to get out of any and all conversations with your Trump-loving uncles this Thanksgiving.
In layman’s terms, net neutrality is the principle that internet service providers can’t charge their customers more money for certain websites or services, like Netflix or Facebook. (In Portugal, which doesn’t have legally enforced net neutrality principles, consumers pay their ISPs for packages almost like cable television — $5 extra for Google, Yahoo! and Wikipedia; $10 extra for YouTube, Netflix, and ESPN.)
Net neutrality is intended to protect consumers and businesses alike, denying ISPs the ability to rank or give preference types of traffic on their network. It’s what allows regular people to access any site they want, and what (theoretically) allows small businesses to compete against larger services. But the Republican-controlled FCC wants to make it easier for ISPs to play favorites.
Last night, BuzzFeed published the latest explosive story of powerful men committing acts of sexual abuse and harassment: Paul McLeod and Lissandra Villa reported that Democratic Representative John Conyers of Michigan “settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 with a former employee who alleged she was fired because she would not ‘succumb to [his] sexual advances.’” The journalists obtained documents which suggest that former staffers of Conyers, the longest-serving congressman, have accused him of having “repeatedly made sexual advances to female staff that included requests for sex acts, contacting and transporting other women with whom they believed Conyers was having affairs, caressing their hands sexually, and rubbing their legs and backs in public. Four people involved with the case verified the documents are authentic.”
What to make of this? It would be easy to attack the story on the basis of its source. This is similar to some of the arguments that circulated during the 2016 presidential campaign, when WikiLeaks was releasing materials clearly designed to harm Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party. Reporters should just stay away from those materials, argued some progressives, since they were clearly part of an influence effort by a less-than-ethically-sound organization.
But halfway through the lengthy story comes an eye-popping paragraph:
In this case, it’s clear that BuzzFeed and, yes, Cernovich, did the right thing. Cernovich could have done what he has all too often done: spread information about these alleged incidents in a distorted way. Had he simply published the documents online, for example, it’s likely that an exaggerated or error-ridden version of the story would have caught on. (Update: The Washington Post reports that there’s some evidence, in the form of deleted tweets, that Cernovich paid $10,000 to whoever handed the documents over to him. That story notes that while there’s a general proscription against journalists paying for information, at least in the non-tabloid American press, there’s no such rule against accepting information from someone else who paid for it.)
Still, though: It’s worth taking a moment, as HuffPost’s Ashley Feinberg did on Twitter, to reflect on just how bizarre and discomfiting it is that someone like Cernovich is gaining access to this sort of dirt, given his past behavior:
A couple years ago, the idea of Cernovich being involved in actual, news-breaking journalism would have come across as a bizarre joke. Until recently, he was a toxic manosphere figure who expressed skepticism about the existence of date rape, offered some very, very strange opinions about the bonding qualities of semen, and openly wrote about the sort of taking-one’s-penis-out behavior that is currently (finally) getting a lot of men into trouble.
At first it reads like just another shocking story of an abusive, powerful man — a story likely to make things more complicated for a Democratic Party already grappling with fallout from the accusations against Senator Al Franken.
But we’re well into an age in which anyone who can garner enough internet attention for a long enough period of time can accrue a certain kind of power — a notoriety that isn’t quite the same thing as legitimacy, but is close enough. Being particularly free with quotes for journalists, being shameless to the point of sociopathy, and refusing to hold a consistent line (except what you think your audience might want to hear) — these are strategies that can turn you into, if not a journalist, a player in the weird, new attention economy that drives the media industry. This kind of figure — part troll, part gatekeeper, part chaos agent, part source, part activist, and part ringleader — is fairly new, and journalists and readers alike haven’t quite figured out how to navigate a landscape in which people like Cernovich are given that kind of prominence. They’re going to need to develop some strategies quickly.
Instead, he found professional journalists to vet the documents, and the journalists in question didn’t simply accept the documents at face value, but rather did the reporting legwork to corroborate them. Now, as of this moment Conyers is denying that he harassed anyone, but it’s hard to imagine a situation in which BuzzFeed would get burned, given how many people it found who were able to vet the documents’ authenticity — including a named source involved in the awful-sounding process that led one of Conyers’s victim to a paltry settlement of about $27,000, partly in exchange for her silence. The fact that Cernovich shopped the documents to BuzzFeed as part of a broader goal of wanting to hurt Democrats certainly is part of the story here, and that does need to be taken into account. But it can’t be the start and end of things, given that the documents in question are legitimate and point to allegations of serious misconduct.
If you’re not playing HQ, please hurry and catch up with the times. The app, by the co-creators of Vine (RIP), is extremely popular and extremely simple: Twice a day, at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m., you can open the app and participate in a live trivia show — answering, alongside tens of thousands of fellow users, up to 12 questions of increasing difficulty. If you get all 12 correct, you win a cash prize. It’s an entertaining way to look up from your monitor and actually interact with your co-workers at 3:00 each day. (Or, it is until you all realize you’re not actually as smart as you thought you were, and then are forced to admit it to each other.)
The way he commits to keeping words coming out of his mouth even when he’s not really sure what he’s saying.
The other night I played a game in which Scott flip-flopped between saying “Enya” — pronounced properly — and “Anya” while reading a music question. It hurt my soul a little bit, but Scott, unfazed, soldiered on. That’s just how he is.
That, uh, glassy look in his eyes.
We’ll let you figure this one out for yourself.
The best thing about HQ, though, is not the money. It’s a guy named Scott. Scott Rogowsky hosts most of HQ’s shows — occasionally replaced by a perfectly nice woman named Sharon, who is good, but no Scott — and, if the live comments (“quiz me daddy”) during each game are to be believed, has developed something of a rabid fanbase.
The way he’s not really all that funny.
To be clear, Scott is not an objectively good host. He’s not particularly funny. His banter is bad. Half the time he’s just babbling to kill time between questions. This is Scott’s appeal. HQ wouldn’t be half as much fun if he were a good host.
Chances are good that, unless you’re some kind of supercomputer-brained human, you will get a question wrong at some point playing HQ. Scott will make you feel better about this because, as you’re nursing your intellectual wounds, he’ll undoubtedly be saying something ridiculous and slightly skeevy and you’ll get to think, Well, at least I’m not that guy.
The dumb things he says that make you feel smarter, even when you get a question wrong.
The timbre of his voice when he screams the word “SAVAGE.”
Long live Scott!
If an HQ question knocks out a substantial number of players, Scott will declare it a “SAVAGE QUESTION.” A shattered animation will cross your screen, and the sounds of breaking glass and Scott yelling, “SAVAGE! IT’S SAVAGE, I TELL YA!” will haunt your dreams forevermore.
But during a recent interview with Taylor Lorenz at the Daily Beast, Scott managed to get himself into some trouble with HQ’s CEO, who wasn’t pleased the host had done an interview with the news outlet. After being told that Lorenz was interviewing Rogowsky, HQ CEO Rus Yusupov said “Scott could lose his job” if the interview ran. Why? For (completely inexplicable) reasons like this:
In a later call, Yusupov walked back his comments and told the Daily Beast he never threatened Rogowsky’s job. Just in case that’s not true, or he decides to change his mind again, here are a few of the reasons we, the loyal HQ-ers of Select All, believe Scott Rogowsky has got to stay.
His religious commitment to riffing, even when no riffs are available.
Scott’s talent is rooted in his ability to take some extremely dry trivia questions and answers and riff on them in often-nonsensical, frequently not even funny, ways. Sometimes he calls question five “question fiver,” for no reason anyone can understand. “Ben Affleck … good old Benedict Affleck,” he said, bafflingly, in one recent game. This commitment to riffing, rhyming, and punning, even when there is absolutely no humor to be found, is an inspiring display of persistence in the face of challenge.
Last October, personal data — including names, email addresses, phone numbers, and license numbers — from 50 million Uber riders and 7 million Uber drivers was breached. This is the first you’re hearing about it because rather than disclose the incident, Uber, according to a report from Bloomberg, covered it up. The company paid $100,000 to hackers in exchange for deleting the stolen information and keeping quiet. Joe Sullivan, Uber’s chief security officer, and one of his deputies, were fired this week for their involvement in the cover-up, Bloomberg also reports.
This week, the FCC is unveiling a plan to undo open-internet protections known as “net neutrality,” paving the way for, well, an internet even worse than the one you’re on right now. There are dozens of reasons to be concerned about this plan — but maybe the reason that’s simplest to explain, easiest to understand, and most important to your day-to-day life is this: It’s going to mess with your Netflix.
For some time now, ISPs have been wondering, what if they could play favorites? What if they charged big companies like Facebook and Google for a fast lane? What if customers who wanted to connect to websites in Europe had to pay long-distance fees like a telephone call? What if they told Netflix — whose streaming video accounts for a large portion of overall internet traffic — that there wouldn’t be enough bandwidth unless Netflix paid up? And maybe scariest to regular people, what if they started charging customers extra to connect to certain sites, the way cable companies charge for premium channels?
First, a net-neutrality primer: “Net neutrality” is the idea that you should be able to go wherever you want on the internet, and the middleman connecting you — your internet service provider — can’t play favorites. “Play favorites” in this case means everything from blocking a website entirely to throttling bandwidth speeds to slowing sites to a crawl — or, on the other hand, offering faster bandwidth to companies willing to pay up.
The question, of course, is: What does a web without net neutrality look like? Is it really as bad as that? If you’re interested in one scenario, take a look at Portugal:
A web separated by artificial and arbitrary boundaries in service of corporate greed sounds pretty bad. And, to make a long story short, that’s what the FCC is creating by stripping out all of the regulations that ensure ISPs provide equal access to the internet.
In Portgual (and in Spain), mobile providers offer packages that count data differently based on the apps you want to use. Want streaming video like Netflix and Hulu? If you don’t want to pay exorbitant data fees, add on that $10 package. Want to access sites like Facebook at cheap rates? Just pay our monthly “social-network package” fee. Suddenly, your ability to do all the stuff you’re used to doing on your phone, at the prices you’re used to paying, is subject to the draconian policies of your cell-phone company.
This is, of course, an extreme scenario. In the U.S., the death of the open internet will likely be one by a thousand cuts — buffering video, pages slow to load, the further centralization under a few online behemoths with deep pockets willing to pay ISP extortion fees. You won’t likely be blocked from anything, but you might have to climb a mountain to get to it. Consider, for instance, if AT&T and Time Warner merge, a move which the DOJ is planning to sue over. That means that an ISP owns HBO. Maybe AT&T customers will be blocked from Netflix and strong-armed into using HBO as their streaming-video provider. It seems nuts, right? But that’s an internet without net neutrality.
“None of this should have happened, and I will not make excuses for it,” Dara Khosrowshahi, Travis Kalanick’s replacement and Uber’s new CEO, told Bloomberg. “We are changing the way we do business.” Khosrowshahi also posted a lengthy piece on the company’s blog, detailing how he handled things once finding out about the cover-up, including bringing in a new security adviser and “notifying the drivers whose driver’s license numbers were downloaded” and “providing these drivers with free credit monitoring and identity theft protection.” “While we have not seen evidence of fraud or misuse tied to the incident, we are monitoring the affected accounts and have flagged them for additional fraud protection,” Khosrowshahi wrote.
Had Uber chosen to disclose the hack back in October 2016, it would have happened weeks after an Uber hotline operator allegedly laughed and hung up on a New York man who called and said he’d been sexually assaulted by his driver that September. And just before December, when shit — a lawsuit from a former employee alleging age discrimination and whistle-blower retaliation and Kalanick joining Trump’s economic-advisory council — really started to hit the fan for the ride-hailing company. Time to update the timeline of Uber’s infamous screw-ups.
Scott Kelly holds the world record for the highest total number of accumulated days spent in space. He’s back on Earth now, though, and somebody in the Houston area might want to pop on over and teach him how Twitter works. Earlier on Wednesday, Kelly tweeted a string of terms including “Cardi b” and “foxnews.com.” Which would seem to indicate that Kelly got a little lost on his way to the search bar and probably didn’t mean to tweet. Later, he tweeted at Cardi B, requesting that she DM him to discuss his “collaborative ideas.” (Some on Twitter have floated the idea that Kelly’s Twitter was hacked and it wasn’t actually him posting.)
Kelly’s tweets have since been deleted. Seems safe to assume we’ll not be seeing a Cardi B x Kelly collaboration anytime soon.
Certain TripAdvisor users are saying the company deleted their reviews of potentially dangerous establishments without any explanation. Dawn Allison told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel a post she’d written about a Baltimore restaurant with a camera in the bathroom was removed, and TripAdvisor emailed her saying it “didn’t meet the website’s guidelines.” (The restauranteur in question had been recently written about in a local paper and charged with several counts of secretly filming women.) Other users, including several who shared posts about rape and sexual harassment they allegedly experienced at places around the world, reported similar experiences to the Sentinel earlier this November. Now the Federal Trade Commission is reportedly stepping in to investigate.
For Panos Panay, head of all hardware devices at Microsoft and one of the primary forces behind the Surface lineup of computers, every new Surface product begins with a story. “At the beginning of every product, we talk about how would we tell the story onstage,” he says. “What is the one thing on this product that people will look at and say, ‘I get it. That’s what I need.’”
Looking for a difference price range? We’ve got gifts for under $25, $50, $100, and more.
According to a letter sent to Wisconsin senator Tammy Baldwin this week, the FTC is looking into these allegations. “The Commission has a strong interest in protecting consumer confidence in the online marketplace, including the robust online market for hotel and travel,” Maureen Ohlhausen, acting chairwoman of the FTC, wrote to Baldwin. “When consumers are unable to post honest reviews about a business, it can harm other consumers whose abilities to make well-informed purchase decisions are hindered and harm businesses that work hard to earn positive reviews.”
The presentations themselves take six weeks to prepare for, as Panay and his team work to distill everything they have worked on into a 25-minute spiel. Of course, none of this would merit much attention if Panay was telling the story of a poor product. But Panay and his team have, to the surprise of nearly all industry watchers, been on a long streak of good-to-great hardware releases under the Surface line, leading up to this month’s release of the Surface Book 2.
The Surface lineup got off to an ignominious start. The first product to carry the Surface name released to the public, the Surface RT, was released in late 2012. It was panned by reviewers and ignored by consumers. It ended up being a $900 million write-off for Microsoft, with the company sitting on millions of unsold tablets. The news of the write-down broke in July 2013, sending Microsoft’s stock price tumbling and providing plenty of grist for tech press postmortems with headlines like, “Microsoft Writes Off Nearly $1B to Account for Surface RT Bomb.”
“Is it easy reading that headline or seeing the story? Absolutely not,” says Panay. “But it is an opportunity to learn and understand how to grow and get better. And I think we did that.” And, perhaps, Panay appreciates how an early stumble makes for a better story. A year after the stories of warehouses of unsold Surface tablets made waves, Panay would unveil the Surface Pro 3 in 2014, the first bona fide hit in the Surface lineup.
“The real turning point was the Surface Pro 3,” says Panos. “That was the moment — that was the first product that really came to the market as a product that sat right between this need that people have between their laptop and their tablet. That was when the product started to stand for something that was important to how people interact with their machines.”
By the time the Surface Pro 3 was released in 2014, the tablet market was already showing signs of weakening after years of rocketing growth. Unlike smartphones, which people were happy to replace in regular intervals, there was little churn in the tablet market. And the use case for the tablet was still largely as a “lean-back” device — something you used to consume information, not something you used to produce it. With smartphone screens ballooning in size, the tablet seemed to be facing a slow decline.
For the higher-end market, Microsoft has the Surface Book, first released in 2015 and out now with the Surface Book 2. The Surface Book has an even slicker trick than being a tablet that can replace a laptop. It looks (mostly) like a standard laptop, but splits processing and battery power between a detachable screen and the bottom keyboard unit. Keep the screen and keyboard together and you had a high-powered laptop. Remove the screen and you have a beautiful tablet.
Still, there’s part of the story of Surface that confounds many: Why is Microsoft selling hardware? In October, some openly speculated about whether the Surface really made sense. Steve Brazier, CEO of analyst firm Canalys said he expected Microsoft to shut down its Surface division before the end of the decade. “The Surface [financial] performance is choppy; there are good quarters and bad quarters, overall they are not making money,” said Brazier. “It doesn’t make sense for them to be in this business.”
While the Surface Pro 3 could absolutely be used as a lean-back device, it’s at heart a tablet that was aggressively meant for productivity. While it was still a tablet, it had an attachable keyboard cover with trackpad. Microsoft’s tagline for the product was: “The tablet that can replace your laptop.” It’s a tall claim, but it’s one that holds up to scrutiny, depending on what you do on your laptop. If you mainly write or create PowerPoint presentations or muck around in Excel spreadsheets, it absolutely can replace your laptop. If you do video editing, no so much.
The PC market has quickly and quietly shifted in response to the Surface. Every major Windows laptop manufacturer now offers something that somewhat mirrors the Surface Book or Surface Pro’s adaptability, a broad and fluid space in computing known as “hybrid” or “2-in-1” laptops (and which is now the fastest-growing sector of the PC market). Even Cupertino is taking notice. Apple’s iPad Pro — with its Apple Pencil stylus and keyboard cover and “What’s a computer?” ad campaign — is now clearly aiming to be the same sort of laptop replacement that the Surface Pro pitched itself as.
The Surface Book 2 I’m typing this on feels great. If it offers perhaps too much power and too many options for a user like me — someone who mainly needs a machine to type on, and not much else — there’s plenty of other places in the Surface lineup I could potentially land on.
Panay demurs when asked about how the Surface Book 2 stacks up against the MacBook Pro. “Respectfully, Apple makes great products, and MacBook is a great product, but it’s more important to look at your customer and what they need,” he says. Still, it’s not hard to see the narrative developing — while Apple’s laptop and desktop lineup has stagnated, and the iPad Pro struggles to really convince people it’s a productivity machine, the Surface presents a more intriguing story: Jump in with Microsoft, and there’ll be a machine there to catch you and help you do the work you need to do.
Here’s a fun video clip that will make you scratch your head and help kill at least two of the minutes you have to spend at your desk today before fleeing for whatever boat, train, bus, or horse is going to transport you to your Thanksgiving destination. A video clip posted earlier this week by University of Southern California football coach Clay Helton appears to show one of his players, uh, well, disappearing.
Looking for a difference price range? We’ve also got gifts for under $50, $100, $250, and more.
It’s also possible that he dropped to the ground and rolled out of the frame, though that seems less realistic. Or that player No. 80 was taken up by aliens. Also less realistic.
This week, the FCC laid out plans to repeal net neutrality, a policy that dictates that all internet traffic should be treated equally. Under the FCC’s new proposals, which will be voted on (and likely passed) on December 14, internet service providers will be able to charge consumers, and companies, for different packages of services and tiers of access. As a result, if Netflix, for instance, wants to strike deals to give its streaming service the fast-lane treatment on some ISPs, it can do that. Other streaming services, like start-ups with less available capital, will be unable to compete. Big monopolies and entrenched industry players will benefit most; smaller companies will risk losing access to consumers, and consumers themselves will remain, as always, at the mercy of a few large ISPs.
All this may sound remarkably similar to our current internet, which is the domain of a small group of billionaire oligarchs, but net neutrality harks back to an almost fanciful idea of digital equality, of the internet as a democratic public space, and threats to it engender passionate support from the open web’s true believers and most dedicated users. As of this writing, the front page of Reddit is entirely dominated by calls to action in defense of net neutrality, and it’s been trending on Twitter as a hashtag for most of the past day. Creators, developers, consumers — and, of course, the companies that profit off them — have united in defense of … the status quo.
In this way, the battle over net neutrality resembles the recent effort to defeat Trump’s health-care legislation. Neither system is that great, its supporters might admit, but the proposed policies would make things even worse. In both cases, Republican officials can only offer a politics of destruction, proposing to dismantle public regulations in favor of private interests (FCC chairman Ajit Pai used to be a lawyer for Verizon). In response, a frantic public has been galvanized to tweet and call their political representatives to plead that what little they have not be taken away. If we’re lucky, we’ll be able to hold onto what we’ve got and hope for a better outcome later, when the political winds shift.
There’s a term for this kind of power arrangement: It’s a protection racket. Nice internet you have there — a shame if something happened to it. Consumers have no ability to effect positive, forward-moving change; they can only beg the powers-that-be to, well, leave them alone. And, in turn, we’re led by this unending cycle to feel grateful for maintaining even the deeply compromised internet we do have.
There’s another way in which the fight over net neutrality resembles that over health care, and that’s in how we view the system itself, which in turn tells us who it should serve. Pai’s industry-friendly press release refers to net neutrality as a set of “utility-style regulations,” which in the GOP argot translates to “bad.” But the utility approach to internet regulation is much like treating health care as a right that should be guaranteed by the state. It means that Americans should be guaranteed certain fundamental rights and services, and that corporate interests deserve careful scrutiny. It means acknowledging — as Republican politicians seem congenitally incapable of doing — that corporate and public interests are not always aligned, and that sometimes corporate power must be curbed to protect the larger population.
On the other side, there’s an essentially abusive logic at work, in which we’re told all this is being done for our benefit. The FCC draft order is called the “Restoring Internet Freedom Order,” while the official press release promises relief from “heavy-handed internet regulations.” All of this is typical Republican dogma, according to which the government acts as an oppressive force while empowered individuals and corporations are united in their devotion to free-market ideals. Only by unshackling ISPs from these onerous Obama-era rules can we unleash the beneficent powers of innovation that made Silicon Valley the envy of the world.
In this arena, the public is still learning what power looks like, how we fight it, and what rights we should demand. There is much to admire in the principle of net neutrality, with its ethic of impartiality, even if the larger internet that it would protect is deeply flawed. Still, net neutrality is a rearguard option, fought to preserve a broken system that we must learn to properly critique. It’s only by articulating new rights — to not be surveilled, to not be discriminated against online, to have some control over one’s personal data — that we can begin to secure them.
As a cause to rally to, net neutrality is thorny. It rests largely on doing nothing, on treating all internet traffic the same way, as we largely do now. And, of course, there are numerous reasons — from issues of personal privacy to digital redlining to online surveillance — to be dissatisfied with the state of today’s internet. The larger digital economy, dominated by Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft, is hardly a model of democratic order. Its core competencies lie in collecting our personal data and parceling out our attention to the highest bidder by way of shady ad networks. The polarized online discourse owes much to how advertising platforms place us in different silos. The power of algorithmic sorting means that internet users never have to see an ad or an article that doesn’t flatter their sensibilities. Consumers have become increasingly transparent to powerful tech corporations whose political influence has grown in concert with their grip on our personal lives. This is the supposedly enviable status quo we’re attempting to preserve.
Apple’s newest device, the iPhone X, starts at $999 for the 64-gigabyte version. It’ll probably cost you more, because who wants just 64 gigs of storage these days? If the thought of paying a thousand bucks for a phone makes you gag, Apple might have a new option for you this summer. According to a report from China’s Economic Daily News, a lower-priced iPhone could hit the market next year.
Called the iPhone SE 2 the device will reportedly retail for $450 and will be targeted to sales in emerging markets. Read: Places where people can’t or won’t pay premium prices for Apple’s newest devices. (This should be everywhere. You don’t need a $1,000 phone!) At $450, the iPhone SE 2 would be more expensive than the current iPhone SE, but still a far cry from Apple’s other models.
Microsoft is running some deep discounts on its devices for Black Friday, and there are three deals in particular that should catch your eye.
Black Friday deals are here for Amazon, and whether you’re shopping for gifts or for yourself (no shame in that game), we’ve rounded up the best gadget deals we could find. Grab ’em now — good Black Friday deals on Amazon have a tendency to sell out fast.
Xbox One S
Surface Pro
Harman Kardon Invoke Smart Speaker
We’ve been transporting our Nintendo Switch around in a wool sock to protect the screen. That’s no way to live. This starter kit gives a lucky Switch owner everything, including a carrying case, a microfiber cloth to wipe down the screen, and a set of earbuds in case you forget your favorite pair of wired headphones. Normally $30, this is now down to $16.
If you’re one of those people whose phone is always on 5 percent battery, this power bank is for you. The RAVPower 16750mAh will keep your phone (or tablet) charged without tethering you to a wall outlet.
This streaming media player by Amazon is great for cord-cutters and anyone who wants to bring their TV into the 21st century. With the Fire TV Stick you can watch thousands of channels, and stream shows from Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Video, and more with ease. The remote also works with Alexa — Amazon’s smart assistant found in their Echo line of products — meaning you can finally control the TV with just your voice.
A turn-based JRPG that oozes style at every corner, Persona 5 is about a group of teenagers who are also mystical thieves — but also have to deal with making sure they keep their grades up. Weird and funny, and half off during Black Friday — perfect for anyone with some free time coming over the winter holidays.
Been on the fence about getting a smart speaker? Now’s the time. Amazon’s Alexa-powered Echo Dot can be used as an alarm clock, personal weatherman, recipe book, and much more. Normally $50, today the Dot is down to just $30.
This phone case will up your selfie game by bathing your pics in an ultraflattering light. It’s also one of Kim Kardashian’s favorite selfie accessories, so …
Most over-the-ear headphones will make you look like a dork. This is a fact. Urbanears’ Plattan ADVs won’t. They’re sleek, with a low profile and invisible touch controls and wireless — and they sound absolutely fantastic. Oh, and they’re 50 percent off, so get ’em while you can.
If you like taking photos on your phone, yet yearn for the nostalgia of a printed pic, this one’s for you. Kodak’s photo printer is perfectly portable and lets you print photos (over Wi-Fi!) in an instant.
Chances are if you have a credit card and are considering buying children’s headphones, you’ve already wrecked your hearing. Don’t let the cycle continue — Puro’s headphones have a volume-limiting feature to protect growing ears. (Plus, they sound great, even to adult ears.) Normally $100, they’re $80 during the Black Friday weekend.
If you’re an iPhone user who wants noise-canceling earbuds without the hassle of wireless pairing, check out the Libratone Q Adapts. If you’re on the iPhone 7 or later, there’s no more worry about dongles — they have a Lightning cable. And the Libratone app allows you to select how much noise cancellation you want, from fully blocking out the sounds of the city to letting some of the din in. Normally $120, they’re just $100 for Black Friday.
Sonos One has the best sound of any smart speaker we’ve tested in this price range — and it’s an even better deal with $25 off its normal price of $200.
There are plenty of cheap Chromebooks on the market, but not many that sport a 14-inch screen that also displays in 1080p. This HP 14-inch Chromebook, down from $280 to $240, is a bargain for anyone looking for a larger screen for bopping around the internet.
If you do a lot of your listening at your desktop, the Sony MDR1A headphones sport great bass response and great ear pads for long listening sessions. Normally $300, you can get them on a deep discount for $200 over the Black Friday weekend.
One of the more subtle running watches out there (get it in black and you can almost wear it to the office), the Garmin Forerunner 235 has been the mid-budget pick for anyone who wants to keep track of their runs. A good deal at $300, but a great deal at $250.
Earbuds already do a good job with noise isolation, but these noise-canceling buds from Sony are shockingly good at isolating you from outside sound, whether that’s on a plane ride or on the subway with a crying baby. Normally $300, they’re now just $250.
Eero is providing the sleekest mesh networking solution out there for dealing with Wi-Fi dead zones, but normally we’d recommend you go with Google Wi-Fi. But with the price of an Eero base unit plus two beacons (which plug into the wall for out-of-sight ease) down almost $100 to $306, Eero is suddenly price competitive. Snap ’em up.
There are few things out there that’ll make you feel more futuristic than a virtual-reality headset, and the Oculus Rift is one of the best around. The Oculus provides a fully immersive VR experience, which is augmented by the Touch controllers to envelope you in an wholly interactive world. Normally $400, the whole shebang is now just $350.
If you’re looking for a new centerpiece TV, this Black Friday deal is for you. The Sony KD60X690E 60-Inch 4K TV is a lot of panel that normally goes for $800, but is only $700 over the Black Friday weekend. The 70-inch panel is normally $1,300, and gets a price cut to $1,200. Get to watching.
When it comes to pure visual fidelity, nothing else on the market matches LG’s OLED screens. The problem has always been that they’re incredibly pricey. This Black Friday deal sees the price on LGs drop down to $1,700, from $2,200. It’s still pricey, even with that discount, but it’s also the cheapest we’ve seen an OLED set.
Sennheiser has a long history of putting out good-to-great audio gear, but their products have never been aimed at the budget-minded. That’s changed with this year’s Sennheiser HD 4.40 wireless headphones.
Normally priced at $149, they’re available for 24 hours on Amazon for just $99. I got a chance to spend some time with these headphones earlier this year, and they’ve got a great sound — well-tuned for pop listening (i.e., it’s got a good bass response and trebles are clear and present without being overly harsh). Bringing that price down to under $100 makes them particularly appealing.
So if you’re awake enough after your Thanksgiving binge to manage ordering something online today, I’d highly recommend picking up a pair of these. They’ll make a great gift, or just give you a nice price for a good set of headphones for yourself.
After weeks of pressure from activists and Congress, Facebook has decided to disclose to users whether or not they interacted with pages linked to Russian influence campaigns over the past two years. By the end of the year, the social network will have a section on the site that discloses the suspect pages and accounts that users were connected with. “It is important that people understand how foreign actors tried to sow division and mistrust using Facebook before and after the 2016 US election,” the company wrote.
Also unclear is whether or not Facebook will publicize this portal to users who might find it useful. According to Bloomberg, the tool will be housed “in Facebook’s online support center,” tucked away alongside other helpful articles.
Users won’t be able to see specific posts that they interacted with, though. And, most crucially, they won’t find out what pages they viewed but did not explicitly engage with. So, if a post ended up in your News Feed because a friend liked it, but you only skimmed and scrolled past it, Facebook won’t notify you of that. In other words, Facebook is exposing only the most obvious and direct sort of use case, and not being open about the more concerning issue of exposure and influence, which is admittedly far more difficult to track.
Cable TV is awful (and expensive), and it still requires you to add on some bits and bobs to be able to access your ex-girlfriend’s friend’s uncle’s Netflix account. The Roku Express+ HD streaming stick fixes that by putting all of your streaming services in one convenient location. (Bonus: If you have a fancy TV, it can handle 4K resolution.) And at almost half off, it’s practically a steal.
Xtreme XFlyer 6 Axis Quadcopter Drone
Get an eye in the sky with this value-priced drone that still flies steady (though you’ll want to keep it grounded on windy days). This one has an HD camera and the ability to livestream your adventures to the losers on the ground below.
PlayStation 4 Slim
The PlayStation 4 debuted in late 2013, and in the four years since, it has thoroughly quashed all debate about whether it or Microsoft’s XBox One was the superior console. It has a better all-around performing system, a large online player community, and a tremendous backlog of great games to play through. If you’re in the market for a console and uninterested in what Nintendo is doing with its Switch, the PS4 is an easy choice, especially at $100 off.
This was the year of the Nintendo Switch. While the console didn’t launch until March, at least two of the best games of 2017 — Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Super Mario Odyssey — were Switch exclusives. And its healthy lineup of small, quirky games is quickly making it the console of choice for finding oddball games that shouldn’t work, but do. It’s become a big part of my daily commute, and the ability to slip the Switch into its dock at the end of the day and continue playing on the big screen is so simple and yet so satisfying. Here’s our gift guide to all thing Switch-related.
Nintendo Switch
So, first off, there’s the Switch itself. So far there haven’t been straight-up supply shortages, though you may need to hunt around a bit online (Walmart seems to be doing a good job of keeping them stock). There’s two versions: one with red and blue controllers and one with gray controllers. Your pick — either add a dash of color or keep it relatively subdued.
As paradoxical as it sounds, the Apple Watch is actually a really fantastic tool for disconnecting. Instead of getting sucked into your phone every time you check a single text, you can field all of your notifications with just a flick of the wrist.
There are also countless cool little things you can do with an Apple Watch that’ll make your life infinitely better, like pay for your coffee with just a wave of your wrist using Apple Pay (which, frankly, never stops feeling like magic), unlock your MacBook with just your presence, remotely control your iPhone’s camera so you can get that perfect group pic, set a series of silent alarms that’ll buzz you awake without bothering your partner, and so much more.
ButterFox Nintendo Switch Hard Carrying Case
Up until very recently, when I’ve been carrying my Switch, I’d been using a wool sock. It’s not a great look — nobody wants to see you pull out a sock from your bag on the subway. Still, you want to protect the Switch’s screen, especially if it’s bouncing around with your keys or other bits of metal. A carrying case is a must, and the ButterFox Carrying Case does the best job of helping you keep everything organized.
If you’ve been on the fence about whether or not to join Team Smartwatch, maybe this will help you make up your mind. Right now the Series 1 — the classic, most cost-effective model — is $70 off at Macy’s for the holiday season.
amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector
Still, if you want to make extra sure the Switch’s screen stays pristine, a screen protector can buy you some peace of mind. The amFilm screen protector gets high marks across the board, both for protecting your screen and for not dimming or ruining the images once you have it in place.
Anker PowerCore+ 26800 PD with 30W Power Delivery Charger
If you’re taking a cross-country flight — or find your Switch running low on battery on a regular basis — a power bank is a must-have. The Anker PowerCore+ allows you to charge even while playing, meaning you can get around 20 hours of total playing time from one power bank before needing to recharge.
Nintendo Switch Pro Controller
The Joy-Con controllers that come with the Switch can feel a little crowded when slotted into the frame meant for couch play. If you plan on doing a lot of your gaming on the Switch while in your living room, grab the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller, especially if you have larger hands.
Panasonic Ergofit HJE120 Earbuds
One of the major downsides of the Switch is that it doesn’t support Bluetooth headphones, so if your smartphone has led to largely wireless lifestyle, you can find yourself with the Switch on the go and no way to listen in on your game. These HJE120s are still my favorite cheap earbuds — grab a pair and stash them in your carrying case to make sure you’re never without audio.
Despite being on the market for only nine months, the Switch’s lineup is truly impressive. Here’s a quick rundown of some of my favorite titles, from the massive hits to some truly charming indie titles. I tried to stay away from reissues as much as possible — if you know you loved Mario Kart 8 before, you’ll still love it on the Switch.
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Perhaps the reason to own a Switch, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is a wildly experimental take on a classic character that manages to feel both wholly new and completely a part of a franchise now over 30 years old. A masterpiece, full stop.
Super Mario Odyssey is incredibly fun — but more importantly, it’s incredibly weird, starting with the fact that your hat can possess other characters’ bodies. It’s as if the designers simply continued to say “Why not?” to every possible type of gameplay mechanic. It could have been a shambolic mess. Instead it’s the best Mario game since Super Mario 64.
Golf Story
On paper, there’s no way this game should work. It’s a combination of an old-school Japanese RPG and, uh, golf. But it manages to nail every bit of its gameplay — progression is fun, with no grind, characters are memorable, and there’s a strong streak of absurdist humor that carries everything along.
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
Another oddball combination that shouldn’t work, this mixes Mario, a cartoon franchise few outside of France are likely aware of, and turn-based tactical combat. Mario has a gun. Yoshi throws grenades. But it all works, and it quickly ate up most of my summer.
Stardew Valley
In Stardew Valley, you inherit a farm, plant crops, and get to know your neighbors. That’s really about it. But planting crops can be a full-time job until you start to get the hang of it, your neighbors can be prickly or friendly depending on how you approach them, and there’s more going on in town than meets the eye. But the heart of the game is still just tending to your farm, making sure everything is working. It’s relaxing while still being challenging. The perfect game for playing for ten minutes — or, if you’re not careful, ten hours.
Battle Chef Brigade
Another indie charmer, Battle Chef Brigade is set in a world where an Iron Chef competition is the centerpiece of an entire kingdom. The one twist: You’re cooking up monsters, and you gotta hunt them down before you cook. Part side-scrolling brawler, part match-three puzzler, and featuring beautiful hand-drawn graphics.
Hungry for more Black Friday tech deals? Check out our roundup of the best buys from around the web here.
A perfect gift (or a great gift for yourself), this is the cheapest Xbox One S has ever been, at $189, $50 off its normal price. It’s a great price for a very solid console — we especially dig its backward compatibility, which lets me delve into older titles like Red Dead Redemption of the Fable series from the last console generation. Plus you can snag a free game with it.
Microsoft’s Surface Pro is still king of the hill when it comes to hybrid laptops. I can attest that it really can replace a laptop if you’re not doing things that require a ton of processing power. There are two deals here. The Surface Pro i5 with 128GB storage is $229 off, bringing it down to $899. And the Surface Pro i5 with 256 GB of storage is $329 off, bringing it down to an even $1,099. Both come bundled with the Black Type Cover.
We loved the sound of the Harman Kardon Invoke smart speaker when we tried it out earlier this year, and Cortana is a surprisingly agile voice assistant. Microsoft has taken $100 off its price for Black Friday, making it just $99.
Want to finish your holiday shopping while killing time in your cubicle? Cyber Monday has you covered. After combing through hundreds of sales, here are some of the best gadget deals out there.
Panasonic Ergofit Earbuds
Sennheiser HD-1 Wireless Noise Cancelling On-Ear Headphones
Bose SoundSport Wireless Headphones
1More Triple and Quad Driver in-Ear Headphones
Brother Printer EHLL2320D Compact Laser Printer
Your life may be mainly digital, but old-school institutions like banks, hospitals, and auto dealers still require a ton of paperwork — like, actual paper. Having a printer at home saves you from that awkward moment of printing out personal info on your shared work printer, and at just a tiny footprint and $30 off its normal price, this laser printer is a steal.
Oculus Rift Headset and Touch Controllers
A year ago, getting virtual reality up and running was a pricey proposition. Now, VR-ready headsets have dropped dramatically in price. The Oculus Rift headset is even cheaper on Cyber Monday, down $50 from $400 to $350.
Sony X720E 4K Ultra HD LED TVs
There’s deep discounts across a range of Sony X720Es, its mid-range 4K TV. Sleek styling, HDR, and Sony’s much-improved smart TV functionality all come built-in. The 43-inch model gets a discount of $70, down from $548 to $478. The 49-inch gets a $70 drop, from $598 to $528. And the 55-inch sees a $100 knocked off its price, from $698 to $598.
Samsung 40-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV
LG C7P OLED 4K Ultra HD TVs
Acer Chromebook 11
Asus Chromebook Flip
Razer Blade 14-Inch Gaming Laptop
Google Home Mini
Bose QuietComfort 25 Noise-Canceling Headphones
I’m a big fan of cheap earbuds, and the Panasonic Ergofits are my favorite: a stellar combo of good sound and low price. Amazon has dropped the price on the version with a mic (the TCM125s) by $3, and the version without (the HJE120s) by $2. I’m grabbing three or four for myself.
Walmart’s Google Home Mini deal has a slick coupon embedded in it. Not only do you get a tiny little Google Home for $20 off, if you link up your Walmart account to Google Express, you nab a $25 coupon — bringing the effective price down to $4. Not bad!
Great for the cubicle dweller in an open office, or someone who takes a lot of long flights, these Bose headphones get $100 knocked off their normal list price, making them just $179.
One of the best headphone deals going down on Cyber Monday is a steep price drop on the on-ear version of the Sennheiser HD-1s. Great sound with enough noise-canceling to keep out the road of the city, luxe retro styling, and, with $100 off of its normal price, just $250.
My pick for the best workout headphones out there, the Bose SoundSports has a nice price drop, down from $129 to $99.
1More is a relatively new company out of San Diego that’s already built up a reputation for great-sounding and stylish earbuds on a budget. This Cyber Monday deal knocks down the price on their Triple and Quad Driver earbuds — the Triple Driver goes down to $71.50 from $100, and the higher-quality Quads go down from $250 to $150. Both are great headphones, made better by solid discounts.
Perfect for a smaller apartment (or a second TV), this 40-inch Samsung has 4K and HDR, and gets $50 knocked off its asking price, bringing it down from $400 to $350.
Far and away the best TV on the market, this is the cheapest I’ve ever seen LG go on their superb OLED screens. You can get a 55-inch screen for $1,696, and a 65-inch panel for $2,696.
If you’re looking for a Chromebook on the cheap, it doesn’t get much better than the Acer Chromebook 11. It checks all the boxes you need (good keyboard, decent screen, enough RAM it won’t choke when loading up Netflix or YouTube) without even coming close to breaking the bank — especially with $70 off, down from $200 to just $130.
One the year’s best-reviewed Chromebooks, this two-in-one can swing 360 degrees to transform into a tablet, has an HD touchscreen, weighs just 2.65 pounds, and get ten hours of battery life off a charge. If you want a Chromebook that doesn’t feel like a compromise, this is it — especially with $65 off its normal price, down from $450 to $385.
Razer’s Blade series, bad pun aside, is at the top of the gaming laptop heap. It manages to pack in a ton of power (seventh-gen i7 processor, a discrete GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card, more RAM than many desktop gaming rigs), but it doesn’t have the ugly Mountain Dew–ish styling of many gaming laptops. You can get it up to $200 on various models on Cyber Monday.
Samsung’s Galaxy S8 was one of the best phones put out in 2017: Beautiful screen, sleek industrial design that also happens to be waterproof, a nimble OS (especially if you take the time to strip out a few extra bits of Samsung bloat), and — an increasing rarity in premium smartphones — it comes with a 3.5 mm headphone jack.
For Cyber Monday, you can get an unlocked 64 GB version of the S8 for $574, nearly $200 off its list price of $750. If you’ve been wanting to upgrade your phone, this is a good place to jump on, especially if you can afford to pay up front.
I really liked the S8 when I reviewed it earlier this year — my one real quibble was that it was awfully pricey. This discount changes that up a bit; I’m actually in the market for decent new phone, and the S8 at this price may end up getting my money.
Cristiano Ronaldo is finally hot in bronze. A new bust of the soccer player was unveiled recently at the Real Madrid Museum and it looks very different from last March’s version at the Madeira airport which was, uh, bad. That statue looked less like Ronaldo and more like if you let your semi-artistic kid go to town with some Play-Doh and then cast the result in bronze. This version seems more accurate. If I were a certain, very famous, Portuguese athlete I’d be content.
The original bust was created by sculptor Emanuel Santos, who was quick to defend his work. “Not even Jesus pleased everyone,” Santos said. “This is a matter of taste, it’s not as simple as it seems.” Santos, oddly, was not asked to do the second sculpting, despite the flurry of good memes his first attempt inspired. Instead, the new bust is a work from José Antonio Navarro Arteaga, who has thus far, to this blogger’s knowledge, not compared himself to Jesus.
Jamal Hinton and Wanda Dench ate Thanksgiving dinner together last year. Which might not, on its head, seem newsworthy, except that prior to the holiday, the two, who live in Arizona, had never met. Their introduction happened when Dench mistakenly texted Hinton the details for the day, thinking he was her actual grandchild. Hinton explained that she had the wrong number — the two exchanged selfies — but asked if he could still come to dinner. Dench said yes, and a charming, viral internet story was born.
Pictured above: Former president of the United States Barack Obama at Mitch’s Sushi Bar in Oahu, wielding a long, thin knife. Thanks to Facebook’s global community of 2 billion users, we now know that the 44th president enjoyed some sushi this weekend.
This year, the pair reunited on Thanksgiving. Which is very sweet and a nice reminder that maybe not everybody on planet Earth is a total piece of garbage. Just most people.
As his blade studies continue, the former president has reportedly been browsing the dark web searching for a cheap pair of sai to add to his arsenal. He is also reportedly headed to Costco for a bulk pack of bottled water to slice open in a YouTube video.
Also congrats to whomever of the two is the proud new owner of an iPhone X. Just look at the Portrait Mode on that selfie.
As a wise neckbeard once said:
Snapchat, facing not-so-great stock performance in the months following its overhyped IPO, is redesigning its app to make it easier for people to use. The big change hasn’t happened yet, but the company did recently introduce a new feature. Now, if you take a picture of something — like a pet, a beach, a concert stage, or a steak — the app will be able to identify what it’s looking at and offer you a custom, related filter.
The filters work using Snap’s patented object-recognition technology, Engadget reports. From my limited and unscientific testing, I thought it worked pretty well. A picture of my dog prompted a “Tricks for Treat” option, while a picture — taken from Google Images on my computer screen — of a hot dog yielded one reading “Nomz.” It’s unclear if this will be enough to stop the ongoing exodus from Snapchat to Instagram Stories, but it’s fun enough in the meanwhile. Think of all the subway good-boy snap possibilities.
Two Decembers ago, I unwrapped a gift from my office Secret Santa to find a paint-your-own-cat mug and a nine-foot iPhone charging cable. The mug, uh, wasn’t long for this world — I hate cats, so it was mostly a joke anyway — but the cable turned out to be one of the best gifts I’ve ever received.
As much as I’d like to be one of those holier-than-thou types who sleeps with her phone silenced in a different room … I’m not. If I’m being fully honest, most nights I sleep with my phone on my pillow, or even in my hand, with the volume turned all the way up. You know, just in case my parents, or Hillary Clinton, or a teen with a hot meme tip needs to get ahold of me at 2 a.m. Before I was given an extra-long cable, this meant I’d charge my phone all day at the office and hope the battery would hold out long enough to ensure that my alarm would go off in the morning. Or if I hadn’t charged my phone enough, it meant plugging my phone into the wall with my Apple-issued cable and then contorting my body — or worse, getting out of bed — every time I wanted to check it throughout the night. Now, I just plug my phone in, stretch the cable, with its ample slack, to my pillow, and pass out. At least until my phone goes off.
The long charger does more than just enable my, admittedly, bad sleep habits. It’s great for those times when you want to use your phone while it’s plugged in — when your battery is running low or you’re binge-watching something — and you don’t feel like seating yourself two feet from an outlet. (Our friends over at the Strategist have sung the praises of the superlong charger in the past.) Apple’s standard charging cables ought to be this long, but since they aren’t, you can take this as an opportunity to buy a genuinely useful, and fairly cheap, gift for every iPhone owner you know. If you want to get crafty, you could even use it to tie as a bow around another gift. But honestly, the charger is probably enough.
I really, really like the Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones — I named them my favorite wireless headphones last year. So did a lot of people; Sennheiser reissued the Momentums at the beginning of 2017 as the HD-1s (chalk it up to a naming rights issue).
These HD-1s are still the same headphones I loved last year, albeit the on-ear versus over-ear variety. You still get great sound with deep, unmuddied bass and crisp high-end sound that isn’t overly harsh. The retro styling — especially in the ivory color — makes me feel like I’m an extra in Dazed and Confused. And the price right now, at $250, is pretty unbeatable for high-end wireless headphones, where you can easily spend $500.
I’ve already got a pair of these, but if I didn’t, I’d be grabbing them right now while they’re on sale. And considering that my wife often swipes the pair that I do have, I may end up buying another regardless.
This 55-inch TV from LG is far and away one of the best on the market: It’s got 4K Ultra HD picture clarity, built-in smart functionality (a.k.a. it’s a Netflix-lover’s dream), an OLED screen so gorgeous it will probably ruin all other TVs for you, and — to top it all off — the whole thing’s thinner than a pencil.
Companies aren’t always good at dealing with the torrents of anger frequently unleashed by social media. What risk-averse executives and social-media managers often fail to realize is that the subset of people who use social media do not represent the broader world, and further, that the subset of people who get extremely mad on social media don’t even represent the subset of people who use social media. A small group of extremely angry people — people who may or may not even be actual customers of a given company — can easily flood that company’s social-media outposts with white-hot anger that feels like it represents something bigger and broader and more threatening to the company’s interests than it actually is.
The article runs down a “new study conducted by Engagement Labs, a Canadian company that analyzes conversations around brands,” which, in examining 170 of them, “found that companies often wrongly saw social media as an accurate and sufficient guide for tracking consumer sentiment. Often, though, that social conversation might be much different from what people are saying in private conversations with friends and family, the study said.”
This dilemma — when can online anger be safely ignored or shunted aside, and when does it need to be engaged with? — is a tricky one for companies, and an interesting article in the New York Times emphasizes the extent to which online and offline sentiments about a given company, or a given company’s latest move, are often wildly divergent.
It basically all boils down to some basic facts about the psychology of social-media participation:
What’s the answer? Online anger should be seen as “a wake-up call, a warning that something is afoot and there is a negative force there,” according to Elissa Moses, the chief executive of neuroscience and behavioral science for Ipsos, as she’s quoted in the Times article. After that, it requires some actual digging to figure out if offline people — normal people — feel the same way. If they do, then the company in question might have a legitimate problem on their hands. Oftentimes, though, it’s likely that even as a conflagration is engulfing a company’s social-media presence, offline there will be nothing but the usual chatter.
The article cites multiple examples of instances when companies, bludgeoned by online anger, felt like they were facing a genuine consumer revolt, only to zoom out a bit and find out that they, well, weren’t. When Donald Trump blasted Nordstrom after it dropped Ivanka’s clothing line (a totally normal thing for a sitting president to do, of course), for example, it unleashed a fierce online firestorm, but didn’t translate, as far as Nordstrom can tell, to any lasting damage to the brand. And when the mattress company Nectar underestimated initial demand for its product, leading to long wait times, it led to a great deal of highly visible online anger — but when the CEO “reached out to customers through online and phone surveys, he discovered they had no interest in canceling their orders. The more candid he was about the inventory debacle and shipping delays, the more customers seemed to respond.” Online attempts to hit back at Chick-fil-A over its chief executive’s anti-gay-marriage stance were similarly ineffectual.
We’re all in something of an adolescence when it comes to social media. In a lot of areas, people don’t know what to make of certain online conversations simply because so many standard conversational norms and rules and guardrails have been upended (20 years ago, it was much harder to bombard someone with death threats knowing that there was almost zero chance of being held accountable for it). So sometimes they respond similarly to how they would were the conversation in question taking place offline — traditionally, if a company got what felt like a flood of complaints, it probably meant something meaningful, because the cost of communicating with a company was higher. Today, I could send 100 angry tweets to a 100 companies in the next hour if I wanted.
The classic example of this delta between social-media and IRL anger is Gamergate, during which a group of particularly resentful gamers realized that it was possible, through social-media savvy, to manipulate companies into thinking they represented a seething mass of furious consumers, rather than a relatively small group concerned with very niche issues. Thanks to an aggressive social-media campaign (plus direct contact with the company), Gamergaters got Intel to pull its ads from a game-developer website called Gamasutra over an infamous-to-angry-Gamergaters article by Leigh Alexander claiming that “gamers are over”; a few weeks later, the group repeated the same stunt with a variety of advertisers on the now-defunct gossip website Gawker after a Gawker staffer made a jokey tweet about how society should “bring back bullying” to deal with Gamergaters. Intel and other major advertisers either didn’t realize the truth about Gamergate’s actual size and scope, or chose to ignore it — it was easier to give into the very angry online mob.
Normally, such a jaw-dropping display comes at an equally jaw-dropping price, but today, on the holiest of all holidays, Cyber Monday, you can get a 55-inch TV for $1,497, roughly $800 off its usual list price of $2,300. This is by far the cheapest price I’ve ever seen on an OLED TV — which makes sense, as they’re pretty complex machines — so expect this deal to go fast.
I got some screen time with one of LG’s OLED TVs earlier this year, and let me tell you, if you’re not going home with one, you probably shouldn’t even dare to look at one, because these things will make whatever you have at home look like a CRT (that old, boxy thing you had back in the day). And although it’s definitely not a small purchase, this sort of discount is hard to ignore.
Today, you can snag the sensational new first-person shooter, Wolfenstein: The New Colossus, for just $25. That’s more than 50 percent off! A steal if I ever saw one, and a great stocking stuffer — provided that the recipient is of a level of maturity such that he or she can process brutal, bloody violence. It is, after all, a game about Nazis. I played it last week and enjoyed it very much. If you want, you can ratchet down the difficulty level to its easiest setting and just enjoy the complex narrative in which all-American hero B.J. Blazkowicz examines his own identity and mortality in the midst of garish authoritarianism the likes of which you’ve probably never seen. Again, you can click this link to buy it.
While you’re at it, why not buy a TV to play it on, and headphones so you won’t wake up your roommate? For that matter, there must be some other gadgets you want. A phone, maybe?
If the late 2000s were the era of SEO, with posts and headlines crammed full of highly searchable keywords, and the 2010s have so far been the era of social, with aggressively enthusiastic posts written for a Facebook audience in a stilted conversational tone, we’re now staring down the barrel of a new era: the Deals Era, featuring posts that, well, identify deals.
Media websites had hoped that reaching audiences of sufficient scale would allow them to sell advertising at rates that would at least keep them in business. But it’s becoming increasingly clear that relying on Google search and Facebook sharing to reach vast audiences is a trickier business than imagined, and it’s not clear that even audiences in the hundreds of millions can attract a sustainable level of advertising.
But banner ads have not been as lucrative as media organizations might have hoped, in part thanks to the emergence of megaplatforms like Facebook and Google, which offer something that the media organizations don’t: precisely targeted ads sold through an automated process. This is known as “programmatic advertising.” Instead of going through publications that readers enjoyed, advertisers could just reach them directly through their social network or search engine of choice. Seventy cents of every dollar spent on advertising now goes to Google or Facebook, and they account for almost all of the online ad industry’s growth.
Is it working? Sure! At the time it was sold at a bankruptcy auction in 2016, Gawker Media’s editorial budget was covered entirely by the revenue it earned from e-commerce commissions. The Wirecutter was picked up by the New York Times for $30 million earlier this year. A lot of money is being spent on e-commerce operations now, unlike what you might spend on Wolfenstein: The New Colossus today. Just 25 buckaroos.
The question, of course, is whether or not e-commerce represents the promised land of sustainability. And the answer is … almost certainly not. Ten years ago, sites relied on search traffic from places like Google; five years ago, they relied on social-media-referral traffic from places like Facebook. Neither of those plans worked out in the long term, so why should anyone expect another megaplatform — in this case, Amazon — to be any safer? A more likely outcome is that by dangling new streams of readership and revenue in front of the web, Amazon can cement its power just as Google and Facebook have done. Thanks to their roles in providing revenue models for publications, these megaplatforms are shaping the way you read online. They are enormous, looming over everything, like a colossus. Which reminds me …
You don’t even have to buy that stuff here. You could try the Verge, or the New York Times’ product-recommendation site, the Wirecutter. Yes, if you are browsing the internet today, you might have noticed that it’s Cyber Monday thanks to deals posts from your favorite blogs (such as this one!).
David Karp, the founder of the blogging platform and social network Tumblr, announced today (in an email whose subject line was an infamous Tumblr meme, of course) that he’s stepping down from the company at the end of this year. It’s not a huge surprise — since Tumblr was purchased by Yahoo in 2014, it’s felt inevitable that Karp would leave — but his departure still brings the social network’s already-shaky outlook even further into question now that Yahoo is owned by Verizon.
You might not even know that Prince Harry is now engaged because all the blogs are just talking about Cyber Monday. This year, Wirecutter assembled a 65-person Black Friday/Cyber Monday war room. BuzzFeed now employs 19 people to write these types of product-recommendation articles; Time Inc. U.K. had 20. Even CNN, on relatively stable financial footing, is getting into the game. Food site Serious Eats is linking out recipe ingredients to Amazon. Wired magazine, which arguably invented “gadgets” as a beat, is aggressively expanding into link-driven product recommendation. As one Wired editor put it: “We were leaving money on the table.” (As you would be, if you don’t purchase Wolfenstein: the New Colossus, available below for a whopping 50 percent off.)
In an email featuring a subject line with a quote from Bee Movie, a popular meme on the platform, Karp said, “It is truly overwhelming to write those words.” Taking over for him in his absence will be Tumblr president and COO Jeff D’Onofrio and Oath executive Simon Khalaf. “They are both true believers in what we’ve built and how much we can still do,” he said.
The Deals Era, like everything else, has its roots in a sea change in media business models. Over the last couple decades, a lot of people have gotten used to reading news online for free. In order to make money, most news sites online have sold advertising — generally in the form of banner ads, space on the website that they sold to advertisers.
Tumblr was bought by Yahoo in 2013 for a staggering $1 billion, the first major acquisition for CEO Marissa Mayer, who sought to infuse the legacy brand with a younger, cooler user base. Since its founding, Tumblr had become a hub for young people to geek out on, and its structure of reblogs and resharing others’ content created a sitewide conversation known semi-jokingly as “the Discourse.”
But for all of its substantial influence, Tumblr has had problems with monetization and finding a consistent source of revenue. Mismanagement and miscommunication between the site and the Yahoo mothership derailed initiatives, and rumors occasionally circulated about the site’s possible closure, especially in light of Verizon’s acquisition of Yahoo. Karp, in the meantime, remained at the company trying to steer it in the right direction, surviving not one but two acquisitions.
“I beg you to understand that my decision comes after months of reflection on my personal ambitions, and at no cost to my hopefulness for Tumblr’s future or the impact I know it can have,” he wrote to staff. “The internet is at a crossroads of which this team can play a fundamental role in shaping.”
“I look back with so much pride,” he said. “At a generation of artists, writers, creators, curators, and crusaders that have redefined our culture, and who we have helped to empower.” He’s not necessarily wrong.
It’s unknown what Karp plans to do next. Assuming he got a pretty hefty chunk of that $1 billion purchase price, he might just ride off into the sunset.
So media executives everywhere are getting “revenue diversification” tattooed on their necks, and many are turning to an appealing third option: referral commissions. With more and more people shopping online, internet marketplaces like Amazon had an idea: What if sites that referred customers to them got a cut of the proceeds? Rather than relying on ads, sites (including Select All) are leveraging the trust they’ve built with readers to make product recommendations — like Wolfenstein: The New Colossus, rated 87 out of 100 on Metacritic.
Looking for a difference price range? We’ve got gifts for under $25, $50, $100, and $250, too.
Bad news, folks: We’re nearing “trend story” levels that Airbnb hosts are installing carefully disguised video cameras in their homes to spy on guests while they’re away.
Turns out, this was more than just a tweet — it actually happened. “As soon as we were made aware of this incident, we permanently banned this host from our community and supported our guests with a full refund and reimbursement for expenses incurred,” Airbnb spokesperson Jeff Henry told Select All. Unfortunately, this is far from the first time such an incident has occurred.
Last month, an Indiana couple had a similar experience after deciding to take a closer look at a smoke detector located in the master bedroom of their Floridian Airbnb. (Which, by the way, had over 40 reviews from other supposedly satisfied guests.) Inside they found a hidden camera pointed directly at their bed, which had apparently been on and recording (in HD quality, no less) since their arrival. A German woman actually sued Airbnb for negligence (among other things) a couple of years ago after finding a wireless camera installed in the living room of her California rental. This case and others led the company to adopt an official electronic surveillance policy for hosts back in November of 2014, which explicitly prohibits the use of any and all surveillance devices in private spaces (like bedrooms, bathrooms, or basically any other place you’re likely to be naked), and requires that hosts disclose the presence of all recording equipment used in public spaces on their listing page.
Though that doesn’t mean that they’re likely to do so. “I bought a camera to spy on you while you watch Netflix” isn’t exactly the sort of message most Airbnb hosts are going for these days. And given the whole “hidden” aspect of the hidden camera, it seems pretty likely that most would go unnoticed by guests. Here in the Year of Our Lord 2017, hidden cameras are also pretty damn cheap and can be delivered to your doorstep in just a day or two. (Thanks, Amazon.) A quick Google search revealed a number of “secret spy cameras” and “discreet surveillance cams” easily available for purchase, most of which were under $50, and almost all of which looked like normal, everyday household objects.
The best thing about being with family for the holidays is realizing everybody else is achieving major conventional milestones — marriage, kids, remembering to mail the rent check before the last possible day of the month — and you’re like, “well, sometimes I tweet dumb things.” If this describes you, then you, like me, are Emily. Emily’s family Christmas card photo went viral on Twitter this week because, well, just look at it. We’ve all been an Emily at one point or another.
If this gag looks familiar to you, you probably are have (a) a good memory, and (b) spend too much time online. Several years back, a different family went viral with their card brought to you by the letter E. Except instead of “Emily,” probably because their son’s name wasn’t Emily, they went with “egg salad.”
Excellent.
So, for the nervous Airbnb aficionado, what is there to do? In short, not much. Yeah, I know that’s a lame answer. Sure, you could go open up your favorite shopping platform, search “hidden cameras,” memorize each and every last spy alarm clock and secret coat hook on there, and go scour your next Airbnb rental for matches, but do you really think that’s going to help? Honestly, the best course of action here is probably just to be more aware of your surroundings next time you rent. (I can hear your cries of lame! from over here, don’t worry.) Check to see if anything looks out of place — like a smoke alarm directly over the bed, or a motion detector in only one room — and go from there.
As the moral panic over YouTube’s “disturbing kid content” problem grows, advertisers have paused spending on the video site. Major advertisers like Mars, Adidas, and alcohol conglomerate Diageo have stopped buying ads as parents voice their concerns over sexually explicit comments being left on children’s videos, and misleading content on the platform — videos that portray themselves as kid-oriented but are actually much weirder and more unsettling.
So that’s good. Will it bring advertisers back? That’s unclear. This is the second time in less than a year that prominent spenders have left YouTube over concerns that their products were being featured alongside undesirable content. Prior to this controversy, advertisers fled after discovering they were featured alongside white-supremacist videos. That’s the beauty of programmatic ads: You don’t have to really think about it, until you’re accidentally tied to racists and creeps.
Yesterday, Vice News reported that in the hopes of stanching the bleeding, YouTube has killed ads on more than 50,000 channels “masquerading as family-friendly content.” That includes more than 2 million videos. In addition, the company “terminated more than 270 accounts and removed over 150,000 videos from our platform in the last week” and “turned off comments on over 625,000 videos targeted by child predators.”
There are two kinds of people who use Airbnb. The types who plan, pick the place, and pony up the money up front to rent it. And everybody else who is planning to stay in said house or condo or yurt who now owes the first person some money. Today, Airbnb rolled out a new feature that eliminates this process. Now, users can split payments within the platform with groups of up to 16 people. When a person requests a booking, they’ll pay their portion and then the rest of the group will have 72 hours to pay theirs to complete the reservation.
Back in 2016, Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky asked on Twitter what the company should launch in 2017. Split payments, Airbnb said in a blog post today announcing the rollout, was among the top responses. Airbnb also says 43 percent of group-trip travelers — the ones who put up the money to travel in the first place — have lost over $1,000 in money they were never repaid. Of course, using Airbnb’s system means you don’t get to subtly brag that you’re going on a very cool trip with a select group of friends by Venmo-ing seven people with a cryptic string of vacation emoji. But it also means you’re probably more likely to get paid.
The holiday gifting season is officially upon us, folks. To help you deal, we’ve put together this helpful list of all of our favorite tech recs from the past few years — because there’s no need to worry about stuff like which iPhone is right for you or what phone case you should buy when we’ve already done all the hard work for you. Think of this as your guide to all things gadget: from stocking stuffers to splurges, we’ve got you covered.
Also — be sure to check back, because we’ll be updating this page as the season continues.
The 12 Best Gadget Gifts If You Want to Splurge
The 18 Best Gadget Gifts Under $250
The 20 Best Gadget Gifts Under $25
The 16 Best Gadget Gifts Under $50
The 11 Best Gadget Gifts Under $100
The Best Stocking Stuffer Is This Supercheap, Superlong Phone Charger
This Portable Battery Keeps My Phone Charged for a Week
You Should Get an Apple Watch
The Best Touchscreen Gloves
The Amazon HD Fire 10 Is a Comic-Book Fan’s Dream Tablet
OnePlus 5T: A Premium Phone for a Non-Premium Price
Budget Phones You Won’t Regret
What Are the Best Wireless Headphones for a Serious Audiophile?
The Best Wireless Chargers for iPhone 8 and iPhone X
I Love My $5 Headphones and I Bet You Will, Too
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Review: The Best Phone Around — for Now
Why You Want a Streaming Set-Top Box (and Which One You Should Get)
An Actual-Reality Guide to Virtual-Reality Headsets
4 Activity Trackers That Don’t Look Like Tron Castoffs
Help! My TV Sounds Like Crap
iPhone X vs. iPhone 8: Which One Should I Get?
A Semi-Exhaustive Nintendo Switch Gift Guide
The Best Laptops for Every Kind of College Student
The Xbox One X Is the Best Console You Can Own. Should You Get It?
The Best Cases for Your Shiny New iPhone X
The Best iPhone Cases
Sonos One: A Smart Speaker That Actually Sounds Great
Google Pixel 2 Review: Shoot Your Shot
The Samsung Chromebook Plus: A Good Laptop and a Killer Tablet
Why You Should Get an Echo Dot
You Should Buy an Amazon Echo — Right Now
Uber? More like Oops!-er, because they’ve been goofing up a lot in their legal battle against Alphabet’s Waymo, which contends that Uber stole secrets from them in order to develop self-driving cars. It got worse today when a former Uber employee laid out the different methods he claimed that Uber had for subverting the law.
But, he said, “There was legal training around the use of attorney-client privilege markings on written materials and the implementation of encrypted and ephemeral communications intended to destroy communications that might be considered sensitive.”
The trial between Uber and Waymo, which was set to begin tomorrow, is now being delayed. The contents of a letter that Jacobs’s lawyers wrote was almost entirely redacted when mentioned in court documents today, but contained information concerning enough that Judge William Alsup saw fit to delay the trial. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, Alsup was “visibly angry.”
Jacobs walked back some of the statements in the document, saying he hadn’t closely read all 37 pages that went to Uber’s attorneys. Still, today’s events cast a shadow even further over Uber’s dubious conduct regarding obfuscation and outright unethical behavior. The trial hasn’t even started, and already the company has lost the benefit of the doubt from the judge running the show.
Richard Jacobs, who previously worked on the ride-share company’s corporate surveillance team, privately told federal prosecutors about the company’s tactics earlier this year and testified about them in court on Tuesday. In addition to the Waymo lawsuit, the government is also investigating Uber’s practices. The strategic services group that Jacobs was a part of, he told the court today, was primarily focused on gaining advantages overseas, according to a recap from Bloomberg. He said he wasn’t aware of any attempts to steal trade secrets from American competitors.
Last month, an Indiana couple had a similar experience after deciding to take a closer look at a smoke detector located in the master bedroom of their Florida Airbnb. (Which, by the way, had over 40 reviews from other supposedly satisfied guests.) Inside they found a hidden camera pointed directly at their bed, which had apparently been on and recording (in HD quality, no less) since their arrival. A German woman actually sued Airbnb for negligence (among other things) a couple of years ago after finding a wireless camera installed in the living room of her California rental. This case and others led the company to adopt an official electronic surveillance policy for hosts back in November of 2014, which explicitly prohibits the use of any and all surveillance devices in private spaces (like bedrooms, bathrooms, or basically any other place you’re likely to be naked), and requires that hosts disclose the presence of all recording equipment used in public spaces on their listing page.
It must be nice to be the kind of person whose biggest concerns about Donald Trump involve his etiquette on Twitter. Specifically his etiquette this morning, when the president retweeted three videos from Jayda Fransen, leader of the far-right Britain First Party. One is captioned, “Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary!” Another reads, “Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death!” A third video shows what Fransen claims is a Muslim boy beating up a Dutch boy on crutches.
On Twitter, mixed in with cries from people genuinely concerned to see the leader of the free world retweeting such inflammatory and unverified content were the cries of people calling out Trump for how bad the tweets make him look. Among them was Paul Joseph Watson, whose Twitter bio describes him as “Infowars editor-at-large.” Yes. That’s the problem here. The “optics.”
As it turns out, the third video Trump tweeted does show a Dutch boy on crutches getting beaten up. It’s just that he’s, according to Dutch news outlets, not getting beaten up by a Muslim kid, but rather another Dutch boy, who happens to have dark hair and no crutches.
Piers Morgan, a man with a storied history of having bad opinions online, was likewise concerned.
After weeks of hints, Snapchat is releasing a reorganized and redesigned app today in the hopes of fending off the encroaching Facebook behemoth. It’s not too different from the Snapchat you already know, but it does signal a lot of the more philosophical differences that define the company.
The update is rolling out starting today. In the meantime, if you want to see Spiegel talk about it in video form, here you go.
Implied in all of this is, if you don’t want to deal with all of the corporate bullshit when checking your friends’ Stories, you won’t have to anymore. (Anecdotally, as someone who’s tried to stick to a strict policy of only following people I know on Instagram, there are merits to this approach.) The friends page has also been reorganized with a new sorting algorithm prioritizing the people that Snapchat thinks you want to contact most.
The big pitch for the new Snapchat redesign is “separating the social from media” (get it?). What co-founder and CEO Evan Spiegel means by this is a not-so-veiled shot at the Facebook News Feed, which has become an unappealing stew of sponsored posts, branded videos, misleading news stories and — tucked somewhere in between all of that — a few updates from your actual friends. The new Snapchat layout still opens up to the camera, but that camera acts as a buffer between a friends list on the left and the Discover page, the one full of news and brands and listicles and tabloid gossip, on the right.
In an editorial for Axios this morning, Spiegel wrote, “The Snapchat solution is to rely on algorithms based on your interests — not on the interests of ‘friends’ — and to make sure media companies also profit off the content they produce for our Discover platform. We think this helps guard against fake news and mindless scrambles for friends or unworthy distractions.”
Remember back in April when adding stories to a social platform was such A Thing that “[insert random thing ] will now have stories” became a meme? YouTube apparently just found out about the bit. This week, Google announced the company is introducing its own version of stories, the 24-hour content model invented by Snapchat and later borrowed, and improved by Instagram. YouTube’s version is called Reels.
That’s Ambassador Hello Kitty and Ambassador Pikachu to you. The two characters were appointed official ambassadors to the Japanese city of Osaka earlier this week by Foreign Minister Taro Kono, who asked the pair “to represent Japan and proactively (promote) the attraction of Osaka inside and outside of the country.” Their appointments are a move to help Osaka in its attempts to win a bid to host the 2025 World Expo. Not entirely sure how this does that, but hey, look how silly they look getting handed their official documents.
Congrats, guys. And remember, now that you’re important government representatives, it’s important not to retweet anything unverified, racist, and/or violence-inciting!
Reels will let creators splice together up to 30 seconds of video at a time. Like stories on other platforms users will be given editing tools, including filters, music, captions, and stickers. Unlike other platforms, users will be able to post more than one story, er, uh, reel at a time. Reels also won’t expire, unlike a story on Instagram or Snapchat. The feature isn’t currently available and is still being tested, the company told Tech Crunch. Once it’s released, it will be a part of YouTube’s social platform, Community. Community is available to all creators with over 10,000 followers. (That’s a recent change, previously Community was a more select group.)
One thing that conservatives online respect more than almost anything else is the First Amendment. You gotta be able to say whatever you want whenever you want even — especially? — if it’s really insulting or downright offensive. It’s really bad when online platforms owned and run by snowflake liberals censor the speech of their users, like white supremacists who might have some really interesting points.
It’s not clear how many people have gotten these robocalls, or why they received them. If I were a betting man, this isn’t a targeted campaign as much as it is a broad effort taking advantage of Trump-related paranoia and internet illiteracy. The identical call recordings seem like a quick and dirty solution meant to make people anxious in general.
So I guess it’s a bit curious that someone is orchestrating menacing robocalls threatening people who make “derogatory” comments about President Trump. According to Gizmodo, there have been a handful of recorded incidents over the past few months. The calls, which always come from different numbers, follow the same script each time.
Voice-mail sometimes cuts off the start of the recording, but it works like those voice-mail greetings your friends use to prank people (“Hello? [long pause.] Oh hey, what’s up, I’m not here right now…”). The script goes:
Some of the recipients told Gizmodo that the recording identified itself as affiliated with Citizens for Trump, a “grassroots organization” that has a section of its website devoted to sharing Trump-related memes.
After weeks of speculation, we now know who it was that caused — for a brief but blissful 11 minutes — Donald Trump’s Twitter account to be deactivated. TechCrunch reports that the man behind the incident was Bahtiyar Duysak, who lives in Germany and worked on the company’s Trust and Safety Division.
He was then approached by an acquaintance after reporters began trying to track down who, exactly, had banned Trump seemingly as a final kiss-off. It didn’t help that Twitter had framed the act as the work of an employee with nothing to lose, rather than a simple mistake. “I didn’t do anything that I was not authorized to do,” he told TechCrunch, claiming that he didn’t think anyone would actually shut down the account, which is protected as “newsworthy” and thus basically unbannable.
Still, we’ll always have those 11 minutes. How beautiful they were.
According to Duysak’s account, his last day at the company was relatively normal. Working up until the very end of his shift, an alert came in that Trump had, once again, been reported for violating the site’s rules. Writes TechCrunch, “Someone reported Trump’s account on Duysak’s last day; as a final, throwaway gesture, he put the wheels in motion to deactivate it. Then he closed his computer and left the building.”
On Wednesday morning, many of us woke up to find that Donald Trump had spent the morning retweeting Islamophobic videos originally tweeted by Jayda Fransen, leader of the far-right Britain First Party. The videos claimed to show a Muslim man destroying a statue of the Virgin Mary, an “Islamist mob” pushing a kid off of a roof, and a Muslim boy beating up a Dutch boy on crutches. The videos were unverified and shared without any sources; the third video was later found to be a video of two Dutch boys — the “Muslim boy” just happened to be a Dutch kid with dark hair contrasted to the boy on crutches who had blond hair.
This morning, a Twitter account called @British_First started tweeting similarly bogus videos at Donald Trump. In one, a “Muslim-trained pigeon hurls man on to train track.” This is clearly what is happening in this video. Other videos include an illegal immigrant’s dog tripping a man into falling into the ocean, and a man smoking his face off a road sign “booby-trapped by Muslim gang [to floor] patriot.” Again, all very real videos with accurate and honest descriptions of what is happening in them.
Donald Trump, if you’re reading this, definitely retweet these videos.
Never meet your heroes, folks. Yesterday, TechCrunch revealed the identity of the Twitter contractor who temporarily deleted Donald Trump’s account back at the beginning of November. Bahtiyar Duysak, lives in Germany and was working his last day with the company’s Trust and Safety Division when he took the account offline. It was restored 11 minutes later.
“I did a mistake, I confess,” Duysak told CNN Tech. “It’s not like I was looking for something or planning to do it. It was in front of me, and I didn’t do a good job, and I didn’t double-check things.” He also told CNN Tech that the United States is “the best country in the world,” and that he “admires Trump’s success.” What’s the German word for “milkshake duck”?
Back in 1934, William Carlos Williams sat down. Inspiration for his next poem struck him. I can just see it, he thought to himself. Eighty years from now, there will be a microblogging platform called Twitter where, in betwixt endless content about powerful men abusing women, and literal Nazis, people will delight in using my words to create tiny inside jokes for their friends. Yes, Williams muttered to himself. I must write this poem now so that it can become a meme in the year 2017. And so Williams picked up his pen and wrote “This Is Just to Say,” perhaps his most famous work behind “The Red Wheelbarrow.”
Forgive me.
Editor’s note: The account of William Carlos Williams’s decision to write ‘This Is Just to Say” is absolutely, 100 percent accurate, and we did not make it up.
The poem has seen life as a meme before. Back in 2015, aping “This Is Just to Say” was en vogue online. “Williams did not become famous for writing poetry until he was almost too old to enjoy it,” Stephen Burt of Harvard told New York Magazine at the time. “I think he would have liked the attention.” Which is good because we’re doing this again. Except this time around, people aren’t imitating the form of the Williams poem with new content, but rather the opposite — taking his poem’s content and reappropriating it in new forms. Instead of the original gag — using the poem’s format to write about the topic at hand — people are just plucking the key terms — “icebox” and “plums” — and wedging them into song lyrics. Which is a markedly easier bit than trying to match Williams’s stanzas syllable for syllable while talking about Donald Trump or North Korea or Call Me by Your Name.
Here’s “This Is Just to Say,” just in case you’ve, say, forgotten everything you were taught in tenth-grade English class:
Did you ever spend any of your hard-earned dollars on alleged brain-hacking, ingestible products from the start-up formerly known as Nootrobox, but now known, apparently, as HVMN? Well. Those of us who didn’t are laughing at you. Turns out, you were better off walking to the nearest street corner and just buying a cup of coffee.
In a study conducted by HVMN (it’s pronounced “human” because Latin, I guess), the company found that one of its nootropic supplements — a “cognitive enhancement” called SPRINT — was actually doing, uh, not a whole lot. It promised that its ingredients had been “selected for their immediate cognitive effects, specifically for their effects on alertness, focus, memory, and reaction time.”
About a month ago, representatives from Facebook, Twitter, and Google were summoned before Congress to testify about how foreign actors used social-media platforms to sow discord during the 2016 election. While most of the animosity was focused squarely on Facebook (understandable), there was one point when a senator zeroed in on Twitter’s acting general counsel, Sean Edgett. That senator was Arkansas Republican Tom Cotton.
This morning, it was reported that as part of a larger personnel shake-up, Cotton would likely be nominated as the next director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He is one of Congress’s most hawkish members and an important Trump ally.
He ended on this thought: “This kind of attitude, I would submit, is not acceptable to the large majority of Americans, and it’s going to be part of what would lead to unwise or imprudent regulation, not sensible and smart regulation.” Again, the message is unambiguous — tech companies need to willingly cooperate with the American intelligence community and its allies, or face punishment by regulation. What this means for your data isn’t yet clear, but it probably isn’t good.
He concluded his interrogation with a statement with a message as clear as can be: “Most American citizens would expect American companies to be willing to put the interests of our country above — not on par with — our adversaries.” For Cotton, likely the next director of the CIA, the worldwide but American-based tech companies that are in the business of Hoovering up as much data on users as possible — and then storing that data indefinitely and cataloguing it and analyzing it — are either for the United States or against it. There can be no in-between.
He then turned to the subject of WikiLeaks and its leader, Julian Assange, both of which have active accounts on Twitter. When Edgett explained that they were allowed to be on Twitter because the service does not want to appear biased with regards to policy enforcement, Cotton asked, rhetorically, “Is it biased to side with America over our adversaries?” (I mean, that’s like the definition of “bias,” but you know what he means.)
Cotton had a bone pick with Twitter over its relationship with Dataminr, a social-media-analysis company that helped the CIA perform surveillance work until that relationship became public in 2016. Worried about the optics, Twitter cut off intelligence agencies from harvesting data from its network. Asked about this decision by Cotton, Edgett said that not offering API access to intelligence firms was a global policy, not one specific to the U.S.
Cotton played up his befuddlement. “Do you see an equivalency between the Central Intelligence Agency and Russian intelligence services?” he asked. “So you will apply the same policy to our intelligence community that you’ll apply to an adversary’s intelligence services?”
Instead, you’d have seen better results by just ingesting some caffeine like the rest of us low-tech schmucks. “As we expected, the caffeine had some positive effects, but the SPRINT formulation they gave us was not really effective,” said Arjan Blokland, head of the Department of Neuropsychology and Psychopharmacology at Maastricht University, told CNBC after testing the stimulants. A bottle of SPRINT pills costs $40 for 60 pills. One or two pills is HVMN’s recommended dose — the pills are still for sale on the company’s site — and you’re not supposed to take more than eight in a single day.
“In healthy young students, caffeine improves memory performance and sensorimotor speed, whereas SPRINT does not affect the cognitive performance at the dose tested,” the study concluded. Time to go biohack something else, I guess.
In a new report in Bloomberg, five different women accuse venture capitalist Shervin Pishevar — he’s an investor in several top tech companies, including Uber and Airbnb — of sexual misconduct. All of the allegations are anonymous, with the women behind them “citing fears over the investor’s history of filing lawsuits and concerns that he could wield his influence in the tech industry to ruin their careers,” Bloomberg reports.
One woman says she took a dinner with Pishevar to discuss him possibly investing in her company. While there, she claims he told her he was getting a divorce, hit on her, and that he “forced himself on her, kissing and groping her.” Another says she met Pishevar for dinner in San Francisco in 2013 seeking career advice. When he invited her to his home after, she obliged. “He basically jumped on me, tried to put his tongue down my throat, and I stopped it,” the woman said. A third woman says Pishevar “tried to pressure her into having sex with him” despite her insistence — including documented Facebook messages — that she wanted to keep things professional. On a work trip in 2013, Pishevar booked the pair just one hotel room and allegedly performed oral sex against her wishes. “It felt really wrong, and it was really confusing at the time,” the woman told Bloomberg. “I just remember his big body on top of me. I was young enough to be his daughter.” Other women shared stories of forced kissing, and one particularly charming story involving Pishevar sitting on a couch showing pictures of vaginas to a female entrepreneur.
There’s one anecdote in the story involving a female Uber executive whose name is given, Austin Geidt. At an Uber party in December 2014, several people told Bloomberg they saw Pishevar inappropriately touching Geidt’s leg as she “squirmed away.” Geidt declined to comment on the story, but Pishevar — via a source sent to Bloomberg through his spokespeople — denies that the incident happened because he, as it happened, brought a pony on a leash to the party, and between the leash in one hand and a drink in the other couldn’t possibly have done the alleged touching. Pishevar denied the other allegations against him, too. “Shervin Pishevar is the victim of an organized smear campaign,” Pishevar’s representative told Business Insider. “Now, anonymous and untrue stories have suddenly surfaced concerning Mr. Pishevar. The assertions regarding the only person named have now been directly refuted by an eyewitness to the claimed events.”
Remember when Obama was inaugurated — twice — and at least a million people attended both times. And then Trump was inaugurated — once — and a pitiful 250,000 folks bothered to show up. And then Trump got very mad about it and made Sean Spicer lie about how it was the biggest event ever. Well, it’s happened again. At least the low-turnout bit. Crowds were noticeably thin during last night’s National Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony in D.C.
By comparison, photos from ceremonies during the Obama administration seem to show a much more body-filled event. Of course, we don’t have a head count, so we can’t say for certain, but either way, the optics aren’t great.
[Sings to the tune of “It’s Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas”] It’s beginning to look a lot like Trump-Pence!
Despite violating Twitter’s expressed rules against advocating violence on the basis of ethnicity and religion, the videos and the presidential endorsement remained live. In a statement yesterday, Twitter said:
Earlier this week, Donald Trump awoke and did what presidents have always done first thing in the morning: picked up their phone and got extremely rowdy online. Trump retweeted a number of videos from Jayda Fransen, a leader of the far-right group Britain First. The videos supposedly showed acts of violence committed by Muslims against white Europeans (in one of the videos, the violence was, in fact, being perpetrated by someone born and raised in the Netherlands). The videos — violent and incendiary — were roundly criticized, as was Trump’s endorsement and dissemination of them.
This afternoon, the company reversed course yet again, providing a different explanation. Put simply, the company says that while its media policy will be updated later this year to include posting videos like Fransen’s as a punishable offense, it does not yet.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey weighed in further.
In short, the company hasn’t shipped … a policy change. And that’s why hateful, violent videos are allowed to be spread by the president. After new rules “ship” later this month, Twitter will apparently then have the authority to take down those videos. Twitter is a private company that can do whatever it wants on its platform whenever it wants.
An Amazon customer got an unexpected package from an Amazon delivery driver this week. Sacramento resident Nemy Bautista posted a photo to Facebook on Tuesday, writing: “Amazon.com Why is your driver squatting in-front of my house? Let me give you a hint … he/she is not tying their shoes. I have it on video!”
A local ABC station was able to view the video, though it hasn’t been released to the public.
Amazon also sent Bautista an Amazon gift card. No word on how much it was for.
In a statement to KCRA-TV, the company said, “This does not reflect the high standards we have for delivery service providers. This individual is no longer delivering Amazon packages and we’re in direct communication with the customer.” Bautista says an Amazon representative arrived at his house later that evening to clean up the mess, though the rep had to borrow a bag.
The delivery person was part of Amazon’s extensive network of third-party delivery drivers, though it’s not clear if the driver was part of Amazon’s Flex program, which hires people individually to deliver packages for Amazon. Smaller third-party delivery contractors are increasingly delivering packages for Amazon as its logistic demands have quickly outstripped what FedEx, UPS, and the USPS can deliver. Amazon currently doesn’t allow customers to select their preferred delivery company.
A new House bill Ellison is introducing today would require the Federal Trade Commission and Department of Justice to conduct annual retrospective studies of how mergers impact prices, jobs, wages, and local economies. Right now, “the sole question regulators ask is whether a merger will be beneficial for consumers in terms of more choice, better quality products, or lower prices,” a legacy of legendary federal judge Robert Bork’s philosophy on antitrust, said Democratic California representative Ro Khanna, a bill co-sponsor.
“We have a data problem,” Keith Ellison says. He’s talking about mergers, like yesterday’s proposed purchase of Aetna by CVS, or this summer’s between Amazon and Whole Foods. “We don’t collect and have enough information that will help do the evaluation as to whether or not a given merger that takes place actually yielded the benefits that were promised.” So the Minnesota Democrat and co-chair of the DNC is going to try to fix that — along with the newly formed Congressional Antitrust Caucus.
Recent mergers that would qualify for study include Amazon’s purchase of Whole Foods, Walgreens’ purchase of its competitor Rite Aid, and the merging of chemical companies Dow and DuPont, which also make chemical-resistant genetically modified seeds. Mergers that occurred no earlier than three years before the bill’s passage, if it becomes law, will be considered.
While the bill — and the Antitrust Caucus — would bring a new scrutiny to the impacts of corporate consolidation, it’s not as though the effects of mergers and increasing concentration have gone completely unnoticed. Airline mergers during the Obama administration left four companies in control of 80 percent of the airline market, eroding the sort of competition that would push airline companies to offer more routes and lower ticket prices. A 2016 ProPublica exposé of the 2013 merger between American and US Airways mentioned by way of example that while fuel prices declined as much as 70 percent between 2014 and 2015, U.S. airline fares went down only 4 percent, and the newly combined American Airlines increased fees. The Justice Department launched a probe in 2015 into whether airlines were colluding to restrict seating, which could make it easier for them to hike fares, but reportedly didn’t find evidence to support an antitrust case.
And then, of course, there’s the tech industry. Facebook’s acquisitions of WhatsApp in 2014 and Instagram in 2012 — effectively snapping up two potential competitors before either had the chance to actually take on Facebook — have also raised concerns around how concentration hurts consumers. European regulators are investigating Facebook over plans to merge Facebook and WhatsApp data after the company previously said it wouldn’t, and have accused the company of abusing its dominance as a platform to bully users into accepting terms that violate their privacy.
That’s a steep fine, but, irony of ironies, the enormous corporate wealth that has compelled interest in antitrust law likely also gives companies plenty of room to ignore the data demand. Large corporations that have grown rapidly thanks to mergers might decide the expense of a fine is worth it, and prefer to just take the hit rather than grease the wheels for future trust-busting. For some, the $14.8 million annual fine wouldn’t be the end of the world. By way of example, it amounts to less than one percent of the $2.4 billion in profit Amazon made in 2016, on $136 billion in sales. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has a net worth of $100 billion, which is around 6,700 times the annual fine. Hypothetically, Bezos himself — an individual human being — could pay it.
The bill requires retrospectives on at least five major mergers each year, no more than three years after the mergers occurred or three years after the effective date of the act, and gives the FTC and Justice Department the authority to request relevant data from companies. Businesses that refuse to hand over data would be fined $40,654 per day, or $14.8 million annually, adjusted for inflation, until they complied.
So what would the point be, exactly? “Look at it like this: We’re not doing anything right now,” said Ellison. “We’re going to do the best we can, in the political environment we’re in. We have a long term goal of protecting American markets, workers, and local communities.” In other words, if all you can do is make noise, you might as well make noise.
He said he and colleagues have plans to propose more legislation, and that if this bill passes they can still make future efforts to strengthen it. “One of the things we’re trying to do is to gain greater awareness,” he said. “People want to figure out, why is the American middle class stagnating and shrinking, at a time when the stock market is going through the roof? Well, because we’re not part of it, actually, you know?”
The Merger Retrospective Act is the first bill to come out of the nascent “Antitrust Caucus” — a group that includes, besides Ellison and Khanna, Democratic representatives David Cicilline of Rhode Island, Mark Pocan of Wisconsin, and Rick Nolan of Minnesota, all of whom co-sponsored the bill along with Washington’s Pramila Jayapal.
The problem is that mergers are likely to affect Americans in ways that go beyond their status as consumers. The studies Ellison is proposing would try to nail down what those other effects are. They’ll look at details including changes in salary and benefits for the top one percent, median and lowest-paid 10 percent of employees at merged companies; layoffs that followed the merger; closure of facilities; and changes in contractual terms for employees like noncompete agreements. While price to consumers would still be one of the metrics the study considers, Khanna says, “we believe other impacts of mergers also need to be considered.”
Over the weekend, UFC 218 captivated millions of viewers with punches and kicking and yelling, I assume (I’ve never seen an entire UFC fight). If you wanted to watch it, however, you had to pony up: The event could only be seen via pay-per-view. Or at least, that was the only way to watch it legally.
For any major broadcast event, it’s not hard to find illegal streams online. If you wanted to watch UFC 218, for instance, you could find it on Twitch, streamed by streamer A.J. Lester, otherwise known as lester_gaming. A clip of him playing the game as one might a video game went viral on Twitter yesterday.
The same clip, captioned “UFC 3 has great graphics,” racked up more than 600,000 views on the streaming service (“UFC 3” refers to EA’s third UFC video game). “I sat on 2000 followers for five years, and now that viral video has boosted me up like crazy,” Lester said, according to Eurogamer.
Rather than an effort to avoid the copyright police, as the viral tweet claims, Lester’s pantomime might have just been a gag. The game is filed under Twitch’s “IRL” category, rather than under the game title he’s supposedly mimicking, which would be an easier way for people to find it. Other clips from the stream show him watching the fight as one normally would, and even appearing to fall asleep for a bit.
Still, in an era of stunning photo-realism in video games, it’s a convincing gag — one that UFC probably isn’t too happy about.
The last two months have not, on the whole, been a good news cycle for men. Luckily, Facebook has been actively moderating comments, and suspending users’ accounts for posting hurtful things about the embattled sex.
Comedian Rae Sanni posted a Twitter thread detailing the long saga of Marcia Belsky, who was banned from Facebook for 30 days after posting “men are scum” on a friend’s post.
The Daily Beast reports that Facebook has suspended accounts for posting comments like “men are scum,” and removing comments like “men ain’t shit,” “all men are ugly,” or “all men are allegedly ugly.”
This means derogatory comments about “white men” aren’t allowed on the service (as both race and gender are protected), while derogatory comments about “women drivers” and “black children” are (because occupation and age are unprotected). Thus, saying “all men are scum” would be, technically, against Facebook’s policy.
In a comment to the Daily Beast, a Facebook spokesperson said the company will “look at ways to apply our policies in a more granular way, for instance to take into account the history of oppression with different genders and ethnicities, etc. when reviewing posts. But we are a global platform.”
Moderators operate in a vacuum of information, often just seeing the post or comment that’s getting reported, and not the context of that comment. And you’d need a staggering number of people to understand the context of everything posted by Twitter’s 320 million users, much less the 2 billion using Facebook. Combine that with people aggressively using the “report abuse” button in bad faith, and you get platforms where it’s trivially easy to abuse the abuse system.
It’s not a problem only found on Facebook. BuzzFeed writer Katie Notopoulos found herself banned from Twitter for ten days after the alt-right began reporting a reply she tweeted in 2011, “Kill All White People.” Notopoulos appealed the decision, but was eventually forced to delete five tweets to be let back onto the service.
Training documents for Facebook’s moderation team, leaked in mid-2017, show the mind-bending logic of Facebook’s moderation policies. Facebook’s “protected categories” are sex, race, religious affiliation, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. But there are “unprotected categories,” which include things like social class, occupation, continental origin, political ideology, appearance, religion, age, or country. Facebook instructed moderators to ignore comments about “subsets” of users in unprotected categories.
Taylor Swift devotes an entire track on her latest album to letting everybody know she “did something bad.” But please do not for a second let this fool you into thinking she’s the baddest bitch in town. Twitter absolutely will not stand for it. A tweet from early November featuring a still of Swift from her “Look What You Made Me Do” video asked people to “name a bitch badder than Taylor Swift.” And, well, the people, several weeks later, have spoken. Pretty much any one who isn’t Taylor Swift fits the bill.
Swift-bashing — she can take it — aside, the upside here has been lots and lots of tweets praising and signal-boosting the incredible actions of women around the world, both past and present. Astronauts. Sex workers. Musicians. MTA employees. Good teens. Cartoon characters. The list goes on and on.
As the age old saying goes … never ask the internet a question you aren’t prepared to have go viral in the form of hundreds of similar responses. (Looking at you here, Vogue UK.)
Facebook’s already exploited your adult brain to get you addicted to using the platform, now it’s coming for your kids, too. The company announced a new app called Messenger Kids, geared specifically at the 13-and-under set. Unlike traditional Facebook properties, Messenger Kids is engineered to give parents control over how their kids use it and whom they talk to via the app. It “lives on kids’ tablets or smartphones, but can be controlled from a parents’ Facebook account,” the company explained in a blog post.
The app also has features like “GIFs, frames, stickers, masks and drawing tools” — if any of this smacks of Snapchat to you, it should — that kids can use to adorn their content. Facebook promises the app will have no ads, and that your child’s data won’t be used for them. The app is currently available for iOS users in the United States. Start the countdown clock until something goes wrong here. Minors? Internet communication? It’s only a matter of time.
Apple just released the latest update to iOS 11, which brings with it a whole host of minor bug fixes and one glorious, brand-spankin’-new feature: Apple Pay Cash.
As decidedly unsexy as it may sound, Apple Pay Cash is one of iOS 11’s most useful features. Think of it as a built-in Venmo option that works perfectly ( but solely — sorry, Android users) within the cult of Apple.
It works like this: Let’s say your (iPhone-owning) friend owes you $10 from a brunch bill you split last weekend. You could Venmo-request them, but — let’s be honest — that’s a tactic that has pretty much never worked in the history of mankind, and you’d probably end up texting them in a week or two to awkwardly remind them about the charge, all the while hating yourself for being such a miser. But with Apple Pay Cash, all you have to do is open Messages and select the Apple Pay icon from the app drawer (a.k.a. that little row of app icons that shows up below the place where you compose your message). You’re immediately prompted to choose the amount of money in question, and whether you want to request or send it. Your friend is instantly notified of the charge from within the Messages app, and the funds are transferred from their Apple Pay Cash Card — which is a fancy name for something that’s essentially just the Apple version of your Venmo Balance — to yours.
It’s as easy as that. No Oh, sorry! I never check Venmo! excuses allowed.
(Minor note: This feature only works if you’ve got iOS 11.2 installed on your phone, so if you haven’t updated yet, do that.)
With the Republican tax-reform bill headed toward reconciliation, Senator John McCain’s office focused on its next task: getting his Twitter account to hit 3 million followers.
The result was predictable: People began unfollowing McCain’s account in droves, with #UnfollowMcCain quickly picking up steam on the service.
The reality is, begging for an extra 74 followers wasn’t really needed — Twitter changed its design in 2014 to round up the follower count for accounts with more than 10,000 followers. Anybody browsing Twitter who didn’t bother to hover their mouse over the account’s Twitter follower count would have seen the senator as having that nice, round 3 million follower count once he hit 2,995,000 followers. His account had already hit that when his office decided to tweet out the call for just 74 more people to smash that follow button.
For the moment, @SenJohnMcCain is back to reading “2.99M” followers. It’s a deeply meaningless number, especially for a senator who is suffering from a serious disease and almost assuredly will not run for reelection. Still, for those who won’t get the chance to voice their displeasure about the senate’s work on tax reform until 2018 at the earliest, it’s a number that they were able to actually affect.
If you’d checked @SenJohnMcCain’s follower count on Twitter around 12 p.m. ET, however, you’d think the account had already crested over that particular mountain; he was showing 3 million for a good part of the day. Some users suspected that it was a sign that Twitter is secretly in the pocket of the GOP:
Are you playing HQ, the app-based trivia show from the creators of Vine hosted at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. each day by an oddly endearing dude named Scott? You should be. It’s fun. You could win actual money!
Yes, that eye-popping spike for “Herculaneum” around 3 p.m. is the HQ Effect.
But: Is this actually working as a cheating strategy? You only get ten seconds from the time Scott starts reading each question in HQ to input your answer. Which means if you’re going to attempt to beat the system, you’ve got to be able to read the question, process it, search the term you want, and select an answer in rapid succession. Alternatively, it’s possible these searches are less about cheating and more about that nagging well, now I’ve got to know what a rhododendron looks like feeling that plagues you after getting a question wrong. (Several of the terms seem to spike in the moments just after the HQ question would have been answered.)
The problem is, it’s hard: After the first few gimmes, the questions get tough. Which means that a lot of people are trying to cheat the system. During today’s game, for example, viewers were treated to questions about, variously, the Swiss Army knife, the planet with the hottest surface temperature, the Italian town of Herculaneum, and the television show Archer.
These searches aren’t one-offs, either. For each term, the related searches are also terms for HQ questions. Which means if you’re searching for the answer to one HQ question, you’re probably looking up the answers to several others. Even better is Google Trends’ breakdown of HQ questions by state: This afternoon, the Northeast and Southwest were seeking out “metonym,” while the Midwest was looking up “synesthesia.”
And here’s a look at Google Trends for the search terms “Swiss army,” “hottest planet,” “Herculaneum,” and “Archer” for the afternoon. Can you guess what time HQ starts?
For comparison, here’s a look at key terms from five questions from Sunday night’s 9 p.m. game. It’s a little easier to visualize:
Clearly, the art of the HQ Google all depends on how much of the question you already understand. If you’re presented with three nouns and asked to pick the metonym … and you don’t know what a metonym is, you’re probably not going to have enough time. But if you’re asked which of three shows isn’t an NBC affiliate and you’re certain about one of them, that might just be enough time to look up The Tomorrow Show and find out it aired on NBC, giving you just enough milliseconds to select the third choice and continue with the game.
We’re getting to that fun time of the year where we look back on the last 365 days and get to relive all the hell for a second time in the name of perverse nostalgia. Today’s category is Twitter, which released a list of the most retweeted and most liked tweets around the world in 2017. Nobody tell President Trump, but it would appear that people aren’t really all that into his tweets. His predecessor, however, is another story. Obama tweeted three of the top ten most retweeted tweets in 2017. One in the wake of the violence in Charlottesville and two about leaving office.
Obama’s Charlottesville tweet was also the most liked tweet of the year. A tweet from him about John McCain took third place. (The second-place tweet was from Ariana Grande following a suicide bombing at one of her concerts earlier this year.)
Still, Donald Trump shouldn’t be too embarrassed by his Twitter performance. (Or maybe he should.) When you get down to it, everybody this year was beat out by a kid — Carter Wilkerson — asking Wendy’s for free chicken nuggets. A tweet that not only holds the top spot for retweets in 2017, but is the most retweeted tweet of all time.
Back in my day, if you posted a Story, your friends had to view it within 24 hours before it disappeared into the ether. But the era of the ephemeral Story as we know it may be drawing to a close. Instagram’s newest update brings with it one major change to the oh-so-popular feature: Stories that don’t expire.
The new feature is called Stories Highlights, and — for a company that’s gotten a lot of flack for, uh, “borrowing” a few key ideas from Snapchat — it’s actually pretty innovative. Instagram’s pitching it as a new way to “fully express your identity” (whatever that means) by adding a curated group of past Stories you’ve posted to your profile.
Stories Highlights work by making use of another new feature: Stories Archive.
Think of it like Snapchat Memories, but with a different name and on Instagram. Stories Archive, well … archives your Stories. Yeah. Shocking, I know.
The feature can be accessed by clicking on the Stories Highlights section, which can be found in a new section of your profile below your bio. From there, you can choose which Stories you want to include in your Highlight from a list of past posts, select a cover for the Highlight, and give it a name. The Highlight will show up on your profile as a circle for other users to tap on and view. You can add as many Highlights as you want, and they’ll stay there basically till the end of time (or till you tap and hold on one to remove it).
This is where Stories Highlights gets your past posts from, but the feature is also pretty useful for taking some nostalgic trips down memory lane. (If you’re into that sort of thing.) You can access all of your saved Stories by tapping the Archive button on your profile (which is where your regular archived posts are, too). All Stories are set to auto-archive from the get-go, but you can turn the feature off if you’d like by going to profile settings.
To access all of these new features, make sure you’re running the latest edition of Instagram, as they’re part of the new update. Happy ‘gramming.
Yesterday, the Wrap reported that MSNBC was cutting ties with its contributor Sam Seder, host of the progressive podcast Majority Report, after the following old tweet of his, archived here, was unearthed:
But the tweet’s obvious intent didn’t matter to the far right, which began enthusiastically circulating the tweet after far-right manosphere personality Mike Cernovich first resurfaced it last week. Soon it was further broadcast by a sizable chunk of far-right Twitter, including figures like, well, the son of the sitting president of the United States, Donald Trump Jr.
At the time of the tweet, there was a heated discussion going on over filmmaker Roman Polanski, who some liberals were attempting to rehabilitate despite the fact that he had been convicted of child rape for a case involving a 13-year-old girl, forcing him to flee the United States. Seder’s tweet comes across as shocking, of course — that’s the point — but any adult human who takes more than 20 seconds to sit with it will realize that Seder was abrasively ridiculing those who were defending Polanski on the grounds of his artistic brilliance. He was not — and the fact that anyone even needs to type this sentence suggests that the invention of the internet may have been a grave error — literally saying that if his daughter were raped, he would hope that the rapist possesses certain creative attributes.
But the most important moment of Seder’s video might be when he shows, onscreen, an example of the sort of comment advertisers to his podcast have been receiving:
The video is worth watching because it captures the full extent of the campaign against him and just how disingenuous it is. The people attacking Seder for supposedly making light of rape and sexual assault, he explains, consist primarily of staunch supporters of two men Seder has criticized — Donald Trump and Roy Moore — who have been accused not of making a joke about sexual assault, but of committing it. By multiple, credible women.
Last week, I wrote about how companies desperately need to do a better job distinguishing internet outrage that can be safely ignored from outrage that needs to be responded to. The former often comes from people who were never your customers in the first place — but online, they can pose as your customers to try to force you to take some action that furthers their agenda.
This is a textbook example. The people trying to get Seder fired have every incentive in the world to pose as outraged customers of his advertisers, and as deeply concerned about sexual assault, when in reality, all the available evidence suggests that they are mad at him for criticizing men who, overwhelming evidence suggests, actually committed sexual assault.
But think about this from the point of view of a corporate employee at MSNBC, or at one of Seder’s advertisers. Suddenly, they receive a slew of complaints from “customers” about a tweet that, at a quick glance and in the panic of a corporate emergency, certainly looks bad. Maybe you can ignore the complaints for a day or two, but you notice that they just grow and grow. They won’t go away. This is a genuine consumer revolt. How much money will be lost? At a certain point, the calculus becomes clear: It’s better to just cut ties with the figure in question.
Of course, things look quite differently if you have a little bit of knowledge about the denizens of the far-right internet and how they operate. If you know, for example, that Cernovich, the ringleader of this operation, has said things like, “Have you guys ever tried ‘raping’ a girl without using force? Try it. It’s basically impossible. Date rape does not exist,” or “A whore will let her friend ruin your life with a false rape case. So why should I care when women are raped?” — you might be a little less likely to take his and his fans’ concerns seriously. More basically, if you understand that the source of the anger has to do with political preferences and ideology and a desire to attack one’s enemies rather than, well, actual outrage, it might affect your decision.
But all of this stuff is complicated. The internet can quickly fill every room of your house with smoke, and it’s possible to waste a lot of time, and do a lot of damage, stumbling blindly through all that smoke, searching for a fire that doesn’t actually exist. Until MSNBC and other companies realize this, they will get rolled by bad-faith far-right provocateurs over and over and over. Every scalp emboldens them, and Seder’s scalp was a big one.
Last week, Seder put out a video explaining the situation:
Today, a murder occurred on Twitter dot com. Pour one out for Joey, who chose the wrong place to assert that not harassing women in the workplace is equivalent to “Sharia law.”
In a more depressing (and frankly, expected) timeline, this little tweet of Joey’s would have gone unnoticed. Lost in the endless sea of crappy tweets sent off into the void every minute of every day. But somehow, it wasn’t.
In lieu of flowers and condolences, may I suggest donating to your local women’s-rights advocacy group? RIP bro.
This is a hedgehog with nearly 300,000 followers on Instagram.
YouTube’s status as a breeding ground for wannabe far-right media personalities is fairly well-known at this point, but recently, a weirder corner has come to light: Violent and disturbing videos apparently aimed at, and sometimes even about, children. Hundreds of thousands of channels and millions of videos exploiting children, either as viewers, or in some cases, as video subjects have been removed over the last few weeks — everything from animations of bootleg versions of famous children’s characters engaging in violent activities to live-action videos featuring sobbing children. Nervous advertisers have been pulling campaigns, and so, last night, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki announced that the company would hire up to 10,000 human moderators to keep tabs on videos and comments submitted to the site.
If this sounds familiar, it’s because it’s directly from the megaplatform playbook: Whenever you’re criticized for serving up awful content submitted by users, announce that you’re hiring four or five digits’ worth of moderators who will make the site a safer place or whatever. Facebook did it earlier this year after a spate of news stories about crimes being committed on its much-hyped live-video platform, and then again in the midst of criticism over its role in last year’s election.
In almost all cases, these new hires are contract workers for third-party firms, generally in the global south. They’re getting paid to view heinous things — from bizarre videos about children’s characters to actual murder, suicide, and sexual assault — so you don’t have to. The narrative the tech companies like to sell is that the work these human moderators perform will be used to train computers to eventually take over the job. Consider the Rube Goldbergian New York Times headline: “YouTube Hiring More Humans to Train Computers to Police the Site.” This is a central premise of the megaplatform business model: It has low overhead because complex, self-teaching software handles most of the day-to-day and minute-to-minute functions, like flagging offensive content. Hard to make such an immense profit if you’re paying tens of thousands of humans with human brains and human living standards to mind the store. (It’d be harder still if those humans were protected by American labor laws.)
But the fact that these megaplatforms seem unable to stop hiring moderators forces a question: Is this auto-moderated future actually coming? And if it isn’t, is it physically possible to effectively moderate a site with billions of users and petabytes of data using humans? Some 400 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute, and that’s about 65 years of video going online every day. How can human beings — even 10,000 of them — properly process that much video with the kind of thoughtfulness and cultural nuance necessary for good moderation? Moderation is a much more difficult job than people would assume. Not only are there contextual and social barriers that need to be overcome (is a comment to a friend different from a general statement? How can I tell if something is sarcastic?), but also it can just be generally exhausting — watching violent, hateful, exploitative, and disturbing content for hours each day is a lot to ask of hourly workers who probably don’t also receive adequate mental-health resources. There’s a reason moderation jobs get shipped overseas.
It’s not just YouTube: Facebook faced a similar question in a congressional hearing last month when Louisiana senator John Kennedy pointed out that there’s no way in hell Facebook has authenticated all 5 million of the advertisers it does business with every month. The immense scale that makes these megaplatforms so useful (and profitable) also makes them uncontrollable. Moderators, even ones that know precisely what they’re looking for, are a drop in the bucket playing a cosmic-scale game of Whac-a-Mole.
This is the contradictory nature of moderation at immense scale. As they’re designed now, Facebook and Google need you to explicitly inform them that something is bad, but are more than happy to interpret any type of content engagement as endorsement. A hundred reports flagging a video as child exploitation tells Google that it’s child exploitation. Commenting the same thing below the video tells Google that the video is getting a lot of community interaction, which is great for the company. They’ve created algorithms that make it incredibly easy — too easy, in fact — to spread and share information, even without actively thinking about sharing it. A like, or a comment, and suddenly a video gets boosted for other people to see. But these same systems are somehow unequipped to take content out of the database. That’s a technical problem, a loftier strategic problem, or both. And throwing more people at the problem — even 10,000 — isn’t going to help.
YouTube, until now, has primarily relied on user reporting as a first line of defense, the idea being that a community, even at a global scale, will be able to self-police. This strategy, as Ben Thompson wrote earlier today, is “Pollyannish.” The assumption that web tools will usually be used for the collective benefit of all is, at this point, a farce. And who defines what “benefit” is? White supremacists believe that preserving the white ethno-state is working toward a beneficial end. Few seeking out videos about the benefits of ethnic cleansing are going to flag them as harmful. In March, users discovered that videos concerning LGBTQ issues were being hidden when users had the site’s “Restricted Mode” enabled. In August, videos documenting violence in Syria were taken down by the automated system. Last month, an ad for Google’s Chromebook made by Google was flagged as spam.
Arguably worse, though, is that the very automation that is supposed to solve this bias problem actually works against the moderators, by drawing a link between things that shouldn’t be or usually wouldn’t be linked together. At the core of the most recent moral panic over YouTube was a strategy video-uploaders were using to game the recommendation process. Parents plop their kid down in front of the screen, put on a Peppa Pig video, and let the algorithm do its thing — theoretically displaying related videos until the sun burns out. But by creating fake videos involving popular characters like Peppa Pig, Elsa from Frozen, and Spider-Man, the bootleg YouTube creators — whose content ranged from merely weird to deeply unsettling — were able to place their inappropriate content in the autoplay and related-video queues. YouTube’s automated system couldn’t tell the difference between a Spider-Man video that teaches counting and one that features Spider-Man operating on a pregnant Elsa (to name one persistent theme of the disturbing bootleg YouTube videos).
Kelsey Hall never thought she’d get 1,000 retweets. When the 20-year-old University of Alabama student tweeted a picture of herself in a Christmas-tree suit saying she’d wear it every day for the rest of the semester if she hit that 1,000 mark, she figured she was in the clear. This was, she now knows, a mistake. Never underestimate the collective internet’s desire to make a total stranger look like a real doof.
“I thought 1,000 was a total unrealistic number,” Hall told Select All. “After it got to 300 retweets, it started going up really quickly, and I started getting worried.” She’s since hit her initial goal 23 times over.
True to her Twitter word, Hall has been wearing the costume around campus each day. “My mom bought it for me because it reminded her of me, because I love Christmas and dressing up to be goofy,” she said of the suit, which she has worn for the last two days. “People are mostly giving me weird looks, and some people recognize me from Twitter and get excited and ask for pictures; a lot of people just laugh and say they like my costume,” Hall explained. She also noted that she takes the suit off before going into any of her actual classes, so she won’t distract anybody.
Fortunately, Hall didn’t leave herself too many days in her initial offer to wear the costume “for the rest of the semester.” “I have three more days of wearing it, and I need to look into washing it because it got rained on today,” she said.
The real point of contention is that controlling streaming video — increasingly enabled by speaking to your TV or remote — is an entry point into a larger arena: controlling all the gadgets in your house, whether that’s listening to music or adjusting your smart thermostat or lights. Amazon has a large head start with its Echo speaker and Alexa framework, which has seen quick uptake from third-party manufacturers. The Google Home and Chromecast have a smaller foothold, but arguably a superior product. And Apple — led by the Apple TV, its smart-home platform HomeKit, and (someday) its HomePod smart speaker — would like to be in the mix as well.
Did you watch Donald Trump’s speech recognizing Jerusalem as Israel’s capital today? Yes? No? Maybe? You should watch it, if you haven’t already. When you do, you’ll likely notice that something — beyond the usual weirdness — seems a bit weird about the president’s speech pattern. Mostly that it seems like he is trying to talk around his teeth while they slip from his gums, causing him to slur his words to a nearly unintelligible degree. “God bless the United States” sounded more like “God bless the Ungited Schtates.”
Let me repeat that: This is a hedgehog with nearly 300,000 followers on Instagram. Got it? Yeah, meet Azuki, the hedgehog that is already way cooler (and cuter) than you or I will ever be.
What do you need to know about Azuki? Let’s start with the basics:
“In Japan, hedgehogs are thought to be a type of rat, and generally don’t have a good image,” Tsunoda explained. “By publishing a photo book, I aim to raise awareness.”
Azuki is cool. Azuki is fresh. Azuki is the perfect respite from your ever-worsening existential dread. Just got another push notification for Trump’s tweets? Here’s Azuki wearing a hat! Did reading the details of the latest sexual-assault scandal erode your last shred of hope in the human condition? This is a video of Azuki eating an apple! Worried about the impending nuclear Armageddon? Aw shucks, that rascal Azuki got his head stuck in his play place.
I couldn’t find a single five-star review with a “Verified Purchase” tag confirming that the reviewer had bought the product. Meanwhile, every single one of the 19 one-star reviews for the Samcable dongles were verified purchases, and all had the same basic complaint: “Doesn’t work.” Here’s a taste of what you’d see from one-star reviews:
Amazon, for its part, says that it’s actively adjusting its algorithms to fight sham reviews. The company says it uses a combination of human moderation and machine learning to combat fake reviews, though declined to say how many actual human moderators are involved in the effort. It suggests that sellers who want reviews look to the Amazon Vine program, which offers products to trusted reviewers. There’s also the Amazon Early Reviewer program, a service Amazon offers sellers who need to get reviews from customers — Amazon will offer customers who purchase a product a small gift card from Amazon if they choose to review a product (whether that review is one star or five stars doesn’t matter). But both of these programs are geared toward higher-end or more established sellers; on message boards dedicated to selling on Amazon, many complain bitterly about the difficulty of getting into the program or its overall inefficacy compared to other methods.
The most clear-eyed insight about the current state of Amazon reviews came from Pat Lum, who currently runs Wyatt Deals, which sells items on deep discounts in order to juice sales, which in turn helps sellers rank higher in Amazon’s internal search engine — an entirely different and equally fierce battleground for sellers. Before he ran Wyatt Deals, however, he co-founded HonestFew, an Amazon review club that was made obsolete after Amazon declared incentivized reviews dead last October.
To my eyes, Amazon could make its reviews more reliable in several ways. For one easy thing, it could weight reviews from verified purchases more heavily in its system — if every positive review of a product isn’t a verified purchase, while every negative review is a verified purchase, that should have a much larger impact on the displayed average score. Amazon says it’s reducing the number of unverified-purchase reviews an individual account can leave per week; this is a helpful step forward, but more can and should be done.
Lum, a genial Canadian, offered this assessment: “The products Amazon shows you are the products that are most profitable for Amazon as a company.” If Amazon were to suddenly do a massive sweep of existing reviews as aggressive as what Fakespot or ReviewMeta might do, you’d suddenly see a lot more products with far fewer reviews, and a lot of customers suddenly uncertain about what exactly to buy.
So what are you, the average Amazon shopper, to do? You can avail yourself of sites like Fakespot and ReviewMeta. Both readily admit that their algorithms aren’t perfect, but they do help spotlight products with “too good to be true” reviews attached to them. You can read reviews yourself, and check for things like a ton of unverified five-star reviews — in my experience, a sure sign that something fishy is going on with a product’s review score. And you can click through and check out a reviewer’s history. If a reviewer only has a few reviews, or has hidden their review history, take their feedback with a grain of salt.
Here, for instance, are three separate listings for two packs of ZJTL dongles, all for different prices, all with wildly differing reviews:
Unable to help myself, I put the review in on Fakespot and ReviewMeta. Fakespot graded it a bit more gently than any of the Lightning dongles I’d looked at, knocking a few stars off but generally approving, and ReviewMeta was overall quite positive, discounting a few reviews but keeping its average rating of 4.8 stars intact. I hit buy, and it should be here by the end of the week. We’ll see if I end up leaving a review.
Assange posted the video, but he definitely didn’t record it himself. For the last five years, Assange has been trapped in a cupboard at the Ecuadorian embassy in London, avoiding extradition on rape charges.
You can watch the actual video, which went megaviral last month, below.
To make yours, start by heading to 2017BestNine. Input your handle into the box reading “Instagram ID” and press “GET.” That’s pretty much it. I did say this thing was easy enough to use. You’ll be given a few collage options to choose from. Option one shows a count of how many posts you had in 2017 and how many likes they received. Option two is just the nine photos without any of that data. If you’re looking for a more aesthetically inclined, less I’m bragging here kind of post, you’re probably going to want to go with option two. From there, you can share your collage on Facebook and Twitter. If you want to Instagram it, you’ll need to save the image to your phone and upload it like you would a regular Instagram post.
Heads-up: BestNine says it can take up to ten minutes to generate a collage, depending on site traffic. Which should give you plenty of time to contemplate how many of your posts from the last year are depressing as heck. It has, after all, been a very long year.
For as frequently as he tweets, Donald Trump still hasn’t mastered the art of the perfect tweet. Like the time it took him three tries to properly spell the word hereby. Today, both Donald and Melania Trump struggled with their tweets honoring Pearl Harbor Day. Mr. Trump slightly misquoted FDR, while Mrs. Trump just straight-up got the date wrong.
Donald Trump’s tweet, which is still up, takes some artistic liberties with FDR’s famed quote. Technically, the line is “a date which will live in infamy,” rather than Trump’s similar, but not quite right, “day that will live in infamy.” Melania’s goof, however, is less about splitting hairs and more about maybe buying the First Lady’s staff a calendar. Pearl Harbor Day is in December, not November. Her tweet has since been deleted and replaced by one with the correct month.
In a statement to Select All, Amazon said: “Amazon is investing heavily to detect and prevent inauthentic reviews. These reviews make up a tiny percentage of all reviews on Amazon but even one is unacceptable. In addition to advance detection, we’ve filed lawsuits against more than 1,000 defendants for reviews abuse and will continue to pursue legal action against the root cause of reviews abuse as well as the number of individuals and organizations who supply fraudulent reviews in exchange for compensation. Customer reviews are one of the most valuable tools we offer for making informed purchase decisions and we work hard to make sure they are doing their job.”
The furry fandom, as we have chronicled in the past, has a tight-knit relationship with digital artists, and there is a considerable overlap between the two interests. So it should come as no surprise that there is a lot of Zootopia fan art, even nearly two years after the film’s release. A lot of it is innocuous, but occasionally it gets really weird.
Panels from the comic are being edited and posted and shared all over Tumblr, a network that’s particularly prone to this sort of baffling collaborative movement. As is the case with “Loss” edits, the new versions are less making fun of abortion than they are ridiculing the absurdity of a webcomic featuring a talking fox and rabbit tackling the issue.
There are posts about the Rick and Morty “High IQ” meme.
And posts about respecting women.
Anyway, that is why you might see the seemingly inexplicable phrase “zootopia abortion comic” trending today. Hope this helps!
Some people have more talent in a single hand than the rest of us do in our entire bodies. Irny Irdina is one of those people. The 17-year-old student from Singapore recently filmed herself singing a snippet of “Crush” by David Archuleta — a “timeless bop” she told BuzzFeed — and, well, please watch it. She manages, through a coordinated effort involving Instagram’s one-finger zoom and a mirror, to film herself singing “all the parts.”
Last night, I tried to re-create Irdina’s masterpiece, for longer than I am willing to admit, to no avail. Mostly I just dropped my phone into my bathroom sink a whole bunch. Apparently I wasn’t the only one Irdina inspired. Archuleta himself posted a video singing along to his own song. No offense to a man who once almost won American Idol, but it wasn’t nearly as good.
You tried, David. Best to leave it to the pros.
I live on an obnoxiously quaint block in South Berkeley, California, lined with trees and two-story houses. There’s a constant stream of sidewalk joggers before and after work, and plenty of (good) dogs in the yards. Trick-or-treaters from distant regions of the East Bay invade on Halloween.
2005: Google Maps is launched.2006: Waze is launched.2009: Uber is founded.2012: Lyft is founded.
“The phenomenon you’re experiencing is happening all over the U.S.,” says Alexandre Bayen, director of transportation studies at UC Berkeley.
Pull up a simple Google search for “neighborhood” and “Waze,” and you’re bombarded with local news stories about similar once-calm side streets now the host of rush-hour jams and late-night speed demons. It’s not only annoying as hell, it’s a scenario ripe for accidents; among the top causes of accidents are driver distraction (say, by looking at an app), unfamiliarity with the street (say, because an app took you down a new side street), and an increase in overall traffic.
All that extra traffic down previously empty streets has created an odd situation in which cities are constantly playing defense against the algorithms.
“The root cause is the use of routing apps,” says Bayen, “but over the last two to three years, there’s the second layer of ride-share apps.”
The second, newer layer is the fleet of ride-share vehicles. There are an estimated 45,000 Uber and Lyft drivers in San Francisco, compared to 1,500 cab drivers. The two ride-sharing titans have each designed their own mapping apps — Lyft Navigation and Uber Driver — but Navigation was built using Google Maps, and Uber’s app has yet to be fully rolled out. (Anecdotally, I have yet to ride in a car whose driver doesn’t use Waze.) Whatever the device, it’s one dictated on concrete route efficiency, as opposed to the whims of cab drivers, who use thoroughfares or “their own” shortcuts.
“Typically, the city or county, depending on their laws, doesn’t have a way to fight this,” says Bayen, “other than by doing infrastructure upgrades.”
My favorite coalition of grumps have been the residents of Takoma Park, Maryland, who actually spent time falsifying accident reports to Waze in order to prompt the algorithm to shift the route elsewhere. But all of the actions, either infrastructure changes performed by the city or hacks by community groups, have the same intended purpose: “I will make driving through our neighborhoods more difficult, so you will not use the street,” says Jeff Ban, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of Wisconsin.
Perhaps you see the problem. If cities thwart map apps and ride-share services through infrastructure changes with the intent to slow traffic down, it has the effect of slowing down traffic. So, the algorithm may tell drivers to go down another side street, and the residents who’ve been griping to the mayor may be pleased, but traffic, on the city whole, has been negatively affected, making everyone’s travel longer than before. “It’s nuts,” says Bayen, “but this is the reality of urban planning.”
There is, of course, another obvious solution available that’d avoid the messy nature of fees and litigation, put the halt on city-waged infrastructure resistance, and also end the new traffic jams.
Outside parties disrupting a city’s infrastructure is nothing new. In the past, they’d solve that problem by placing fees on whoever was the cause. If a grocery chain wants to build a supermarket, the city calculates how much extra traffic is expected, and imposes an “impact fee” for the strain caused by the extra traffic on public thoroughfares. But in the odd case of map apps and ride-shares, who gets the fee? The “disruptive” apps? The ride-share services physically clogging the streets? The users, the state, the cities themselves? Are a bunch of class-action lawsuits — like the one directed at Waze from an Israeli suburb — the future?
“If you make an app where some of the users’ travel time is 20 percent higher than it was before, to improve overall traffic by diverting flow, for the greater good of society,” says Bayen, “the first thing you’d do is delete it.”
Bayen points out that this is sort of a gigantic version of the prisoner’s dilemma. “If everybody’s doing the selfish thing, it’s bad for society,” says Bayen. “That’s what’s happening here.” Even though the app makes the route quicker for the user, that’s only in relation to other drivers not using the app, not to their previous drives. Now, because everyone is using the app, everyone’s drive-times are longer compared to the past. “These algorithms are not meant to improve traffic, they’re meant to steer motorists to their fastest path,” he says. “They will give hundreds of people the shortest paths, but they won’t compute for the consequences of those shortest paths.”
It wasn’t always this way. In 2001, the city designated the street as Berkeley’s first “bicycle boulevard,” presumably due to some combination of it being relatively free of traffic and its offer of a direct route from the UC Berkeley campus down into Oakland. But since that designation, another group has discovered the exploit. Here, for the hell of it, are other events that have occurred since 2001:
Brevity is the soul of wit, but it doesn’t do much for engagement metrics.
BuzzFeed published a report from social-media management company SocialFlow today, showing that after Twitter rolled out the ability to send 280-character-long tweets, people are, on average, engaging more often with longer tweets, liking and retweeting them more than twice as often compared to their shorter brethren. That mirrors the data Twitter found when it rolled out longer tweets to a limited number of users earlier this year.
There are a couple of caveats here. One is that SocialFlow is a publishing tool used mainly by media organizations (including New York Magazine). What works for a publisher may not work for your killer tweet about whether HQ Scott has just one suit he wears every day, or many suits that all look rumpled in exactly the same way.
Finally, the only distinction in the SocialFlow chart is between tweets under 140 characters and tweets that are between 141 and 280 characters. It’s entirely possibly that the real sweet spot is at about 180 characters — or at 155, or 215. Longer tweets may do better, but that doesn’t mean that you aim to hit 280 every time you need to say something about Vanderpump Rules.
There’s also the important distinction between people engaging with longer tweets and people actually qualitatively liking the longer-tweet format. Longer tweets may get more engagement, but that doesn’t mean everyone on Twitter should start imitating Faulkner. Especially for individual accounts, there’s the real possibility that posting entire paragraphs every time you tweet could see you shedding followers (or at least getting muted).
Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency that is either going to send your child to college or bankrupt you, is having a hell of a week — reaching huge new landmarks, breaking its own exchanges, and making a lot of people very anxious. Over the last few days alone, the value of a single bitcoin has doubled, creating (theoretical) millionaires and billionaires the world over.
In the meantime, other places gave bitcoin a chance and decided that it’s just not worth it. Valve, which runs the video-game marketplace Steam, announced that it was no longer accepting payments in bitcoin, owing to volatility and transaction costs. In the meantime, Coinbase, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, shot to the top of the iOS App Store charts and briefly halted transactions, as it buckled under the surge in traffic.
“I like that he [Paul] has a Lamborghini,” Daniel’s friend Sophia, also 10, said. “I like that he names his cars,” seven-year-old Mia added. Each of the four kids was already decked out in Jake Paul gear, included Team 10 hooded sweatshirts and Paul’s signature yellow-tinted aviator sunglasses AKA Yellars. I was quickly informed my pronunciation of “Yellars” was wrong; Daniel mentioned something about really needing to lean into the final “r” sound. All four said they are aspiring YouTubers inspired by Paul. Sophia – “I play hockey so I do videos about that” – had the most followers of the group … 30. “I bet I could sell these tickets and make some real money right now,” Daniel’s father told the kids. “You absolutely will not,” Daniel told him. “I have to get inside.”
I had to stop asking fans how frequently they watch Jake Paul’s content. There’s only so many times you can have a gaggle of preteens yell “it’s everyday, bro” at you before you start to understand just how literally these kids take Paul’s catchphrase. They get alerts any time Paul posts something new and they watch it immediately and repeatedly. I also lost count of the number of times I heard “It’s Everyday Bro,” Paul’s song which charted at spot number 94 on the Hot 100 list last May. Alex, a 12-year-old with diamond studs in both ears, blasted the song from a blue, wireless speaker he’d brought with him. Holding it above his head like a truly terrible 2017 remake of Say Anything, he was quickly joined by several other kids who also knew every single word. Later a young woman named Paris would perform it for me a cappella when asked how big of a Jake Pauler she considered herself. Her mother chimed in with a few lyrics during the chorus.
A family of four from Indiana said they made the trek to Manhattan just to see Paul. An aunt treating her two nieces from Texas to a Christmastime trip to the city told me they’d reorganized all their weekend plans around Paul. Fans from Florida. Fans from Illinois. From Pennsylvania, Connecticut, California, and New Jersey. Team 10 has been very clear that there is no guarantee a visit to the shop means you’ll see Paul or any other member of his squad, meaning these kids – and the adults who brought them – flocked to West 37th Street mostly to drop some cash on Paul merchandise with only the hope of catching a glimpse of Paul. “I brought $200 with me that I’m going to spend today,” one kid said. Another fan proffered up a $100 bill. Friday’s hot ticket item, according to the crowd, was Paul’s “cotton candy hoodie” for about $60. It is entirely sold out online.
While maybe not so much as their diss track-chanting kids, these parents are Jake Paulers in their own right, mostly because many of them pre-watch Paul’s content, or watch it with their kids, to make sure it’s appropriate. “My mom has to watch the things we watch before we’re allowed to so she has to watch Jake Paul too,” Isabella said. “My son is crazy about Jake Paul. Paul is honestly one of the only YouTubers my son watched that I can actually stand,” Rhiannon, a mother waiting with her son, told me. “The cursing is a little over the top, but honestly it’s nothing probably more than my son hears from me.”
Another dad proclaimed Paul both “an idiot” and a “marketing genius.” “My son, Max, is Jake’s number one fan and I think it’s really messed up that last minute they’re doing this ticket thing and I think that’s wrong,” another mother, who wasn’t able to get into the pop up with her son, complained. Max wants to be a YouTuber and, taking off a Jake Paul mask so I could actually hear him, said his parents are getting him camera with a microphone so he can start filming videos. Max is nine.
Daniel, his dad, and three friends had been standing on a curb on West 37th street in 30-degree weather for several hours waiting to get into a pop up store hosted by internet star Jake Paul and his social media incubator, Team 10. Daniel and his pals were among the lucky ones; they had been able to purchase tickets guaranteeing their entry to the store when it opened on Friday afternoon. Not everyone waiting on the street could say the same. After last minute changes to the location and time of the event, Paul announced late Thursday via Instagram Stories that if you wanted to get in on Friday, you’d have to buy a $10 ticket. Quantities were limited, sold out quickly, and, as a friendly security guard kept shouting into the growing crowd, “NO TICKET! NO ENTRY!” More than a few tears would be shed over Paul before the store closed for the day by fans who couldn’t get inside.
“He never gives up. He has a big spirit and no matter if people hate on him he fights back,” Alex, the kid with the speaker, told me. They were likewise unfazed by stunts, like lighting a large fire in his empty swimming pool, which prompted Paul’s neighbors to complain to the city until the influencer moved out. “He’s Jake Paul … he can do that stuff.” “He’s just a savage,” another fan said. “He’s savage!” I asked what “savage” meant to them. “It means you’re cool.” “More than cool.” “You’re like crazy and lit all the time.”
The farmers, butchers, and bakers who sell at farmers’ markets in D.C., where I live, prefer cash over card. That’s not because they’re low-tech or old-fashioned. No, they prefer cash over card because the big credit-card companies are trying to rob them blind, and going cash-only or cash-preferred is the only way to fight back.
Before Facebook bought WhatsApp, before it bought Oculus VR and the social-media app TBH, Facebook acquired a little-known Israeli company called Onavo. Onavo’s apps are designed to protect users’ privacy and security by encrypting their mobile traffic and routing it through private servers. That’s why users have downloaded the app 24 million times. But while people use Onavo to protect themselves; Facebook uses it to spy on the rest of the internet. Most of all, Facebook uses it to spy on its rivals and as an early warning system to see what to copy and what to acquire. Here’s how it works: While Onavo may protect your data from hackers and snoopers, Onavo sees everything sent through its app. And now, because Facebook owns it, Facebook sees everything, too. That means all of the information from millions of internet users about what they’re reading, doing, and downloading goes straight into the servers of one of the biggest tech giants. When Houseparty, a group-video-chat app, saw its user growth explode, Facebook knew. When TBH, a new social-media app, became especially popular among teens, Facebook likely knew — because of Onavo. And Facebook can then use this information to keep itself on top. Facebook has copied features from Snap and Houseparty, among others, and after TBH became so popular, Facebook bought it for a little under $100 million. In this way, Facebook uses Onavo to spot, copy, and buy up any competitor that seeks to create a successful social-media service. Forcing Facebook to divest of Onavo would not end its dominance over social media, but it would take away one tool that Facebook uses to rig the market, giving young companies a better shot to expand into new corners of the social-media landscape. — Kevin Carty
With its takeover of Whole Foods, Amazon bought a national network of stores and warehouses that hugely expands its existing web of warehouses, trucks, and drivers. Amazon also bought Whole Foods’ high-income customer base, made up of the same sort of people who have most readily adopted Instacart and other online grocery tools.
And by selling food online, Amazon is tackling one of the biggest white whales in e-commerce. Since the famous collapse of Webvan during the dot-com bubble, dozens of start-ups have tried to get customers to buy groceries online. The high costs of warehousing and trucking, along with shoppers’ lifelong habits, have thwarted most comers.
Yet the exact opposite is likely to prove true. Just as the giant corporation has used its power to engage in predatory pricing and to avoid paying sales tax to drive thousands of retail stores across America out of business, it could now do the same to many local and regional groceries. This would result both in greater concentration of power over food retailing, and even fewer physical stores. Both of those outcomes would disproportionately hurt lower-income shoppers, while lining the pockets of one of the richest men in the world.
To prevent these harms, Amazon should not only be blocked from future grocery acquisitions but its purchase of Whole Foods should be unwound. And while regulators at the Federal Trade Commission are taking care of this business, they should also ban Amazon from engaging in any price discrimination in food products, anywhere, ever. Without these safeguards, we risk handing over a huge swath of our food economy to one giant corporation, and having that giant harm our well-being in fundamental ways. — Leah Douglas
Amazon’s past behavior hints at the answer. The company has made slow advances on the grocery retail sector for some time. It launched its AmazonFresh grocery-delivery service for Prime members in March. It built brick-and-mortar grocery stores in Seattle. It’s selling private-label pantry items.
Retailers have made and sold “store branded” items for decades. As long at the corporation selling the store brand is not a monopoly, this can be a great benefit for customers. When Starbucks stores sell Starbucks roasted beans, for instance, the home coffee brewer can buy a sack, or walk down the street and easily find another company’s roast. But when a company has dominant control over some marketplace, store brands can become a big problem. Any such dominant company will tend to use its power to steer buyers away from other company’s products to its own wares. And it may be hard or even impossible for the customer to find an alternative, or to even recognize that he is being steered.
This was at the heart of the European Commission’s decision last June to fine Google $2.7 billion for favoring its own shopping comparison engine over those run by rivals. By promoting its own shopping price-comparison service in its results — and demoting competing price-comparison services — Google “denied other companies the chance to compete on the merits and to innovate,” said EU Commissioner Margrethe Vestager upon issuing the decision. “And most importantly, it denied European consumers a genuine choice of services and the full benefits of innovation.” Similarly, this thinking was at the heart of the Justice Department’s antitrust case against Microsoft back in the late 1990s, when the software giant was found to be illegally favoring its own browser over those of rivals.
The best way to preserve fair and open competition is to make sure that the internet titans do not face any such conflict of interest. In the American tradition, the traditional way to do this is simply to completely ban any network monopolist from owning businesses that place it in competition with the companies that depend on it to reach market. This is what previous generations did with railways and banks and electricity corporations. It’s what we must now do with Google, Amazon, and other online monopolists. — Lina Khan
This isn’t true only for the folks who work in fast food — who tend to be younger and poorer. In 2015, a number of Silicon Valley companies, including Apple, Google, Intel, and Adobe agreed to pay a $415 million civil fine for agreeing with one another not to “poach” each others’ employees. In other words, these giant corporations restricted a fundamental political liberty of some of America’s top scientists and engineers — which is to go find a different job. Much the same is true for a growing number of America’s farmers, who find themselves bound by restrictive contracts to sell their chickens and milk and pigs to one corporate processor only.
Fortunately, there is an alternative. Other countries have much, much lower credit-card fees — because of government action. Last year, the European Union capped the rates at 0.3 percent for credit cards and 0.2 percent for debit cards. The United States could easily follow suit. Even a cap of 0.5 percent would be a drastic change from the current rates of 2 and 3 percent. That would help level the playing field between your local bodega and Walmart, and promote a diverse and vibrant economy. — Kevin Carty
Antitrust Me is Select All’s series about power and consolidation among the megaplatforms and corporate giants of Silicon Valley.
Have Silicon Valley’s biggest companies become too powerful? This series examines monopoly and power in the tech industry — and what, if anything, can be done.
Minions have become an odd and somewhat indecipherable internet shorthand, particularly on Facebook, but the Google snafu was something else. Having gotten countless people in trouble for inadvertent Minions-GIF usage, the Google prank stands as the all-time worst Minions-related internet thing in history. Or at least, it did, until last week.
Last Friday morning, Iowa congressional representative and prominent racist Steve King tweeted a link to an anti-immigrant op-ed on the site Voice of Europe, stating, “Diversity is not our strength. Hungarian Prime Minister Victor Orban, ‘Mixing cultures will not lead to a higher quality of life but a lower one.’”
It almost seemed like we would never surpass “Google causing tons of users to unwittingly email inappropriate Minions GIFs” as the worst Minions-GIF deployment in the history of being online, but somehow, “racist Congressman Steve King using a Minions GIF in the course of endorsing the opinion of a Hungarian neo-Nazi” is the new champion. Uh, congrats, or something.
But it was surprising, mostly because of where Khanna’s district is located: Silicon Valley. While Amazon isn’t headquartered in Khanna’s state, its big-tech peers (and their employees) are housed in and around his district — and if there’s any industry you’d expect to be wary of antitrust talk, it’s tech. Google, Facebook, and Apple have all been accused of being monopolies. In many ways, the growing antitrust movement is antithetical to the business culture of the tech industry. Monopolies have been described as inevitable in Silicon Valley, or at least a common outcome, and even desirable. The Valley’s libertarian skepticism of government regulation, combined with its unrestrained idealism, has made it easier for tech people to believe monopolies are natural and good.
Khanna is carving out an antitrust philosophy that fits his district — one where network effects mean many businesses and services are only sustainable (or profitable) when they reach the kind of size that makes more traditional anti-monopolists nervous. Where Ellison talks openly about trust-busting (in a statement to Select All, he described Google and Amazon as “bloated corporate powers”), Khanna is more cautious. “I believe the bar is much higher to split up a company, and I don’t think we should break up Facebook, Google, Apple, and Amazon because there are benefits to network effects,” he says, and suggests other ways to mitigate negative effects of mergers, like making the newly merged company “pay to offset the transitional cost — the loss of jobs, the loss of community.” And when I asked Khanna about the EU’s recent antitrust action against Google, he dismissed Europe as a model for how to approach tech regulation: “They don’t have a First Amendment, they have not produced a successful technology company in the last 20 years, and I don’t think the United States should be looking to Europe.”
“I think it’s trendy or something, perhaps, right now — given the Russia investigation in social media — to focus on tech. But I don’t think that’s where the biggest antitrust issues are,” said Khanna. He thinks the biggest monopoly problem is among internet-service providers. Attention should also be paid to airlines, pharmaceuticals, finance, and agriculture, he said. “I’m not saying tech should in any way be exempt, they should be held to the exact same doctrine, there should be absolutely great scrutiny.”
So far, this tech-conscious vision of antitrust has worked well for Khanna, whose antitrust agitation hasn’t attracted much negative attention in his district. He might even find support — I’ve spoken to venture capitalists and entrepreneurs who worry about the power Google and Facebook have to quash competition from smaller companies. Of course, these investors and start-up executives are still resistant to government solutions. But even if regulation remains taboo in Silicon Valley, the idealism that has underpinned support for tech’s winner-take-all ethos has started to erode. Members of the tech industry are starting to question whether a small handful of companies should dominate the experience of so many internet users, especially in light of abuses like Russia’s dissemination of propaganda and disinformation on Facebook and other social-media platforms. A wave of sexual-harassment scandals has also tainted the industry’s image. Maybe most importantly, as far as most of Silicon Valley is concerned, any sort of meaningful antitrust enforcement against tech in the U.S. is a distant possibility.
Khanna insists that he can be tough on his district’s most important industry. He’s spoken against corporate tax reductions that would benefit companies in his area, saying that it won’t lead to job creation. Again ragging on Amazon, in September he criticized the company for seeking tax breaks from localities vying to host its second headquarters — though he has not called out Apple, headquartered in his district, for tax-dodging.
Khanna’s views are nuanced, he said, and he’s open to hashing them out with colleagues in the Antitrust Caucus. At this point, it’s too early to tell whether he’s a sleeper agent for an economic movement that will eventually topple tech, or a beachhead for a broader and less aggressive mainstream approach that will try to steer reform around the perimeter of Silicon Valley as deftly as it can manage. Ultimately, this particular tension — between populist economics and the interests of top donors and businesses — might be one of the most conventionally Democratic things about him.
So far, Khanna doesn’t seem particularly concerned that his comments will offend his constituents. On the antitrust issue that might be the most pressing to Silicon Valley in particular — the AT&T–Time Warner merger, opposition to which observers like investor Mark Cuban say could be turned on Facebook and Google — Khanna has been outspoken: “Every American should be concerned that a few major corporations control the flow of news and information,” he tweeted in November. “The AT&T–Time Warner deal must be rejected.” But he said that blocking it shouldn’t cause concern for tech companies. “You cannot compare telecom companies that control access to the internet with those that provide a platform [or] content,” the Democrat told Select All last month.
Thanks in part to the unique nature of his district, Khanna has become a highly visible member of a growing cohort of activists, politicians, think-tankers, and fervent Twitter users that wants to return to a broader interpretation of antitrust law that takes into account impact on jobs, wages, and the ability of other businesses to compete. For decades, U.S. antitrust policy has centered on protecting consumer welfare — which in essence ends up translating to keeping prices down, to the exclusion of other impacts of corporate mergers and expansions. Reformers like Khanna believe that this approach has allowed corporations to grow unwieldy and control too many competing interests, to the overwhelming benefit of a thin strata of executives, exacerbating income inequality.
Which is in part why antitrust activists are not going to split hairs over Khanna avoiding making targets of his constituent companies: Any frequent, vocal support of antitrust action is enough to set a member of Congress apart at this point, even if that support is general. Lina Khan, legal policy director of the Open Markets Institute, says that antitrust-reform efforts can absorb the occasional absences of reform advocates in Congress when efforts target companies housed in their district areas. Still, concentration in tech is “exacerbating and accentuating the harms that we’d already been seeing playing out in earlier decades,” says Khan, and addressing concentration in tech is critical for a serious antitrust-reform movement. “Other companies are responding to the power of tech by further consolidating,” Khan pointed out: CVS pharmacy reportedly plans to buy insurer Aetna, following signals that Amazon is entering the pharmacy space. “We’re in this moment where, as these tech platforms are eating a growing share of commerce, other companies are feeling like they have to buff up in response to that, and so that is bad.”
Throughout 2017, as social-media-addled minds chased one shiny news object after another, one story was constant and inescapable: “Russia.”
On March 3, 1998, Senator Orrin Hatch called to order a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. In attendance were a number of tech-industry CEOs, including Bill Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft, which single-handedly determined the course of the personal-computing industry through Windows — at that time installed on about 90 percent of computers. Two months later, the U.S. Department of Justice and 20 state Attorneys General would sue Microsoft for anti-competitive business practices and launch a court case that would last for three years.
At that moment, though, Gates was simply attempting to help answer the question Hatch had posed at the beginning of the hearing: “Is there a danger that monopoly power is or could be used to stifle innovation in the software industry today or, perhaps more importantly, looking forward?”
For all of these reasons, there’s been an upswell of interest in using the government’s antitrust power to check the expansion and influence of these tech giants. The problem, though, is that it’s not always clear what an antitrust case against Facebook or Google might look like, or what its effects might be — after all, these companies are different than Ma Bell or Standard Oil, whose monopoly statuses were obvious in effect and easy to grasp. For that reason, it’s useful to look back to the Microsoft case, and see how its legacy offers lessons in how government can effectively keep Big Tech in check, even short of actively breaking up companies.
But the sheer size to which Facebook and Google have managed to grow presents its own set of problems. Facebook has purchased some potential competitors, like Instagram, and copied features from others, like Snapchat, leveraging its enormous user base to ensure continued dominance. Google’s bundling of services, like shopping, with its search function has drawn fines from EU antitrust regulators. And both have come under fierce criticism for the ambiguous but outsize roles they play in the dissemination of news and information, especially during last year’s election.
Microsoft’s defense was that Internet Explorer was baked so thoroughly into Windows that the two products were inseparable: Removing the browser functionality would cause the operating-system quality to decrease.
The government’s complaint in its 1998 lawsuit contended, in essence, that the agreements Microsoft had with computer manufacturers that distributed preinstalled copies of Windows on the computers they sold were being unfairly leveraged to distribute Internet Explorer. You couldn’t get Windows without also agreeing to include IE, and some agreements put restrictions on whether and how manufacturers could offer copies of competitors’ browsers — in particular, Netscape Navigator.
“Our argument was, ‘You’ve taken steps that materially weaken these potential enablers of competition,’” recalled Douglas Melamed, who worked in the Department of Justice’s Antitrust Division at the time. “‘There’s no justification in terms of improved product quality, reduced costs, or the like for your conduct. In effect you have made it harder for new entrants to compete against you without any efficiency justification for your conduct, and that violates the antitrust law.’”
In a traditional antitrust case, this would likely have been a smart tactic. “Most antitrust trials are tried not like they were trials, but if they were some kind of academic investigation,” David Boies, who represented the government during the trial, explained in a 2008 talk at Harvard Law. That is, they’re judged not on persuasion but on fact-finding. Who cares how a witness comes across? All that matters is the data. (Boies, widely regarded as one of the best trial lawyers in the legal profession, is currently helping defend Harvey Weinstein.)
But as Boies put it, “Federal judges are designed to be general-purpose jurists,” not subject-matter experts. (Especially not when the subject matter is computers.) So he set about constructing testimony that called into account the credibility of witnesses.
That Microsoft didn’t immediately grasp how important perception would be to this case became clear over the course of the trial, and would prove disastrous for them. There was, for instance, the hours of taped deposition featuring Bill Gates, in which the bespectacled icon came across as snarky, combative, petulant, and eager to engage in needless semantic arguments — in short, an asshole. These excerpts became a defining aspect of the case, supporting the government’s case of Microsoft as selfish and greedy.
“I think going into the case, most people were on Microsoft’s side,” Harvard Law professor Lawrence Lessig said in a recent interview with Select All. In 1997, Jackson had attempted to appoint him special master concerning the 1995 consent decree, though Microsoft argued that he would not be a fair arbiter, and eventually he was dismissed from the role. “But,” he continued, “by the end of that case — both watching Bill Gates squirm and being obviously too clever by half in his testimony, and that debacle of the faked demonstration video that tried to represent how the system would be degraded if they tried to do what the government said, and it turned out it was just made up — those were moments that were reported on over and over again. And as they were reported, the public began to develop a very different sense of who the company and Bill Gates were.”
This approach worked in large part because the trial was a rarity — an antitrust case against a popular and well-liked company. In the late ’90s, Gates’s competitors and peers may have loathed his strong-arm tactics, but nobody else did. Unlike Standard Oil or Ma Bell, the masses didn’t seem to mind or even be aware of the ill effects of Microsoft’s power. Gates was a college-dropout genius visionary who had brought computing to the masses. Even if you didn’t have a computer in your house or at work, you probably knew that Gates was the richest man in the world.
Gates’s deposition — puzzling, aggravating, and at times comical — seems respectable in comparison to some of the technical demonstrations that Microsoft presented to the court. One videotape purportedly demonstrating that Internet Explorer was essential to the operation of Windows was rife with inconsistencies — and Boies pounced, leading Judge Jackson to say that he felt doubt had been cast “on the reliability of the entire videotape demonstration.” “That was just an inexplicable blunder on Microsoft’s part,” Melamed reminisced.
The Microsoft case offers a number of complicated lessons for the contemporary antitrust movement, not all of them encouraging. There’s a strong argument to be made, in fact, that the circumstances of Microsoft in 1998 don’t really apply to Facebook or Google. U.S. v. Microsoft focused on products sold for a fee; Facebook and Google offer products to consumers for free. These free products are a detriment consumers in considerable ways — the accumulation of vast amounts of personal data has given a select few technology companies the ability to home in on customers at the behest of anyone willing to pay, warping perception — but they don’t directly harm wallets, which has been the American test for antitrust violation since the 1970s.
In November of 1999, Judge Jackson found in favor of the government. Microsoft did indeed hold monopoly power, and had used it to unfairly harm consumers and competitors. In June of 2000, Judge Jackson decided that Microsoft should be broken into two: A Windows OS company, and an everything-else company. But Jackson’s sudden decision wouldn’t prevail. A year later, the seven-judge panel on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the decision, disqualifying Jackson for misconduct. While the case was pending, he had spoken to reporters candidly about it, discarding judicial impartiality. The new Department of Justice under George W. Bush was not eager to contest the panel’s decision and stated as much on September 6, 2001. Microsoft would survive as a single company, albeit with certain stipulations in place. It was prohibited from tying Internet Explorer to Windows, and the company could no longer force OEMs to refrain from promoting competing products by way of the contracts OEMs signed to get Windows onto their PCs.
“All antitrust comes down to two things: Did the defendant engage in anti-competitive conduct — meaning conduct that has no efficiency properties — and did that conduct have the effect of creating market power that the defendant wouldn’t have in the absence of that conduct?” Melamed explained. “You have to find a causal connection between market power and wrongful conduct, and I haven’t seen the case made that these companies [like Facebook and Google] have engaged in serious violations of antitrust laws.”
In other words, the first step for antitrust advocates would be to shift American legal and judicial understanding of how antitrust law works to apply it to today’s tech giants — a difficult, but not necessarily unachievable, task. Legal scholars like Columbia Law professor Tim Wu and congressional Democrats (particularly those in the newly formed Antitrust Caucus) have suggested returning antitrust to focus on all anti-competitive behavior, rather than the more narrow standard of consumer welfare. Nowhere is this distinction more clear than in tech: Google and Facebook may be free, and therefore escape scrutiny by a consumer-welfare standard — but it’d be easy to argue that their size and dominance create anti-competitive conditions for the markets in which they work.
But the structural question of the trial’s effectiveness — that is, did the lawsuit play a significant role in opening up the field for new or small tech companies like Google and Apple? — seems to have a clear answer: Yes. Boies said that the decision made every Microsoft-like company “more bureaucratic in terms of decision-making.” It began acting a lot more cautiously, and running more of its decisions past lawyers. The tech industry disruption principle to “move fast and break things” could no longer apply. Microsoft survived the case as a single company, but it emerged from the proceedings drastically changed. Interoperability between platforms and products is now key to Microsoft’s consumer business strategy. It needs its software to be available on and compatible with platforms that it doesn’t control, but does, in some ways, compete with. At the same time, the company is/was no longer confident in its ability to maintain its market share — and became so focused on protecting Windows that it was slow to adapt to the mobile-computing revolution that rival Apple came to define. Like BlackBerry, Microsoft had smartphone software before the iPhone came along, but was too confident or not nimble enough to reorient itself in time.
Similarly encouragingly, the highly publicized case seemed to have knock-on effects in adjacent industries. The resolution of U.S. v. Microsoft happened around the same time that broadband internet was being more widely deployed across the country, and there is little doubt in Lessig’s mind that the ISPs and cable companies held off on killing nascent competitors like Skype or YouTube out of fear of an empowered Justice Department.
If Hatch’s question sounds familiar, it’s because nearly 20 years later, we’re still trying to figure out the answer. Over the last decade, Facebook and Google have emerged as the internet’s dominant powers, in many ways as a result of good business decisions: Both companies created efficient and high-quality products that beat their competitors and helped them build and cement their successes.
The most important lesson might simply be to underline that antitrust lawsuits against tech behemoths are possible. “I think one important antitrust accomplishment of the trial,” Boies reflected, “was to demonstrate that the government could indeed try a large, complicated case, and that counsel and the court could bring one of those cases to trial in a reasonable period of time.” These are gargantuan companies that can bury a government legal team in paperwork, but the challenges are not insurmountable. They just require the political willpower — and the talented lawyers — to do so.
If you’ve ever said to yourself, “Man, I wish my Instagram feed featured more random photos from people I don’t know!” Then this one’s for you: Instagram’s latest update will let you follow hashtags.
It’s very appealing, for the drama alone, to imagine some as-yet-unknown company driving Facebook into Myspace-like obscurity, or Alphabet being broken up, or whatever scenario for the demise of one of Silicon Valley’s five dominant companies you prefer to imagine. Not just appealing but natural to do so: We have in living memory at least a dozen examples of large and successful tech companies just failing, or becoming shadows of their former selves: Myspace is a ghost town owned by Time Inc. AltaVista and Friendster are long dead. Even Yahoo! and AOL, while still technically around, have become part of whatever Verizon-owned, centaurlike creation Oath can claim to be.
This recent history of “creative destruction” is important to Silicon Valley not just for its narrative neatness — Davids that become Goliaths, only to get toppled by new Davids — but for the protective shield it provides. Why be worried about Google’s power (or Facebook’s, or Amazon’s), when they’re each a bad decision against a more nimble competitor away from irrelevance? Surely Facebook can be Facebook’d, just as Myspace was? Surely Google will someday be disrupted?
Both network effects and path dependence derive from the same simple fact: The major players in contemporary Silicon Valley aren’t just software service providers, or purveyors of consumer technology, but “platforms” — that is, whole marketplaces unto themselves. As Pasquale puts it, “There’s no natural market force that’s going to replace these companies,” in part because “essentially they are not participants in markets, they make markets.” Because companies like Google, Facebook, and Apple both provide their own services — email, messaging, movie listings — and provide the means through which you access competing services, they have the power to decide what lives and dies online, and possibly even steal from others or favor their own products, something Yelp has long accused Google of doing. (And that the European Commission found Google to have done around shopping price-comparison sites.) As Ben Thompson has argued, this isn’t in and of itself a bad thing for the consumer from a product perspective — often, Google’s baked-in services are the best in class. But it is a bad thing for competition, and it certainly makes it more difficult to compete against it.
“Self-reinforcing” is the key problem of the power dynamic inside Silicon Valley. Google’s size is inextricable from its success; the more people that search, the better its results are. A similar loop plays out on Facebook: The more friends that sign on, the better it is to use; the better it is to use, the more people sign on to it. This is the result of “network effects”: the well-known idea that for some services, quality relies in a large part on their ability to build broad networks. For social networks, search engines, ride-share services, and OS companies alike, a large network of users is fundamental to success — and a large network of users is about the one thing you can be sure that a new start-up won’t have. How can Google be disrupted if network effects mean its dominance will only lead to more dominance — and if you need a Google-size network to compete?
Of course, they’re not the first companies to recognize the potential of a platform business model — AOL and Microsoft both made a run at platform dominance in the 1990s. But Microsoft was, to use Pasquale’s phrase, “softened up” by antitrust actions taken against it by the U.S. government. AOL, for its part, entered a period of decline because technology broke the moat it had built around its users — once people switched to broadband from AOL’s dial-up connection, they weren’t spending most of their time inside the company’s walled garden of content anymore. This kind of sea change in technology is the likeliest path to the downfall of this era’s giants. But where widespread broadband internet was the kind of technological development that opened up the playing field for smaller and less well-funded start-ups, the exciting new technologies on the horizon — machine learning, self-driving cars, and augmented or virtual reality — all require enormous investments, not to mention the kind of vast troves of data only available to the biggest and most successful companies in Silicon Valley. Maybe more to the point, tech’s big five (Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, and Apple) are all heavily invested in those new technologies, an indication of smart management actively defending its position.
Or take Gmail, where you probably have an account. It’s a perfectly serviceable email option, and has the virtue of being free, but there are more secure services, like ProtonMail or Riseup, that’ll harvest less of your data. What would it take to get you to go through the effort of switching to another service at this point? Most of your social media is probably tied to your Gmail address, as well as accounts with your bank, shopping sites, a plethora of apps on your phone, not to mention all the other Google services you may use. The time and effort involved in extracting parts of your life from Gmail — even to switch to a clearly preferable competitor — would probably stop you from doing so.
Network effects can help create path dependence, but they aren’t some sort of foolproof method for maintaining it. That requires the work that platforms like Facebook and Google have done getting other industries to buy into what Caplan describes as “the social and economic relationships that have been forged between publishers, platforms, intermediary ad companies, analytics companies,” and so on. For instance, media companies have spent so much time and money training employees on how to distribute articles and videos on Facebook, as well as how to use a specialized type of cookie called the Facebook pixel and other products developed by Facebook to garner whatever traffic they can, that they’re now extremely path dependent on the company and its products.
But network effects work both ways, as when users leaving Myspace in droves led even more users to leave, helping turn it into the relic it is now. While network effects may be instructive in understanding how the current crop of large-platform companies got where they are, they don’t entirely explain why those companies are so effective at holding their positions and making it hard for users to leave. Robyn Caplan, a researcher at Data & Society, suggests that it may be helpful to think of how they do this using another concept: path dependence, “which holds … that once a country or society has started down a particular road, the costs of reversal are very high.”
Which brings us back to the central problem: that whole self-reinforcing-power thing. Disruption isn’t impossible — a major technological change could do it, or losing enough users to make a service no longer useful — but every year that the biggest tech companies grow, they cement their dominance and make their demise less and less likely. The dream of motivated kids creating giant-killers in their dorm rooms and garages is a powerful one. Just not powerful enough.
The answer, unfortunately for people who enjoy the roller-coaster sensation of switching internet services every decade, is “probably not.” Frank Pasquale, a law professor at the University of Maryland who’s spent years writing about tech companies, remembers critiquing Google almost a decade ago to a tepid response. At the time, he says, economists and antitrust experts said he didn’t understand that, like Microsoft, Google would be knocked from its dominant position. Obviously, that hasn’t yet happened. “I’ve just been in sort of a state of frustration for a decade over this stuff,” Pasquale says. “Because I think it’s just so obvious that unless you have massive intervention at this point, you just have a massive, self-reinforcing accumulation of data, money, and power at these companies.”
Though hashtags seem to primarily be used on the app as a way for influencers to gain followers, this move seems to indicate that Instagram wants them to become something more (#inspiring?). You can follow a hashtag by simply searching for it and clicking the “Follow” button. Posts featuring the tag will instantly begin to appear in your feed, as will some of the latest stories.
P.S.: Before you go ahead and follow 25 super-embarrassing hashtags about, I dunno, anime or something, please be aware that everyone can see your Hashtag Follows — just like your regular ones — on your profile.
Thankfully, following a hashtag won’t move every post using that tag into your feed, just the “best” ones (a.k.a. the nine most popular posts from that period). This is particularly nice, because accidentally populating your feed with every photo including #lit would probably count as a human-rights violation. (In my professional opinion.)
This is just to say that even though Twitter rolled out a feature making it easier to thread your tweets doesn’t mean you should use it. After being rumored earlier this fall, the company announced today that all users are going to be able to draft their tweet threads and then, with a single button click, tweet the whole thread. Rather than the usual move of typing each tweet and tweeting each tweet one after the other until you’ve made whatever point you were trying to make. Or until you realize that you’re not actually going to be able to make said point and are just hanging yourself with 140-character — er, 280-character — missives in front of all of your pals online.
It’s possible that this new feature will mean that people will fully flesh out their thoughts in a smart and concise manner, taking the time to edit them and make some sort of productive point over the course of their 32-tweet-long thread. Maybe this new feature will be a good and dialogue-promoting addition to the platform. Oh … wait. This is Twitter we’re talking about. Never mind.
Not to state the obvious, but there’s some irony in the fact that the biggest video game of the year — maybe of the last five years — is made by a guy who calls himself PlayerUnknown. In his defense, he adopted the moniker when he was unknown. Now, Brendan Greene, an Irishman who found success cobbling together video-game mods while living in Brazil, lives in South Korea, “or whatever convention or hotel” he gets sent to, promoting Microsoft’s new Xbox console. Millions of PC gamers know his real name and spend thousands of hours playing his game — PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. Today, it arrives on the Xbox One. As he put it when we met last month, “I’m now becoming PlayerLeaveMeTheFuckAlone.”
It’s going to be very hard to get fans to do that. PUBG, as it’s known to its devoted fans, has already found phenomenal success on PCs. Within six weeks of its debut, it had sold 2 million copies; as of this month, more than 24 million copies of the game have been sold. “Over 6 million have played 100 plus hours,” Greene bragged. Earlier this year, the game broke the record for most concurrent players online at the same time on Steam, PC gaming’s biggest video-game marketplace. A quarter million fans, not even playing the game, watched streamers explore a new map when it went public last week. PUBG is such a phenomenon that today’s Xbox One launch might be a bigger deal for the Xbox brand, which has lagged a step behind rival PlayStation, than it is for Greene. Now, Microsoft can claim a stake in a bona fide video-game phenomenon — one that’s not only enormously popular, but is changing the way people make and play video games.
Every match starts the same way: A plane flies over a desolate, vaguely Eastern Bloc island. The 100 people inside the plane decide when to parachute out. Once on the ground, they scavenge for supplies — weapons, armor, backpacks, health supplies, frying pans, anything that might give them a slight edge. Shortly after this exploratory period, players are given a destination to head to on the map, and just to make sure that happens, a slowly contracting force field funnels players in the right direction (players don’t last long outside the force field).
Unlike games like Call of Duty or Halo, which place players in close proximity with plenty of firepower to waste, PUBG is a somewhat calmer experience. You spend much of the time alone (or with your handful of squad-mates), exploring abandoned buildings, and trying to find a couple of bullets. It’s a game about knowing when to choose your firefights. Do you shoot at the car driving past or do you wait behind a wall until it’s gone? You can spend minutes without seeing another soul, only to find yourself in a sudden, frantic fight to the death.
If you saw PUBG casually, over the shoulder of someone playing it, you might be surprised that it’s reached this level of popularity. It’s not a particularly visually impressive game, and gameplay can been oddly quiet and slow. PUBG is a “battle royale” game, which means it’s one that throws dozens of players into a combat arena and forces them to fight to the death until only one remains. As the name implies, it was inspired by the Japanese film Battle Royale, though you might be more familiar with a comparison to The Hunger Games.
Nevertheless, his multiplayer mod, which he released on his own site, battleroyalegames.com, was a hit among gamers, traveling through the Arma and DayZ communities. “When I first launched the DayZ battle-royale mod in Arma 2, I only had six servers. I had to restart them all and lock them all by hand, because there was no way to do that automatically,” he recalled. “I was monitoring the text chat and I’d see people saying, ‘I’ve been waiting two days to get into this.’”
Soon he started hacking together his own mods — homemade add-ons — for the game, creating a multiplayer mode that would grow into the PUBG juggernaut. Greene, then a DJ and photographer living in Brazil, was not a dedicated coder. His earliest versions were made of code he “begged, borrowed, and stole.”
This is, obviously, a conscious decision on Greene’s part. Greene has long loved games that encourage exploring, like DayZ, a popular zombie-survival game that began as a mod for a military simulator called Arma 2. “The first time I played it, I ran around for about four hours,” he explained wistfully. “I did nothing in those four hours; I just ran around and survived, but it was the most amazing time I had in a video game, because it was just a world.”
The success of those projects brought him to the attention of Chang Han Kim, a developer at South Korean studio Bluehole. Kim told Greene that Bluehole could make his dream game, and more audaciously, that they could bring it to market in a year, an ambitious but not unheard-of turnaround time by the standards of video-game development. Greene would get a team of developers, significant creative control, and the chance to develop his ideal game from the ground up, rather than shoehorning it into someone else’s work.
After PUBG leaves Early Access and hits Steam as a finished game, paid add-ons like cosmetic player upgrades, which don’t affect player performance or ability, will be the game’s primary revenue stream after sales of the base game wane. “I’d like to see some nice suits in there, so you can John Wick it up a little,” Greene added.
DayZ eventually grew from a mod into a full product, so Greene ported the mod over to Arma 3. Soon after, Sony Online Entertainment began talks with Green about adapting his mod for their zombie game H1Z1, this time calling it “King of the Kill.”
It’s also a lucrative business model. Rather than selling players a new game each year, you might try to get them to pay for the service multiple times, a model that once only applied to persistent online games like World of Warcraft. For months, PUBG players have been spending their time on a single large map. This month, they get a second locale to explore, the desert expanse known as Miramar. The game will also add a significant upgrade to how players move, allowing them to vault over low walls and through windows, which can significantly change the game’s rhythm. Greene told me that he was thinking of adding a system for allowing certain bullets to penetrate certain materials.
In the world of video games, though, “bring it to market” doesn’t mean “finish.” Steam, the dominant PC-game marketplace, allows developers to sell games before they are deemed finished, a model popularized by the cultural phenomenon known as Minecraft. It’s a good model for game creators, like Greene, who understand the medium’s balance between art and tool, trying to make something distinct and fun without worrying about making it definitive.
The ability to offer games as developers continue to work on them represents an enormous shift in the video-game industry, a move from imagining games as individual, often physical products that must be completed and shipped to stores to conceptualizing them as living, breathing services that can be altered in response to user feedback or market conditions. There are obvious practical benefits for this, but it’s also led to cultural shifts in how gamers interact with their games. A person buying PUBG not only gets a new game, but also buys into a community and — as someone investing early in an unproven product — a tiny bit of influence in exchange for their faith. At the end of the day PUBG only survives as long as it has an active player base, and maintaining that involves allowing the audience to be heard, even if you don’t necessarily care about what they have to say — Greene is adamant about his creative control over the game.
This is in part because PUBG is a great game. But it’s also because of another titanic shift in the video-game industry: the rise of streaming. Despite an almost complete lack of traditional marketing, PUBG exploded out of the gate on Steam thanks to it being seeded to the right influencers. Since its launch, PUBG has stayed near the top of the most-viewed game’s on Twitch, the de facto game-livestreaming service.
Video-game livestreaming is big business. PewDiePie, the most popular YouTuber, made his early mark playing video games and reacting to them in front of the camera. In 2014, Amazon bought Twitch, which started as a spinoff of Justin.tv, for a billion dollars. YouTube has a portal that mimics Twitch’s game-centric interface. Last year, Microsoft purchased Beam, a nascent Twitch competitor that has since been rebranded as Mixer.
It’s easy to see how to turn streaming into dollars. You can sell ad space on the stream itself, or you can use the streams to sell copies of the game being played, as Twitch now does. You can sell monthly subscriptions for a low fee and then also accept small tips that feel identical in form and function to Venmo-ing a friend. A good Twitch stream can be like a good sports broadcast — exciting, engaging, and maybe at the end of it, you go out and buy a basketball or the Nikes players are wearing, too.
It shouldn’t be a problem. Even as a game that was unfinished, PUBG saw launch numbers that would make most game publishers drool; by my back-of-the-envelope calculations, it’s earned $720 million in gross revenue — nearly three-quarters of a billion dollars — all for an unfinished game not yet available on console. “The curve is angling toward people playing a lot,” Greene says.
PUBG’s developers are very clear that the game wasn’t developed with streaming in mind, but the game and the industry’s current media environment seem well-suited for each other. “I didn’t know about streaming, I didn’t watch people on YouTube, but now I realize — yes, they are kinda important,” Green said as an intentional understatement. Getting streamers loyal to PUBG gives PUBG longer legs. The long stretches of downtime between spikes in action let streamers shoot the shit with the chat before they try to shoot competitors with a crossbow.
“What is the unique player story that is created every time I jump out of the plane? There’s an opportunity for expression that is unique in the game,” Nico Bahary, an executive producer on the Xbox version, said. “Do I engage my opponent? Do I strategically hide? Do I use a sniper approach?” PUBG serves as a big sandbox for self-expression, akin to games like Grand Theft Auto, but with the stakes ratcheted up substantially. You spend a lot of time over each match building and customizing your player in solitude, only to have that wiped out by another player in most cases.
Right now, Greene is focused on refining his vision for the perfect light-dystopian military simulator. But on the horizon lurks a number of opportunities. Tencent is releasing the game to an enormous new audience in China, where it will also be available on mobile. There are already plenty of other developers working on copying the battle-royale mode for their own properties (earlier this year, Bluehole entered into a brief tiff with Epic, which released a mode literally called “Battle Royale” for their game Fortnite). And of course, there are e-sports, which Greene thinks PUBG has an easy way into. Unlike strategy games like League of Legends or Dota, which require intimate and intricate knowledge of the rules, PUBG is easy to watch. If you’re alive, you’re winning. And if you’re dead, there’s always the next round.
Mixer is touting a few things that it hopes brings people over. There’s co-streaming, where multiple streamers playing the same game can be watched simultaneously, like gaming’s version of NFL Red Zone, hopping between feeds depending on which has the most action. There are also hooks in the platform to let viewers find ways to interact directly with the streamers they’re watching.
Streaming from a PC usually requires a Frankensteining of different apps and services, and PC gaming is generally seen as a “hardcore” market — one where those who care build custom rigs rather than opting for the ease of a one-size-fits-all console. The console market is much broader. Some customers buy a new game every week or two, some only buy that year’s Call of Duty. Earlier this year, Microsoft updated the console’s operating system to include a “broadcast” function right in the quick-access menu, making it easy to go live on Mixer in just a couple of button presses. As PUBG makes its way to a broader audience, so will streaming culture, and not far off from that is, presumably, a lot of money.
There are two types of people in this world: those who know what HQ is and those who don’t. And I guess there’s a third type of person who kinda knows what HQ Trivia is but doesn’t really know the specifics. Let’s help those people out.
What is HQ?
It’s a trivia app, from the co-founders of Vine, Rus Yusupov and Colin Kroll. What makes it cool is that the games are live, and occur twice a day: Once at 3 p.m. Eastern and once at 9 p.m. Each game is 12 questions of increasing difficulty, and if you get a question wrong, you’re out. If you somehow make it to the end, you split the prize money with everyone else. Currently, the usual prize pool is $1,500, though occasionally there will be special games with bigger pots. (So if 30 people win the game, they’d each get $50.) It’s only on iOS right now but an Android version is scheduled to go live later this month.
Does HQ cost money?
The app is free and playing the game is free. You just have to give them a phone number when you sign up (and presumably they pull some other data — but more on that later).
Is HQ gambling?
No, because you’re not paying money to enter. And I think it’s technically a game of skill, not chance.
What is the point of playing HQ?
The obvious point of it is that you could theoretically win a lot of money! On Monday night, only three people won the game, taking home $500 apiece. On the other hand, there have been games where each winner took home only a single-digit amount. If you’re hoping to win a life-changing sum of money, this is not your game.
The other point is that, in an age of on-demand entertainment, it’s a live thing everyone can coalesce around. During our holiday party this week a number of us sequestered in a corner of the room to try and win that night’s round. We all lost — but it was still fun anyway.
Who is the host of HQ?
Let’s say I win HQ. How do I get my money?
In order to cash out, you need to win at least $20. That can either be from one game or an accumulation of smaller wins. Once that happens, you give HQ your email address and they send you the money via PayPal.
How long does it take to get the money after you win HQ?
By all accounts it only takes a matter of minutes. My colleague Madison cashed out and received the money same-day. Another friend who won $98 in a special $10,000 game over the weekend got it in “like 15 minutes” after submitting his request.
What’s the thing about Scott and salads from Sweetgreen?
Scott was interviewed by the Daily Beast and then afterward, when the CEO of HQ, Rus Yusupov, found out, he got really mad and threatened to fire Scott if they published what he said. Scott had spoken about Sweetgreen and Yusupov was furious because they didn’t have a brand deal with Sweetgreen. It was a very normal interview with Scott and an insane reaction from Yusupov and so the #freescott campaign got started. They’re cool now though. Beyonce
Is HQ hard to win?
Yes! You only have ten seconds to answer the question, so you have to act quickly. You almost definitely won’t be able to Google the answer in time. On top of that, you cannot change your answer once you select it, so people with fat fingers, beware! Get a question wrong and you’re out.
… or are you? In order to get more people to sign up, HQ has a referral system. If someone signs up using your referral code (your username) (mine is “coolestbrian”), you get an extra life. You can only use one each round, but it makes it just a bit easier. You cannot use your extra life on the final question; you have to get that one right — I know from experience.
How do you link up with friends on HQ?
You don’t. You can just use a referral code once. It’s not a social network and there’s no team aspect to it.
Is HQ a good way to make extra money?
Hell no. It’s tough to win and you have to split the winnings. I won a round with 17 other people and walked away with $58. Nice to have but I’m not moving into a new tax bracket.
Are HQ winnings taxable?
I would assume so. It’s technically income. (IRS, if you are reading this, I did NOT win HQ.)
How did HQ get all of the money that it gives away?
Okay, now we’re getting into it. The money’s gotta come from somewhere, right? Well, like most Silicon Valley apps, HQ is funded by venture-capital money, specifically from Lightspeed Venture Partners. The app is not profitable yet. The success of HQ means that the company is seeking even more funding, valuing the company between $80 million and $100 million. That’s a lot of money, but we’re also talking about a program that seems to draw roughly half a million viewers every day. Not too shabby! And that number is sure to increase when it launches on Android.
How will HQ make money?
Uh oh! Cooper was talking about a tweet he had sent to our too-often-online president, Donald J. Trump, who was trying to walk back his endorsement of Alabama Republican Senate candidate and accused child predator Roy Moore following Moore’s defeat last night. “Oh Really? You endorsed him you tool! Pathetic loser,” the hacker wrote. The message has since been deleted, despite the fact that describing the president as a tool is entirely accurate and not fake news.
CNN put out a brief statement that it is working with Twitter to secure the account.
Facebook knows I wear glasses. I mean, it knows exactly what I look like, and can easily identify me in photos. It’s pretty sure I went to summer camp. (I did.) It knows I live in an apartment and if I won the lottery I’d like to fill that apartment with overpriced mid-century modern furniture. And it’s not my only close, intimate friend on the internet. Google can tell you everywhere I’ve been in the last month. It knows what movies I’ve been thinking of seeing. It also probably has a pretty good sense of the state of my immune system.
These companies know me so well because I’ve more or less willingly handed over all this data to them: submitting it to Facebook as profile updates and photos, and to Google as searches on maps or the web. But I’ve always wondered: Which one of my two big, friendly internet giants knows me better?
But the thing I always forget is just how good Facebook is at seeing. Facebook breaks down your preferences into categories, like “hobbies and activities,” “family and relationships,” and “lifestyle and culture.” Some of the topics within mine make sense to me — emoji, women’s rights, hiking. Some of them, uh, less so — natural selection, fuel, Bernie Madoff. Unclear what Facebook would want to sell me with that last one. Still, the things it gets right about me far outnumber the bits of information about me it gets wrong. I’m not a brunette. I have no interest in luxury cars. And I’m genuinely befuddled as to why “masculinity” appears under my education preferences. But I am a left-leaning apartment dweller, an iPhone user, and a journalist, with a birthday in March, who spends too much time on Twitter. (I feel so seen!)
A big part of what Facebook does with your information revolves around ads, so that was where I started my great data-harvest adventure. The easiest way to find out what the company already knows about you — or thinks it knows about you — is to check out your ad preferences. Facebook says it uses a list of a whopping 98 data points, from what kind of credit card (American Express) you use to whether you commute to work (yes, when the trains actually run) to determining how far you live from where you grew up (about a four-hour drive) to target ads to you. A lot of this is information you probably don’t even realize you’ve given them. Who among us can remember every single page we’ve liked or group we’ve joined?
Google makes it a bit easier to see just how much it’s been surveilling you — the company has a handy “My Activity” dashboard where you can see everything you’ve searched, mapped, listened to or watched. For me, that means Google knows I watched as alt-right YouTuber Baked Alaska livestreamed on YouTube from an In-N-Out parking lot after he was kicked off Twitter earlier this month. It also knows I watched a few too many YouTube videos of a friend’s new girlfriend doing stand-up comedy. If you’re a Chrome user — I am — you can see all the pages you’ve visited on any given day; if you’re a Gmail user — duh — the same goes for interactions with your inbox.
You can see your ad preferences in Google too, though they’re not as detailed as Facebook’s. You’ll find them under “Ad Settings,” where Google shows a list of “topics you like” and, if you’ve tweaked your settings at all, “topics you don’t like.” (Google pulls some of these topics from the videos you watch on YouTube.) My list includes things like “pop music,” “TV dramas,” and “news.” I moved “country music” to the “topics you don’t like” column — a few early Taylor Swift videos here and there does not a country fan make. The Google list reads more like a generic understanding of my video tastes and less like Facebook’s strangely specific puzzle of my personality traits.
So which platform knows “me” better? Having parsed through what info I could get my hands on I think I’ve settled on Facebook being the better surveillance organization. At least for me, personally. Facebook’s got a load of information about places I’ve been, things I “like,” and the real people I interact with online, and subsequently in the real world. Google might know of every dumb question I’ve ever asked, but it’s Facebook that could realistically calendar out the last decade of my life down to the places I went, the people I was with, and what color shirt I was wearing while I was there. The information Facebook has on me is both hyperspecific and generally accurate because, well, I told Facebook everything it wanted to know about me — mostly when I was a teen and not quite wary enough of the dangers of data.
“I’d say Facebook is a bit more immersive, while Google is more contextual,” David McQueen, research director at marketing-intelligence firm ABI Research said, agreeing when I told him my pick. “It [Facebook] makes the individual the center of the universe so you buy in. You share things, you share information with your friends … which Facebook then has the ability to use for other purposes.” Which is not to say that Google doesn’t also know a metric ton about me, too — often, even more private and potentially embarrassing things than Facebook. It just comes in second. (Debating the tie for third — Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Snapchat — could keep up here all day.)
But location is where Google really shines. The most thorough, and probably most useful, information Google has on me comes from Google Maps. My Activity breaks down your, well, activities by date, so pick a day and you can see all the places I needed to go that day. The address of an upstate New York airbnb. The Brooklyn DMV. The coordinates of a waterfall in northern Iceland. Of course, those are just mapping directions, which don’t necessarily mean I actually went to those places. Though in most cases, I did. Conveniently, and I don’t have any active memory of doing this, I have location tracking turned off for my phone, so Google doesn’t keep a log every time I go somewhere. Which is a thing it can do, if you’d like. Google would probably like it, too. (I’ve also got Google’s device info storing — things like your contacts and calendar info — turned off, as well as voice/audio activity, which would probably matter more if I had a Google Home or an Android phone.)
On top of checking out your ad preferences, you can use Facebook’s graph searching tool to search for things like “Places visited by [Your Name]” or “Events attended by [Your Name].” (I used Stalkscan — it’s free — which collated all this for me in one place.) I’d thought that Google would easily beat Facebook on knowing where I’ve been, thanks to Google Maps, but looking at all the places you’ve been to — this includes location check-ins and geotags on photos — you start to realize maybe you didn’t need to let Facebook know every time you took a vacation. And there’s something anxiety-inducing about seeing every Facebook event you’ve ever attended, or “attended,” listed and dating back for years. I’d rather not be reminded of the great Gamma Xi stoplight party — wear green if you’re single, red if you’re not, and yellow if you’re somewhere in between — of 2012, but there it was for all the Facebook data-mining world to see. I’d told Facebook where I was, who I was there with, and exactly when I was there. It’s everything your parents wanted to know about you in high school, except instead of telling them, you told a giant company.
In fact, Facebook and Google probably know me better than my co-workers, and even some of my friends. It sounds almost funny when you think about it like that — and it certainly makes both sites, in most ways, better and more personalized. (It’s also what allows them to remain free: I give them data about me in exchange for social networking and search-engine skills.) But it’s also a bit nerve-racking. It’s difficult to get a full picture of exactly what information Facebook and Google have acquired and stored about me. “They really don’t make it easy to get ahold of data,” McQueen told me. “And that’s the element they’re able to sell to marketing companies and companies who want to push their products on you.”
It’s not that I’m worried, necessarily, that creeps at Facebook or Google are spying on me. Most of my data is being processed entirely by software to serve up specific ads for me, with no human beings looking at me. Facebook assures users all data given to advertisers has been anonymized: “We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address that can by itself be used to contact you or identifies who you are) with advertising, measurement or analytics partners unless you give us permission.” And Google emphasizes that it “doesn’t sell your personal information” to advertisers. It’s more that it’s frightening to think that all of this data about me — points that range from the obvious to the intimate — are being collected and stored by enormous single companies that have built elaborate profiles of me, and my legal rights as a consumer aren’t very broad. What happens in the event of a catastrophic security failure?
Earlier this year, the Economist wrote that the most valuable resource in the world in 2017 isn’t oil, but personal data. The developer Maciej Ceglowski has compared personal data to something even less appealing: nuclear waste. “The current model of total surveillance and permanent storage is not tenable,” he writes. “If we keep it up, we’ll have our own version of Three Mile Island, some widely-publicized failure that galvanizes popular opinion against the technology.”
On the other hand, Facebook’s algorithm has a tendency to take things very literally. A shot of a plane’s wing indicates my interest in “wing tips,” but when I clicked to see sample ads for that preference, Facebook had nothing to show me — probably because I was interested in an ad for a pair of menswear-inspired shoes, not aviation. I’m not sure how to take that: Facebook knows I like wing tips, but it doesn’t know what wing tips are. Does that mean it knows me better, or worse?
As a solution, Ceglowski suggests that companies limit their collection of data, and clear the behavioral data they do collect every 90 days. It might make Google and Facebook marginally less useful, but it’d also help hedge against catastrophic events. This seems right to me — though I’d add that the U.S. would be well-served to adopt the European Commission’s privacy rules, which require software companies to hand over all collected personal data to European citizens who request it. At the very least, that’d make it easier to find out who knows me better.
Last Friday in Alaska and this morning in New Jersey, three defendants pleaded guilty to creating the Mirai botnet, a sophisticated malware program behind many of the largest cyberattacks over the last couple of years. Mirai works by taking over Internet of Things devices with predictably poor security measures. IoT devices are are usually smart devices that aren’t your traditional computer or phone — cameras, routers, light bulbs, refrigerators, coffee pots, and so on.
In federal court in New Jersey today, Paras Jha pleaded guilty to violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act by orchestrating a number of DDoS attacks against the Rutgers University network, overloading it with traffic at points when it could cause the most disruption, usually around midterms and finals. Jha, as well as Josiah White and Dalton Norman, pleaded guilty to violating the CFAA in the District of Alaska by operating the Mirai botnet. They authored the software, and then posted the code online to cover their tracks. Jha and White are 20 years old, Norman is 21.
At its peak, the Mirai botnet had compromised more than 600,000 devices, creating a DDoS tool magnitudes greater than anything the internet had seen before, capable of crippling huge parts of it. Last October, a Mirai-based take on Dyn’s DNS service caused disruptions all up and down the East Coast. At the time, Mirai was reportedly directing upward of a terabyte of traffic at Dyn every second, an unprecedented statistic. (The three men who pleaded guilty this month are not believed to be behind that attack.)
Eventually, investigators were able to track down the trio thanks to a few digital clues. The origins of Mirai, according to a new report from Wired, however, are fairly innocuous. Mirai was built as a tool to disrupt competing Minecraft servers, thus allowing the botnet owners to control the lucrative market. Tracking the program’s architects was a concerted global effort. According to the Justice Department, it involved collaborators from “the FBI Newark Cyber Task Force, Rutgers University Police Department, N.J. State Police, the Federal Protective Service, FBI’s New Orleans and Pittsburgh Field Offices, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana, the United Kingdom’s National Crime Agency, the French General Directorate for Internal Security, the National Cyber-Forensics & Training Alliance, Palo Alto Networks Unit 42, Google, Cloudflare, Coinbase, Flashpoint, Yahoo and Akamai.”
Jha is scheduled to be sentenced in March of next year.
Almost every day, HQ — the viral trivia app from the creators of Vine — splits up two $1,500 prizes among all of the many winners of its two live trivia games. I say “almost” because, well, sometimes, there’s only one, very good (and very lucky) winner. Yesterday, Cesar Paolini was the only player in the 3 p.m. game to answer all 12 questions correctly, meaning that instead of having to split the game’s $1,500 prize with other winners, Paolini got to keep the whole thing for himself. That single win made him HQ’s highest all-time winner. The next player, @AllanG, has won several games and has still only made $821. Chump change.
Select All caught up with Paolini, who is a Miami-based father of three who, when he’s not kicking all of our asses in trivia, works in finance at an oil consulting company. He said his big win coincided with his son’s first birthday. Which seems like a pretty good way to celebrate. Paolini talked to us about trivia, HQ cheaters, and what comes next after you become the world’s best trivia player — a very official designation I definitely am qualified to bestow — in a single afternoon.
Hey, Cesar. Congrats on your big win. So when did you start playing HQ? I downloaded HQ after reading about the controversy where they were supposedly firing Scott over some media interviews that he gave. I think I first played it on November 30th, after reading about the game.
Are you a frequent trivia player? Do you watch Jeopardy!?I enjoy trivia, but I am not a frequent trivia-game player. On the few times that I have watched Jeopardy!, I usually get the correct answer. I haven’t watched Jeopardy! in at least five years. I would really enjoy trying to play the real game! I have always been pretty good at trivia games like Trivial Pursuit, but I rarely play anything. I am a big sports fan, and I am really good at sports trivia.
Was this your first HQ win? I have played HQ about ten times in total. The most questions I had gotten correct before Wednesday was seven. Most of the time, I had gotten six correct answers.
Did you think the questions were hard? I thought the questions on Wednesday were hard, but for some reason or another, I knew most of the answers immediately. A lot of people were thrown off by a question about Venezuela, which I was able to get because I am originally from there. It all seemed like a blur. After the eighth question, the app had a lot of lag, and I stopped hearing the host. I couldn’t see video of him, either, only the actual questions would show up, so I was more stressed about there being an issue with connectivity and not being able to finish playing.
Were there any questions where you guessed, or did you know everything cold? I am almost ashamed to say that I did guess an answer correctly, and it was the last one. I am a big Harry Potter fan, and when I started reading the question, I thought that it would be easy for me. I knew that one of the choices was obviously incorrect, so I guessed between the other two choices.
Did you Google any of the answers?I do not Google any answers, I find it impossible to type and read that fast, I don’t think there is enough time to do that.
Will you keep playing HQ now that you’re the top-earning player in the world? I will keep playing HQ, although I know that the probability of winning again is very low. Even tonight, I sneaked out ten minutes to play while my wife was giving our birthday boy a bath. I got seven questions right. It wasn’t one of my proudest parenting moments!
So, let’s just cut to the chase. Let one company win.
But as ideologically appealing as open standards might be, they also tend to require more work, and can result in some very rickety systems. (Ever tried to set up your own email server? There’s a reason everyone turns to the convenience of Gmail.) And given that there doesn’t seem to be much appetite in D.C. for more than scolding tech companies — and that there’s absolutely no incentive for tech companies to play nice with everyone else or willingly cede control of any market — it seems like a jerry-rigged open-standards future isn’t just unappealing, but nearly impossible. Tech’s biggest players firmly own their own particular niches in the ecosystem, but all of them are currently fighting border skirmishes with at least one other company. It’s exhausting.
On the list of “reasons to advocate for more government regulation of the technology sector,” “Jake’s convenience” ranks pretty low. But it’s an appealing case. If you feel that companies like Facebook, Google, and Apple have grown too powerful, you might hope that the government will take up antitrust action against them, and then, through stick and carrot, enforce some kind of open standard — every company’s product would work simply and easily with others, whether by government fiat or some broad industry consensus.
This is the gleaming future: Dozens of incredibly powerful and convenient programs and services at my fingertips, none of which work with each other. My digital life, such as it is, is currently stretched across warring fiefdoms. Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon, and Microsoft all offer a similar array of services, and each company offers the best-in-class in at least one service. But each one makes it kind of a pain in the ass to get everything to work with everything else.
I’m not the first person to come up with this solution. Peter Thiel argued that competition is a false idol in The Wall Street Journal in 2014, suggesting that open-market competition forces companies to focus on razor-thin margins, rather than thinking longer term. As my daily struggles with syncing services proves, competition in the technology industry comes at the cost of convenience and ease of use. Writes Thiel: “Only one thing can allow a business to transcend the daily brute struggle for survival: monopoly profits.” Who wants a daily brute struggle? Not me!
And while some of the companies swallowed up by my gargantuan corporation would likely protest, overall, Silicon Valley could hardly argue against smoothing out the edges of individual companies. One of the core beliefs of Silicon Valley is the benefits of network effects and interoperability. Put in plain English, most networked things are better when more people use them, and networked things are better still when all of that data and all of those systems can communicate with each other. Smooshing every competing tech giant into one would create the world’s largest network, and interoperability would follow in kind. Just imagine: a huge, open network where everything can talk to everything else. It would be historic.
But imagine the benefits! I wake up in the morning to a perfectly working calendar; links on my computer take me to the proper programs; my podcasts are always synced; and I have access to all of the streaming media I desire. The dream of frictionless computing long sought by today’s megaplatform behemoths would finally have been achieved. In Silicon Valley, bigger really is better, and biggest is best.
I realize that by calling for one company to take over one of the most profitable sectors of the global economy, I’m inviting in a kind of dystopia. A world ruled by Amazon is one that’s amazingly efficient, but also ruthlessly Taylorized. Put Apple in charge and you get a world where everything is beautifully made, but impossible to change. Microsoft’s world mostly works, but at the cost of deathly boredom. Facebook’s world is fast, earnest, and completely clueless. When its algorithm discovers that nuclear winter really moves the needle, we’d get to Instagram some glorious final sunsets after a hundred mushroom clouds bloom.
The main problem with my solution, besides the whole “megacorp hellscape” thing, is that none of the big five has enough capital to acquire its four other competitors. Luckily, the federal government could intervene with taxpayer money, fronting one company the four trillion or so dollars you’d need to realistically buy out everyone. The federal budget in 2016 was $3.9 trillion dollars, which would mean deep, deep cuts to every part of the federal budget. Accordingly, part of my grand bargain would include the stipulation that the company we choose would also take on managing things like national security, interstate commerce, and issuing currency.
Frankly, out of all of them, I might prefer a Google world — it already has a foothold in nearly every part of the tech ecosystem, from hardware to operating systems, and probably touches more bits of most people’s lives than any other company. (My preference for Google has nothing to do with the fact that it has its hands on my entire search history and all of my Gchats.)
I will be the first to admit that my plan has its flaws. But when looking at other potential fixes for the trap we’ve stumbled into, I don’t see anything else that realistically has a chance. For a pain-free future, let’s just expand one company’s walled garden out as wide as possible. I’m sure, in a few years, those of us not removed in the purges will be quite comfortable living there.
And, with American citizens so heavily invested, it would only make sense that they also have a say in which company is picked to take over, and who gets to run it. As shareholders, we’d have a process to remove the CEO if he or she is proving ineffective at providing the gadgets, dopamine-feedback apps, and streaming video we need to survive in the modern world — say, a shareholder vote every 16 financial quarters.
Instead of juggling four platforms at once, moving your communication and your calendars and your media across OSes, hardware, and software, let’s just have one: an all-in-one email, browsing, streaming, shipping, playing, scheduling, ride-sharing, reading behemoth. Every bit works with every other bit, and I’m not stuck staring at random Facebook birthdays.
Interview has been edited for length and clarity.
When I wake up and want to see what my day looks like, I check my Google calendar. Of course, it’s filtered a bit wonkily through Apple’s Cal app, and filled with — for reasons I’m still not quite sure about — birthdays of obscure Facebook friends. At work, I use an Apple laptop, but have tabs open with Google’s browser and Google’s Gmail — though if I click on a link to email someone, by default my computer will open Apple’s Mail app. When I get home, I’ll ask a smart speaker from Amazon to play a podcast while I futz around in the kitchen, and then fruitlessly try to get Alexa to fast-forward an episode of podcast, because Amazon doesn’t sync up with Apple’s podcast app, and I’ve already heard the first 20 minutes. At the end of the day, if I want to unwind by watching a show on Amazon Prime Video, I need to use my Roku — not a Google Chromecast (and, until recently, not an Apple TV, either).
Since Donald Trump took office, former White House photographer Pete Souza has been using his Instagram as a weapon of massive shade destruction. Each time Trump does something, um, questionable, Souza posts an Instagram from a correlating event or moment during the Obama era. The Trump administration says it can’t find the light switches in the the Cabinet Room? Souza posts a photo of Obama’s cabinet hard at work and very well-illuminated. Trump — falsely — says Obama never called the families of fallen soldiers? Souza posts a photo of Obama and a grieving military family. This has been going on for months. (It’s also not bad press for Souza’s new book, Obama: An Intimate Portrait, which came out recently.)
Today, the Federal Communications Commission will vote on and likely pass a policy called (put your tongue in your cheek here) “Restoring Internet Freedom.” That policy will repeal the Open Internet Order, a 2015 policy that preserved net neutrality, the principle that your internet-service provider should not be able to play favorites by slowing down (or, worse, charging for) access to certain sites and services. The new policy is short-sighted and illogical, and nearly every major internet company (that isn’t an ISP), along with a large selection of loud and angry internet users, have opposed it.
Last night, Pai appeared in a little piece of viral propaganda made by the Daily Caller’s Benny Johnson, who holds the world record for “number of times fired from bottom-feeding right-wing blogs.” The video presents “7 Things You Can Still Do on the Internet After Net Neutrality,” a sentiment not unlike “7 Things You Can Still Do After You’ve Been Tied to a Chair in a Basement Somewhere.”
Among the things you can apparently still do: Instagram your food (so long as your ISP doesn’t throttle Instagram); binge-watch your favorite shows, like Game of Thrones (not necessarily a given if AT&T merges with HBO owner Time Warner!); and drive memes into the ground (fair!).
This is how the open internet dies: a desperate-for-approval telecom lawyer dancing next to an opportunistic conspiracy theorist in an effort to seem hip. It was fun while it lasted, I guess.
But the most compelling argument in the video, as Gizmodo highlights, is the appearance of Martina Markota, a Daily Caller reporter who produced a lengthy video promoting the “Pizzagate” conspiracy. (Pizzagate operates on the theory that prominent liberal political operatives are running a child sex ring out of a D.C.-area pizza shop, and last winter a man brought a gun into the business to “investigate.”) But don’t take our word for it!
The New York Times Magazine caught up with Souza this week. Fun facts include a tidbit about how Souza only took one sick day in four years — he underwent anesthesia for a colonoscopy and would have happily gone to work afterward, had his doctors not advised against it. Also, that oftentimes the job, mostly loafing quietly in the Oval Office and watching governing happen, was boring as heck, “like watching paint dry, because the situation is so similar.” But the best bit is that Souza, our fearless leader in shade, doesn’t care a fig if Trump sees his Instagram posts.
From The New York Times Magazine:
Souza out!
It’s time to look back, folks. To look back on all of the memes we Googled — because we thought they were funny, or sad, or heard a young person talking about them and had no clue what was going on — during 2017. Google Trends rolled out its annual data report this week. Here are the top ten most-Googled memes of 2017.
Snapchat’s best and most infamous filter of the year. It’s a hot dog, wearing headphones, who break-dances to a catchy little tune. Honestly, I’m not sure why you people were even Googling this. It’s that simple to explain. Hot dog. Headphones. Break-dancing.
This could be so many things, and I could probably tell you more about them if I actually watched Game of Thrones. But based on Google’s related-queries data, it seems like the most popular of the Thrones memes of 2017 involved a cameo appearance from one Ed Sheeran.
After Trump won the election, a new meme popped up involving imagined conversations between Barack Obama and Joe Biden. Biden wanted to prank the incoming administration, while Obama would, kindly, admonish him. Good for a laugh during a particularly grim time.
But maybe they just haven’t watched this video yet.
Stephen King’s terrifying novel It got the big-screen treatment this year, but the meme winner wasn’t from the 2017 version of the story. Instead, a screenshot of It’s Pennywise the Clown in a sewer from the 1990 made-for-TV mini-series adaptation got a new life as a viral, nightmare-inducing joke.
A robot security guard tasked with “guarding” the streets of San Francisco from the homeless has been put on administrative leave after it was found knocked over, covered in barbecue sauce, and wrapped in a tarp.
The sauce-covered bot had originally been deployed by the San Francisco SPCA to deter homeless encampments in the city’s Mission neighborhood; however, it was almost immediately met with resistance from locals and government officials alike. In addition to, you know, being designed to terrorize the homeless, some citizens complained that the security bot scared local dogs, and was just generally pretty rude to pedestrians.
In a vote split 3-2 along party lines, the Federal Communications Commission voted this afternoon to repeal net-neutrality rules that protected consumers from their internet-service providers, undoing regulations that ensured a fair and open internet.
Fellow commissioner Brendan Carr argued that the free market and consumer choice would ensure that ISPs don’t decide to throttle, block, or alter the content that customers request — which, again, great! Except that the FCC’s own data shows that 50 percent of American households don’t have a choice in who their broadband provider is.
Over the course of the last year, Pai has steamrolled ahead with this regulation despite not holding a single hearing on the subject; despite the fact that the FCC’s public comment system was abused, flooded with fake identical comments signed by people who later said they never submitted anything; and despite the fact that net neutrality is one of the few issues with strong bipartisan support. (If there’s one thing that unites Americans, it’s love of cheap streaming video and hatred of their cable companies.)
Or they weren’t, until now. The rollback, titled Restoring Internet Freedom, moves regulatory control of ISPs from the FCC back to a toothless Federal Trade Commission. Ajit Pai, the former Verizon lawyer and current FCC chairman spearheading the policy, said during today’s hearing that undoing the regulations would spur investment in broadband deployment, which sounds great, except that ISPs have freely admitted that the net-neutrality protections didn’t significantly affect their investment in that area.
In the long term, though, the internet could get slower, dumber, and more expensive. While it’s nice to imagine ISPs competing against one another to promise net neutrality, as most of us know from our own lives, it’s rare to have very much choice in how you access the internet. What you can expect instead is ISPs throttling, or slowing down, traffic they don’t like very much — BitTorrent downloads, say, or streaming video.
Still, Pai, Trump, and the ISPs now have what they what. What does this mean for you? Despite the dire warnings of dedicated activists, it won’t mean much — in the short term, at least. Among other things, it does mean that you’ll have to be a lot more vigilant about paying attention to what your ISP is promising. Regulatory authority of ISPs is returning to the FTC, which punishes violations through lawsuits and fines instead of preemptive action; if your ISP is transparent about how it’s screwing you over, there’s not much to be done. (Shortly ahead of today’s vote, Comcast removed a promise not to discriminate against certain types of traffic. In effect, if they don’t create a pledge they later violate, then it’s not a deceptive business practice.)
Net neutrality, if you’ve managed to avoid any of its fiercely protective proponents online, is the simple principle that ISPs like your cable or telephone company are required to treat all internet traffic equally. They’re not allowed to show preferences to certain sites or services, either by speeding them up, slowing them down, or blocking them entirely.
What can be done? There are better options available to consumers besides yelling at Pai on Twitter, as good as that might feel. Strong and sustained interest in net neutrality over the past year has made it likelier than ever that Congress might take action (and again, Democratic and Republican constituencies largely agree on this issue).
In the meantime, expect this issue to remain before the court for a few years. New York’s Attorney General announced shortly after the vote that the state would sue to uphold net neutrality, and there is precedent to support that. The 2015 Open Internet Order was upheld by a court this past summer, which, as commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel pointed out, gives the 2015 protections strong legal standing, contrary to what Pai believes.
Today’s vote is a bummer, but hardly a surprise. In the meantime, your internet service should remain largely unaltered, at least until the dust settles and your ISP gets to work carving up the internet into fiefdoms.
However, this is far from the first act of human-on-robot violence in recent Californian history. Earlier this year, a drunk dude was arrested for beating up a security bot in Mountain View. Both victims were Knightscope bots: 300-pound, five-foot-tall machines designed to patrol areas and alert authorities to any “suspicious” activity.
Knightscope bots have grown pretty popular in cities with a high minimum wage, as their creepy surveillance services only cost potential renters roughly $6 an hour, and most companies would rather deal with a cheap bot that occasionally commits suicide in public fountains and runs over children than, you know, pay an actual human being a living wage.
Per Bloomberg, Samsung is planning on rolling out its own smart speakers in the first half of 2018, shipping them with its homegrown AI assistant, Bixby. The speaker will cost $200 and focus on audio quality. It will also feature touchscreen controls.
For those keeping count, that would make for five major players making smart speakers for the home: Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Home, Microsoft’s Harman Kardon Invoke, Apple’s (now delayed) HomePod speaker, and now Samsung.
Samsung’s AI assistant, Bixby, in my experience, does not clear that bar. At least as I’ve used it on a Samsung S8 Plus and a Samsung Note 8; it lags considerably behind every other competitor I’ve tried, both in speech recognition and overall functionality. Samsung may be trying to hedge all of this with a built-in touchscreen, which gives another avenue to interact with a device if Bixby biffs something, but the whole point of smart speakers is being able to just talk and have it work 95 percent of the time. If I’m constantly having to walk away from the stove because Bixby can’t understand what playlist I want to listen to, it’s a poor smart speaker.
But the smart-speaker wars are going to be a zero-sum game. Whoever controls the main way to interact with homes increasingly filled with connected devices will have tremendous power. To do that, you need something smarter than Bixby is right now.
Samsung has one advantage over its four competitors: It makes a huge range of appliances and devices for the home, from TVs to dishwashers. It’s also been early in the smart-home space, buying up SmartThings in 2014 and folding it into the well-reviewed Samsung SmartThings hub.
But the more I use different smart speakers, the more I realize how important the “smart” part is, and how ultimately unimportant the “speaker” part is. The Echo became a runaway hit, despite having so-so sound, and I still use the original version in my home without complaint. I’ve tested a number of other smart speakers that sound pretty good, but the most important part, when you’re using a speaker that you primarily interact with purely through voice, is that the AI assistant needs to be rock-solid.
Samsung has made it clear that it’s backing Bixby for the long haul (even if it reluctantly allowed Samsung phone owners to disable the dedicated Bixby button on their phones). It’ll continue to pour resources into it, and with enough training, Bixby could absolutely improve. And Samsung may be putting out the speaker more as a bid for the Asian market than for North America (Bixby was originally rolled out and tested using Korean phone owners).
Wu Yongning died earlier this year doing what he was best known for — “rooftopping,” or the practice of climbing atop very tall buildings and taking photos in precarious positions. The sport, if you could call it that, is certainly not for the faint of heart. Before his death Yongning’s Weibo account was full of photos and videos of his many stunts. But the posts, the New York Times reports, stopped on November 8 when Yongning fell 62 stories off of the Huayuan Hua Center in Changsha, the capital of the Hunan Province in China.
Yongning reportedly climbed the building as part of a contest with a prize of $15,000. “He planned to propose to his girlfriend [the day after the challenge],” Wu’s step-uncle, Feng Shengliang, told the South China Morning Post. “He needed the money for the wedding, and for medical treatment for his ailing mother.” Instead, the attempted stunt would be his last. In a video — we’re not going to link to it because it’s incredibly unsettling — Yongning can be seen doing pull-ups off of the side of the building. He successfully completes two, but on the third, he begins to struggle until his loses his grip and falls.
Performing dangerous stunts in the name of viral fame and incredible aerial photos has become a trend in recent years. It’s almost surprising — if fortunate — that we don’t hear about more stunts gone terribly wrong. One can only tempt fate by hoverboarding on a skyscraper so many times. Earlier this year, a photographer in Chicago died after falling 20 stories during a shoot. Since Yongning’s death, Chinese officials have asked people to stop livestreaming their stunts, and called for the streaming platforms to stop incentivizing users to attempt said stunts.
Wednesday night, shortly before dismantling net neutrality, Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai appeared in an absolutely awful piece of “viral” propaganda entitled “7 Things You Can Still Do on the Internet After Net Neutrality.” The video shows Pai taking selfies with dogs, Instagramming a very disgusting looking bowl of “food,” and doing the Harlem Shake with would-be Pizzagate propagator Martina Markota.
Musician and producer Harry Rodrigues — who you probably know as Baauer — had a serious problem with this. (Beyond, you know, the abject horror of watching the cringeworthy video.) Because he created (and, thus, owns the rights to) Harlem Shake.
“The use of my song in this video obviously comes as a surprise to me as it was just brought to my attention,” Rodrigues said in a statement to Billboard Dance. “I want to be clear that it was used completely without my consent or council. My team and I are currently exploring every single avenue available to get it taken down. I support Net Neutrality like the vast majority of this country and am appalled to be associated with its repeal in anyway.”
The artist Diplo brought Baauer’s attention to the video via a tweet Thursday morning.
In response, Baauer tweeted, “I’m taking action. Whatever I can do to stop this loser.”
A combination of a reference to My Little Pony, the cast of which includes a pony named Applejack, whose catchphrase is “What in tarnation,” and a picture of a Shiba Inu wearing a cowboy hat, which circulated Tumblr at the beginning of 2017. The joke was easy: Just put a cowboy hat on something and caption it “What in tarnation.” Bonus points for wordplay.
Elf on the Shelf is a horrifying children’s “toy” that parents can position around their house during the holiday season under the guise that the elf is always watching. Thus, kids should behave. It’s creepy. This meme played on the Elf on the Shelf rhyme scheme. Shrek on a deck. Cat on a mat. You get the idea.
After crew members violently dragged a passenger off of an overbooked flight when he refused to give up his seat, United Airlines doubled down and acted like everything was fine. The company’s CEO referred to the incident as a “passenger re-accommodation,” and defended the crew’s reaction on the plane in a letter to employees. Twitter, however, didn’t see it the same way.
If you don’t know Danielle Bregoli and her infamous catchphrase “Cash me outside, howbowdah” by now … what rock have you been living under, and can I join you there? The teen made a name for herself when she and her mother appeared on Dr. Phil to discuss the teen’s “out of control” behavior. (The episode was originally shown in 2016, but didn’t reach peak virality until it was re-aired this year.) From there, Bregoli was everywhere. A record deal with Atlantic. Owning David Spade on Instagram. Pleading guilty to marijuana possession, grand theft, and filing a false police report.
Facebook’s official news blog is a bit dull, as any good company blog should be. So it was surprising to see a blog post pop up on Friday with the title “Hard Questions: Is Spending Time on Social Media Bad for Us?” It was less surprising that a half-trillion-dollar company very much reliant on people continuing to use social media ultimately came to this conclusion: “No, it’s actually very good — as long as you use it the right way.”
The post — written by David Ginsberg, director of research at Facebook, and Moira Burke, a research scientist at Facebook — is a bit of a milestone. As far as we can tell, it’s the first time that people employed by Facebook have admitted that perhaps using social media does make some people feel awful:
But, the researchers employed by Facebook argue, there’s a flip side:
The researchers then go on to point to some of the ways Facebook will make sure you are “actively interacting” on Facebook. They’ve removed clickbait headlines from showing up in your News Feed, instead showing more posts from friends. They’ve introduced the “Snooze” option for muting people for 30 days, or the “Taking a Break” option for keeping exes out of your online life. These are all quality-of-life improvements on Facebook, to be sure, but they all also help improve how long people stay on Facebook. The less you see someone or something annoying or get reminded of an ex, the more you keep browsing through your News Feed — still by far the most important part of Facebook’s business when it comes to making money.
Facebook has taken a bit of a beating from high-profile former employees lately. “We need to sort of give you a little dopamine hit every once in a while, because someone liked or commented on a photo or a post or whatever,” said founding president Sean Parker at a recent event. Former Facebook exec Chamath Palihapitiya was even blunter in his assessment: “The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops we’ve created are destroying how society works.” (Palihapitiya has since walked his statements back a bit.) Even Mark Zuckerberg himself seems to be attempting to portray some sort of soulful reawakening with his cross-country tour of the United States.
Facebook took the unusual step of issuing a response to Palihapitiya’s comments, writing on Tuesday, “Chamath has not been at Facebook for over six years. When Chamath was at Facebook we were focused on building new social media experiences and growing Facebook around the world. Facebook was a very different company back then and as we have grown we have realised how our responsibilities have grown too.” This post is probably best viewed as a continuation of that refutation, an attempt to show that Facebook is taking the responsibility of having 2 billion people on its platform seriously.
To be extremely cynical about this: This is an elaborate head fake with a lot of links to academic studies behind paywalls. It gives up a bit of red meat to critics: Sure, Facebook and social media can make people feel bad. But it swoops back in to assert that science shows that as long as you use it in the right way, social media actually makes everyone feel much better.
The researchers cite numerous studies showing that there are people who feel better when they reach out to friends and loved ones on social media. “In sum,” they write, “our research and other academic literature suggests that it’s about how you use social media that matters when it comes to your well-being.”
If there’s a silver lining surrounding the FCC’s recent vote to undermine net neutrality under current chairman Ajit Pai, it may be the futility of the whole effort. There is a level on which the internet remains fundamentally neutral no matter what the FCC does. That’s because it is built almost entirely atop something called the Internet Protocol Suite, which was created in the 1970s by the Department of Defense. The IPS includes, among other things, a number of profoundly important technical specifications for which both the implementations and underlying theories are immaculate. They might even be strong enough to save the open internet. The catch is that they might not save it for the FCC’s constituents.
Let’s start with the Transmission Control Protocol, a part of the IPS that operates at the “transport layer” to define ways to send and receive arbitrary packets of data between computing devices, no matter how they are connected — with a physical cable, over Bluetooth, or using whatever else we come up with in the future. Once the packets finally arrive at the intended destination, they’re usually then handed off to more specialized “application layer” protocols optimized for a specific kind of task. For example, there’s FTP for file transfers, IMAP and POP for storing and sending email, SSH for remotely controlling other machines, and so on — and of course there’s HTTP, certainly the most widely used out of the whole gang, for loading sites, pages, and other resources over what we now call the web. Modularity, encapsulation, delegation; this careful separation of concerns is precisely how complex systems should be properly designed.
In a sense, Pai may be right about his actions improving competition — just not where he thinks. On a global level, the very same free market Pai thinks he’s championing could easily swoop in to undermine his new changes. The entire European Union has robust internet protections, and remains available to any businesses or other entities that prefer to work within an environment that provides net neutrality. Maybe you’ll someday be able to afford real estate in San Francisco again! Given enough time, even enterprise-grade physical infrastructure can adapt; Google already operates seven data centers around the world, to its eight in the United States; and Amazon Web Services has 7 domestic data centers and 15 elsewhere. The worldwide network of submarine telecom cables is far-flung and intricate. Consider that Apple financially operates out of Ireland due to the tax benefits, or that the Pirate Bay once tried to buy a 550-square-meter micro-nation in the middle of the ocean where it could freely supply the world with BitTorrent, and when that didn’t work out, instead considered mounting servers to aerial drones. Other than the inertia of an established headquarters in the United States, there’s no reason why any company — least of all the most successful and lucrative ones — would have to put up with Pai’s vision. The internet is global. That is the whole point.
The list of dissident Facebook employees is growing. In a recent talk, Chamath Palihapitiya, a former Facebook executive, said, “We have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works.” He aimed his criticism squarely at the like and heart mechanisms, lamenting that these engines of virality create “short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops [that] are destroying how society works.” The results, at their most disastrous, can be seen around the world: fake WhatsApp rumors leading to lynchings in India, Facebook disinformation driving the Rohingya genocide, and the most powerful person in the world using Twitter to regularly push inflammatory and outright false material.
But you needn’t have the privileged perch of a Silicon Valley VP to know that something has gone horribly wrong with our social-media platforms, particularly in how misinformation, micro-targeted advertising, and viral mobs can be marshaled to harass, confuse, and intimidate political opponents. In the United States, the overriding question is whether these tactics can swing elections. But every week seems to bring smaller, equally resonant examples of right-wing charlatans like Mike Cernovich and James O’Keefe weaponizing social media to launch bad-faith attacks against their putative enemies. Whether it’s Sam Seder — an MSNBC personality whom the network fired and then rehired after Cernovich launched a smear campaign against him — or a previously little-known Twitter user, individuals are left exposed to doxing, harassment, and job loss that make 2014’s Gamergate fiasco seem like a test run for techniques that have now become run-of-the-mill.
The Times’ announcement unfairly demanded that freelance employees adhere to the kind of standards expected of full-time, salaried employees while also being vague about what counted as an acceptable “online presence.” The Times, it seemed, was taking an already precarious class of workers and forcing them to look over their collective shoulder. And what exactly constitutes “strident partisan advocacy,” especially in this deeply polarized political climate?
In rehiring Sam Seder, MSNBC may have finally learned the lesson of not taking right-wing smear artists at their word. Similarly, the Washington Post recently expertly debunked an attempted smear campaign by James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas organization (never mind that O’Keefe still advertised the debacle as a succèss de scandale). But the larger problem remains: Our social-media platforms are woefully unequal spaces, where users have little control over the discourse, much less their own reputations. And as long as these power dynamics remain undisturbed, there’s not much that can be done to strengthen democratic forces on social media.
So what are these billion-dollar corporations going to do to keep their users safe and to nurture healthy discourse? Some companies have responded by promising more moderation — Google recently announced its intent to hire 10,000 new moderators to oversee YouTube — which could help. Facebook has experimented with human moderators to parse and fact-check the news. But these are only half-measures that fail to address the larger inequities baked into these platforms’ designs.
This kind of thinking also seemed to fuel a recent email announcement by the New York Times that its freelance contributors should avoid social-media posts that may attract accusations of bias. (I’ve written for the Times and received the email.) Framed as an “ethics reminder,” the notice instructed that “freelancers should take care to avoid activities on social media that would damage the credibility of the journalism they do for The Times. Strident partisan advocacy or offensive personal attacks risk undercutting a reporter’s credibility.” As if money-starved freelancers weren’t already put on notice, the email added: “Times editors may decide not to offer future assignments if they believe a journalist’s online presence shows poor judgment or could undermine The Times’s reputation.”
You’ve got plenty of choices depending on what sort of transitional vibe you’re after. Evanescence. Kesha. Jamie Lee Curtis in the iconic 2003 Freaky Friday remake.
The allegations of creepiness do not involve Yusupov, though he’s had his own issues lately. The co-founder threatened to fire host Scott Rogowsky in an interview with the Daily Beast after Rogowsky said, in an earlier interview with the outlet, that he enjoys eating Sweetgreen salads. You read that right.
For years, fans have been asking, “Who is the last Jedi?” and more important, “Will Rey and Kylo Ren smash their hot faces together? God, I hope so.” But The Last Jedi has also raised many other important questions, like, “What does porg taste like?” and “There’s an evil BB-8??” (Yes, BB-9E.)
All of this means fans are going nuts online, and there’s a lot of new and incredible writing to pour through. Here are some excerpts.
Fanfic: Litter by BubbaKnowltonRelationship: Hux–Kylo RenAdditional Tags: Mpreg, mpreg Ben, Porg Babies, Force Induced Pregnancy, Chubby Porg Babies, Sweaters, ChildbirthSummary: “Ben Solo gives birth to a litter of porglets, and turns to the dark side to protect them.”
Fanfic Title: Monochrome by Artemis1000Relationship: BB-8/BB-9EAdditional Tags: Past Relationship(s), Angst, Whump, Treat, Female DroidsSummary: “On a mission, BB-8 runs into BB-9E and gets a painful reminder that some things are forever lost.”
Fanfic Title: All of Your Tomorrows by ValkurionRelationship: Phasma-ReyAdditional Tags: Femslash, wlw, Emotional, Hurt/Comfort, Love, Romance, Reconciliation, Redemption, Lesbians, Yuri, Kissing, Crying, Lots of Crying, Protection, Comfort, Homosexuality, Lesbian Kissing, Girl On Girl, Women Loving WomenSummary: “When Rey finds her way to the rendezvous point where Chewbacca and Artoo wait for her, she finds Phasma intruding on the Falcon. They come to a struggling agreement to fly to Krate together, and Phasma soon finds herself reevaluating who she really is, as the First Order faces the threat of a new leadership at a perilous point.”
An update to the old-school Polaroid, the Fujifilm Instax has surged in popularity this year, thanks the analog charm of printing out your photos. For $59, it’s a good buy for anyone in your life who spends a ton of time on Instagram.
Fanfic Title: Star Wars by NirceleRelationship: Finn-PoeTags: English, Humor/Parody, Yoda, Finn, Poe D.Summary: Ghost Yoda visits Finn and Poe and they’re all horny.
Happy (almost) New Year! Choose your midnight jam wisely!
The second-generation Echo has better sound and a better look, but is still the same great Alexa AI assistant for the home.
Samsung’s MU6300 TV is a great upgrade for anyone who hasn’t jumped into 4K and HDR yet. Both the 55-inch and 50-inch models are generously priced through the holiday season.
As HQ Trivia continues to aggravate more than half a million people every day, players are struggling to find a way to get a leg up. They’re Googling answers quickly; they’re forming secret chat rooms to pool answers; they’re reading entire encyclopedias in the hopes of getting a slice of that sweet, sweet prize pool.
But for Paul Paquet, HQ has been a breeze. That’s because his job is literally writing trivia questions, and he’s come up with tens of thousands of them. He also runs the Trivia Hall of Fame, which you might find useful if you want to bone up on some random facts before the next round. Paquet has hovered near the top of the leaderboards since HQ launched, racking up hundreds of dollars in winnings, and was kind enough to offer Select All his thoughts on the app, as a long-time trivia expert.
How does trivia writing work? What’s that process?I am basically always on in terms of getting ideas for questions. Because everything around you can sometimes be ideas for questions. I read a lot of magazines. It’s a way of keeping young, too, because I’m on top of video games and web memes and shows on the WB that I would never be interested in otherwise. Pop music, of course. I listen to new music and stuff. So I’m always on the lookout for ideas for questions. Things just pop up all around you. I bought a notebook; I take pictures of things so I remember.
So when QuizUp launched a few years ago, about a third of the questions they started with were my questions. Yeah, so stuff like that. I’ve done stuff for Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader; I did stuff for an edition of Trivial Pursuit. Between those two revenue streams, it’s been enough to keep me busy.
A great question is like a joke where you provide the punch line. And the best questions are the ones where it takes a little bit of thinking, but if you think it through, you get to the answer. The best reactions I get in pub trivia is where I can tell that a team is thinking about it, and suddenly the bell has gone off in their head and they suddenly realize what the answer has to be, and I see the whole team light up and go, “Oh, yes! Of course, of course!” And those are the ones that people like getting the most. If you happen to know who the 42nd president is, that’s fine. But if you’re able to figure it out from the clues buried in the question … My approach to writing is to make the questions fun rather than just a raw display of what you know. I was writing one the other day which was “You’re breaking my heart. You’re shaking my confidence daily. You’re also the patron saint of music in Catholicism. Who are you?” And Cecilia, that’s a reference to the Simon & Garfunkel song, and Cecilia is also the patron saint of music. I like having little flourishes in there, little ways to get to the question from the question itself.
How did you get started in trivia?I’ve been doing it literally as a profession, as a job, for about, at least, ten years now. So I’m literally a trivia professional. In the ’90s, I did a job for a client and I still had the questions afterward, so I was trying to find ways — as writers do — of repurposing the questions, and getting more money from them. So we did two things: We started a pub trivia league here in Ottawa, and I started the website where we were selling questions. We did stuff for Microsoft Encarta, a whole bunch of clients like that. And as time went on, the league got bigger; the league got big enough that I was able to do that full time. And I still do database sales every now and again.
The other thing I think that they’re doing (and this is just my impression) I think that they’re aiming to get a number of people winning $50 each time, at least if not more. Because I think they’ve realized that that’s sort of the threshold where people will go onto social media and say, “Hey, I won $80, $105 on HQ,” and that’s the threshold I think they’ve figured where people will start inviting their friends and talk about it on social media. Because if you notice the number of winners now, sometimes you’ll get things where there are like 100 winners, but I think what they’re aiming for is to get 10 to 20 each time. There was one day where it was very, very clear where they wanted one winner, one big winner. Because the questions were extremely difficult and very tricky. So I think that there was at least one day where they wanted one or two big, big winners, and that’s what they did when somebody won $1,500 that day.
Do you think the app can sustain its popularity or do you think it’s going to drop off quickly, flash in the pan?It’s hard to tell. I don’t know if you remember QuizUp, because QuizUp was enormous there for a few months and they dropped off. I know some of the people on the leaderboard, and some of them have gotten frustrated and stopped playing. When I won, I was the only person to win $500 [the entire prize pool] one time, but there were only 30,000 people playing. As you get more and more people, it becomes harder and harder for them to have that sweet spot of people winning enough money to talk about it, so the questions have gotten harder and harder. And there are also more instances where the question is clearly designed to knock a whole bunch of people off the board, which is frustrating. The other issue that comes up, too, is that if you have half a million people playing, the odds of just simply hitting the button randomly and going all the way to the top increase. Once they get on Android and they have all the Android players, if they want to keep hitting that sweet spot, they’re going to have to either make the questions harder, which will frustrate people, or live with smaller pots for everybody.
At times there have been people who have been voice-reading the questions into an app and getting the answer. I guess that would be cheating, but that would be tough to pull off, because you have to read it quickly, get the answer quickly, and hit it all in ten seconds.
This has also been a very contentious argument in the office, so I have to ask you: What do you think of Scott?I like Scott, but I can absolutely understand why you wouldn’t. I think the tough part of his job is that for some technical reason, he has to vamp between questions and he has to fill the dead air between the questions, and the fact that he is able to do that is, to me, an impressive skill. But I can absolutely see where you would find it annoying.
A new conspiracy theory called “The Storm” has taken the grimiest parts of the internet by, well, storm. Like Pizzagate, the Storm conspiracy features secret cabals, a child sex-trafficking ring led (in part) by the satanic Democratic Party, and of course, countless logical leaps and paranoid assumptions that fail to hold up under the slightest fact-based scrutiny. However, unlike Pizzagate, the Storm isn’t focused on a single block of shops in D.C., or John Podesta’s emails. It’s much, much bigger than that.
As most terrible things do, this story begins with a post on /pol/, a sub-board of the more-or-less-anonymous, anything-goes website 4chan. Over the last few years, /pol/ — which technically stands for “politically incorrect” — has slowly but surely become a top contender for the ever-coveted title of the most upsetting community online. It’s the sort of place where neo-Nazis and people who believe women shouldn’t have basic human rights used to meet before we started verifying them on Twitter and electing them to public office. And as of late, it’s expanded its ranks to include fringe members of all shapes and sizes.
So he kept talking.
On October 28, someone calling themselves Q began posting a series of cryptic messages in a /pol/ thread titled “Calm Before the Storm” (assumedly in reference to that creepy Trump quote from early October). Q claimed to be a high-level government insider with Q clearance (hence the name) tasked with posting intel drops — which he, for some reason, called “crumbs” — straight to 4chan in order to covertly inform the public about POTUS’s master plan to stage a countercoup against members of the deep state. It was, in short, absolutely insane. However, thanks to some rather forced coincidences — like Q kind of, sort of guessing that Trump would tweet the word “small” on Small Business Saturday, and this one time the internet decided that Q was “totally on Air Force One” because he posted a blurry picture of some islands while Trump was on his trip to Asia — and a whole heck of a lot of wishful thinking, people believed he was the real deal.
They believe all of this will be coming to a head any day now. That “The Storm” — of arrests, political turmoil, and Republican vindication — is coming. Though there have been some, uh, miscalculations as for exactly when.
For example, take this “crumb” left by Q on November 1:
I’m not sure if you’re aware of this, but November has come and gone without the slightest hint of a Q-style military-backed Armageddon. Yet, this pretty glaring mistake doesn’t seem to have weakened anyone’s faith in Q. If anything, it’s brought more followers into the fold.
Over the last month and a half, the Storm has spread from the depths of 4chan and 8chan to Reddit, YouTube, and Twitter, where it’s found hundreds of thousands of devout followers. Some of the most popular explainer videos boast nearly 200,000 views, and the QAnon hashtag has gotten so popular, it’s honestly difficult to track. (I signed up for one of those freebie “Track Your Hashtag Now!” services and #QAnon hit the 2,000-post limit within four hours.) Some poor soul even took the time to write a 117-page book charting Q’s rise to power, which I’m guessing has been seen at least as many times as this very aggressive Imgur guide, which was at 137,000 views as of Sunday night.
It’s been a little over a year since Edgar Welch, military-style assault rifle in hand, walked into a D.C. pizza parlor, convinced it was part of a child sex-trafficking ring run by Hillary Clinton, and the internet hasn’t gotten better. If anything, it’s worse.
Sure, in the wake of Pizzagate’s brief encounter with reality, a lot of changes were made: Reddit shut down the conspiracy’s designated sub, Twitter suspended some of the movement’s most vocal supporters, and the whole thing was debunked time and time again by the press. But it’s more evident now than ever that this was merely a Band-Aid, not a cure. And now, here we are a year later with the same thing. Sure, it’s a bit bigger and a whole lot less focused, but at its core, it’s the same. What is there even left to try? We know that stopping the conversation doesn’t work. Neither do the facts. How can we even begin to argue with hundreds of thousands of people who choose to believe that a top government agent is speaking to them through 4chan, that Trump has been playing a game of 4-D mind chess this whole time, and that the Las Vegas massacre was an inside job? Is the next Edgar Welch already out there, scrolling through the Calm Before the Storm thread, and if so, is it even possible to stop him?
Earlier this month, I spent several hours standing outside on the streets of New York City in the cold with a line of hundreds of kids clamoring to get into a pop-up store. The host was Jake Paul, an infamous social-media star possibly best known for tormenting his California neighbors until they complained to the city to oust him. While we waited, I asked dozens of kids if they wanted to be vloggers like Paul, and if they already made YouTube videos. Lots of them said yes to both questions, but plenty of others — including a 9-year-old named Max — told me that they weren’t vloggers yet. They were waiting, and hoping, to receive cameras and microphones for Christmas to jump-start their internet careers.
If you’ve got an aspiring YouTuber in your life, they’re going to need some gear to get started. If you don’t have an aspiring YouTuber on your shopping list this holiday season, but you do have a preteen you don’t know what to get, vlogging gear seems like a pretty safe bet. I talked to a dozen or so kids who’d adamantly tell you so. If you really want to help said kid live the vlog life, they’re going to need a decent camera and a decent microphone. Sure, if you’ve got a laptop with a built-in camera, they could just film entirely on that device, but the quality won’t be great. Instead, hook them up with a decent digital camera with an input for a separate microphone for an ideal setup. Alternatively, a nice digital camera with a solid built-in microphone — we’ve recommended both below — is a good place to start, too.
The right of the people to petition the government for a redress of grievances is temporarily being revoked. At least online. White House petition site — the one where, purportedly, if you garner enough signatures, eventually the White House will be notified of your issue, be it aliens or something actually important, and get in touch — We the People is down. If you visit the site now, all you’ll find is a note telling you to come back in a few weeks. “To improve this site’s performance, the platform is currently down for maintenance and will return in late January,” the note reads.
This microphone mounts to the top of a camera for easing recording. (If you’re not going with a camera we’ve recommended, just make sure to check that the camera you’re buying or using has a mic input. Many don’t.) Obviously, this works better for your more traditional, face-to-camera vlogging, rather than any sort of crazy-stunt situation.
A solid digital camera that will get you some decent bang for your buck. Plus, as an added bonus, you can always steal it from your kid to use for your own purposes when they’re not creating sick videos. Heads-up: This camera has a built-in mic and no input for an additional one.
A pricier camera that will allow your budding influencer to shoot in 4K HD. Think of this like buying a DSLR camera — in terms of photo and video quality — but without having to buy a big, bulky DSLR. You can mount a microphone to the top of the device for better audio.
For a while now, a couple of years maybe, a seed has been growing in the back of my mind, wondering whether or not I should get off of Google Chrome. Maybe I should switch to Safari, which is based on the WebKit engine, same as Chrome. Maybe I should try Edge, Microsoft’s new browser who’s marketing gimmick was “We totally admit IE6 sucked butt for a very long time.” Or maybe I should see what Firefox is up to.
Then Chrome arrived and took over the market very quickly, aided by promo on the Google home page, which saw millions of users a day. Firefox, never terrible, but certainly a little scrappier, eventually turned into a runner-up.
Last month, when Mozilla released Firefox version 57 — Firefox Quantum — it touted the browser as the best Firefox ever, a significant overhaul both aesthetically and beneath the hood. It’s supposedly a lot faster than Chrome (we’re talking whole milliseconds here). It’s got tracking protections built right in. It renders things differently? I guess all of those things are nice, and it certainly feels zippier — though confirmation bias is playing a very heavy role in this analysis.
A few weeks ago, Mozilla announced a new version of Firefox, a browser well-known to anyone who secretly installed it on their grandparents’ PC in the early 2000s so that they wouldn’t have to use the abominable Internet Explorer 6.
Chrome, however, is not without its faults. For years, users have complained about it hogging memory and processing power. It’s also a web browser owned and operated by one of the most expansive data-harvesting operations in the history of human knowledge, which is surprisingly easy to forget, if we’re being totally honest.
Firefox, with its open-source structure and enormous library of extensions, eventually overtook IE6 as the preferred browser for anyone who considered themselves halfway web-savvy. You could block ads! You could create your own user scripts with Greasemonkey! You could install a number of very ugly skins! In middle school, I figured out how to load Firefox onto a USB stick and run it on the library computer, bypassing the filters installed for IE.
But the real reason I’m enjoying my switch to Firefox so far is more existential. As the largest companies grow and grow, and shift their business model from stand-alone products to persistent services, switching your preferred browser remains one of the primary important tech choices that consumers can still make. These companies want to make it difficult for you to leave their ecosystem, but with limited exception, they don’t mandate the specific browser that services are accessed from (the most famous exceptions to this are Apple keynotes, which result in the biannual Launching of Safari across the globe).
Switching your mobile operating system requires porting over contacts and data, making sure your app is available on a competing platform or some analog is. Leaving iOS requires getting Apple to relinquish its iMessage stranglehold on your phone number. Switching requires relearning buttons and interfaces and iconography. Shifting desktop operating systems requires relearning keyboard shortcuts, and plenty of software available for Mac isn’t available on Windows (and vice versa). Hell, the three buttons to close, minimize, and resize a window aren’t even in the same place. For tinkerers who really want to dig around in the system, get ready to learn two different file-organization systems. Because almost everything is a proprietary service now, your only option for accessing said service might be a first-party app.
Switching browsers is one of increasingly rare transitions that users can still decide on for themselves. Most browsers can import data like bookmarks and history from other browsers, making setup a breeze. Spend another five or ten minutes finding the right extensions, and you can create a reasonable imitation of your old web-surfing environment. Quite frankly, it’s fun to learn (or relearn) new software every few years, even at the slight expense of personal efficiency. By this point, you are probably locked into your desktop and mobile operating systems, but switching your browser — probably your most used app — can still provide the thrill of something new. Sure, it’s just a browser, but there’s a sense of discovery all the same. In a software industry that seems increasingly mundane and stagnant, that feeling is no small thing.
There are still plenty of old habits to relearn, though. Keyboard shortcuts are different, interfaces like those for bookmarks and downloads work a bit differently, and there are fewer analogous extensions. The Quantum update is incompatible with most extensions in Mozilla’s directory, but the important ones for things like whitelisting cookies and blocking ads are there (I have been asked by my employer to tell you that blocking ads is wrong, and you shouldn’t do it). Embedded tweets don’t render on pages, and I’m pretty sure that’s because I have strict tracking prevention enabled, but I’m not entirely sure, and quite frankly, anything that makes it slightly more difficult to read tweets doesn’t really bother me.
The site explains that all existing petitions — and their signers — have been saved and will be reactivited when the site comes back. Until then, I guess just write down your complaints on a Post-it note, or tweet them, or stand on Fifth Avenue and shout them aloud. All three will probably have a similar effect.
If you’re looking for an easy, all-in-one device at the low end of the price range, this is your move. You get the camera and the external mic for under $200. A good starter setup.
A slightly smaller, slightly cheaper option for an external microphone.
Have you ever wondered how many photos of you are floating around Facebook without your knowledge? Photos posted by friends who didn’t tag you. Photos posted by friends of friends who didn’t know who you were to tag you. Photos you just happen to be in that nobody was ever even going to try to tag you in. Facebook is rolling out a new feature using its facial-recognition technology to help solve this problem. The company will also notify you if your face appears in somebody else’s profile picture.
Facebook says its facial-recognition software can be turned off easily. “People gave us feedback that they would find it easier to manage face recognition through a simple setting, so we’re pairing these tools with a single ‘on/off’ control,” the company said in a statement. “If your tag suggestions setting is currently set to ‘none,’ then your default face recognition setting will be set to ‘off’ and will remain that way until you decide to change it.” The idea of Facebook alerting you if somebody is using your photo as a profile picture to impersonate you should make you feel a little bit safer. It makes me feel a little bit safer. Though not safe enough to forget that all this means is that a massive corporation is getting incredibly good at identifying your face and its defining features and remembering what you look like. The company said the new tech is available “in most places, except in Canada and the EU where we don’t currently offer face recognition technology.” Places that, coincidentally, have much stricter internet-privacy laws.
As Amazon and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, continue to skirmish over carrying each other’s products, Amazon may be mulling over launching its own version of YouTube.
Alphabet made the decision in early December to pull YouTube from the Amazon Echo Show, and will soon remove it from Amazon’s Fire TV streaming devices as well. The move came after Amazon refused to carry some Google hardware, including the Google Chromecast and Google Home, as well as not supporting Amazon Video on Google’s Chromecast hardware.
This doesn’t necessarily mean that Amazon will actually build out any of this — large companies like Amazon and Google file patents all of the time for products and services that never see the light of day. And getting a video-sharing service up and running is no small task. Allowing users to share content rapidly gets you into all of the headaches of dealing with user-generated content, from creating a smooth process for uploading video to screening for adult or violent content. YouTube competitor Vimeo has struggled for years, and even YouTube has struggled in past years to turn a profit.
The filing could be purely performative, meant to signal that Amazon is willing to let YouTube go. Still, while Amazon is usually more than willing to lose money in pursuit of market share, taking on the undisputed giant in online video is still a daunting prospect. Plus, it’ll have to think of a better name than “Amazon Tube.”
Two patent filings from Amazon, first spotted by the site the TV Answer Man, describe services called “Amazon Tube” or “Open Tube” that would create “on-line network services that enable users to share content, photos videos, text, data, images and other electronic works.” The two patent filings are identical, except for the name of the service. Amazon’s patents were filed on December 5 — the same day news became public that YouTube was being pulled from Amazon hardware.
The Google Home Max’s proposition is simple: If you like the idea of using Google Home’s quite-good voice AI assistant but also want big, big sound, get the Google Home Max for $400. I’ve spent the last week using it in my own home — is it right for you? Read on.
There are also some elegant touches. It ships with a magnetic pad that attaches to the base of the speaker, preventing it from resonating with whatever surface you place it on — helpful, especially since it ships with two beefy woofers that could otherwise cause some serious rattle. And if you want to get the Max into a narrower space, you can flip it into a vertical position and stick the magnetic pad on the bottom, where it easily rests. And adjusting the volume is as easy as running your finger over the top edge of the speaker. It also has a 3.5-mm input in the back, meaning you can hook it into another speaker system, along with a mic-mute switch (and a largely superfluous USB-C jack).
The Google Home Max lives up to its name: It’s a big hunk of speaker, easily the size of a single bookshelf speaker, and coming in heavy at 11 pounds. Nobody is gonna throw out their back moving the Max around, but it’s a far cry from the footprint we’ve come to expect from smart speakers — it doesn’t tuck away easily on a kitchen counter, or slip in inconspicuously on a side table in your living room. It still has the same affable design aesthetic of the original Google Home smart speaker, albeit in something a lot more boxy.
Out of the box, its EQ is tuned for a poppy sound, which means bass and high-ends are emphasized, while mid-range sounds are somewhat diminished. You can adjust the EQ settings in the Google Home app on your phone, but even then I wouldn’t say that you’re going to get the flat response you might get from monitor speakers. (That said, unless you’re mixing an album, you likely want that poppy tuning.) Thanks to the dual speaker setup, there’s a good amount of separation — individual instruments are easy to make out, and very little gets lost, even in sonically dense songs.
For day-to-day listening, I usually kept it at about 40 percent volume. At maximum volume, it gets uncomfortably loud, but also suffers from very little distortion. If you’re looking for a smart speaker that can stand up to even the most crowded house party, the Max is it.
If you’re already deeply tied into the Google ecosystem, Google Assistant allows you to check your calendar in the morning, or to give yourself reminders for things you need to do that then carry over. It doesn’t offer as many third-party voice apps compared to Alexa, but I only use a few Alexa apps regardless; what I want is a smart speaker that comes out of the box ready to be used.
And I’m not sure if it’s simply better mics or better AI, but Google Assistant is also better at speech recognition. Even when asking questions around a mouthful of food, it was able to easily keep up with most requests. (All that said, “Okay, Google” and “Hey, Google” are unpleasant phrases to say compared to “Alexa.”)
The Max also uses its built-in mics to do some on-the-fly adjustments to its sound, depending on where you put it in the room. In practice, I found it hard to distinguish a difference when I moved the speaker around my home, but this might just mean that the speaker’s placement AI is working as intended.
It’s worth taking a moment to appreciate how good Google Assistant is compared to Alexa (and, for the Harman Kardon Invoke, Cortana). It was good when the Google Home shipped last year, and it’s only gotten better. It can do complex tasks easily now, like telling me how long it takes to get somewhere via public transit and then sending directions directly to my phone, or walking me through a recipe step-by-step.
If you are intrigued but not rushing to pull out your credit card, I’d recommend waiting. Apple’s HomePod is coming out next year, priced at $350 and also going for a high-end audiophile vibe, including some of the same promises about smart sonic adjustments. It’s hard to imagine that the Google Home Max won’t see a price drop in the near future.
At $400, the Google Home Max isn’t cheap. And if you’re the type of audiophile who has a opinion about full-frequency-response speakers versus restricted-frequency-response speakers, it’s tough to see Google’s poppy EQ tuning jibing with you, especially when a Google Home Mini and a Google Chromecast (or an Echo Dot) allow you to put a voice assistant into any speaker system with an aux input.
But if you want the best-sounding smart speaker on the market today, the choice is clear: The Google Home Max is it.
The Max easily outpaces any other smart speaker I’ve used. It ships with dual 4.5-inch woofers and 0.7-inch tweeters. This translates into sound that has considerably more heft and punch than anything else on the market, especially when it comes to anything with bass.
After years of listening to the hype surrounding start-up Magic Leap and its purportedly bananas mixed-reality technology, we’re now one step closer to actually seeing what the fuss is about. One very, very small step. You still can’t buy the device, or try it out in a store anywhere, but now … now, we’ve got pictures!
Magic Leap One is being called the “creator edition” of the company’s tech. It consists of a pair of goggles, a.k.a. “lightwear”; a small, external computer pack, a.k.a. “lightpack,” which clips to the wearer; and a handheld controller. Rolling Stone got to spend some time messing around with the device, including demos like “a science fiction world, playing out an entire scene that was, in this one case, augmented with powerful, hidden fans, building-shaking speakers and an array of computer-controlled, colorful lighting.” The hardware, according to Magic Leap CEO Rony Abovitz, will come in two different goggle sizes and is expected to ship in 2018. No word on how much the thing will cost. (Worth noting that the company has made — and not come through on — shipping promises in the past.)
From Rolling Stone:
The demos sound cool enough, but given Magic Leap’s somewhat shady history with demos — remember that time it comically oversold what the company’s tech was capable of — it’s hard to get too excited just yet. (Though it is exciting to see product photos of a product that isn’t totally massive, given previous reports that the company was struggling to create a smaller device capable of doing everything Magic Leap wanted. These goggles may look lame, but at least they seem portable.) We’ll have to wait and see what’s up when Magic Leap One is readily available. Until then, just know that one time Beyoncé demoed Magic Leap and was bored by it.
If you’ve ever thought that your aging iPhone got a lot slower after updating iOS, Reddit users and the CEO of benchmarking app Geekbench say it’s not just in your head. They think Apple is intentionally throttling the speed of the CPU in older phones with aging batteries in order to prevent them from unexpectedly shutting down.
Reddit user TeckFire first posted to the /r/iPhone subreddit, showing two scores from Geekbench: one from before they replaced their battery, and one from after. After replacing the battery, Geekbench showed that the scores had nearly doubled. You’d expect battery life to improve after replacing a battery, obviously. But why had performance suddenly shot up?
Specifically, Poole compared benchmark tests from iPhone users on iOS 10.2.0 (before the fix was introduced), iOS 10.2.1 (after the fix was introduced), and iOS 11.2.0 (the iOS update put out at the beginning of December 2017).
What you’re looking at here is the distribution of benchmarking scores. You’d expect to see something like the far-left result from iOS 10.2.0: nearly all of the benchmark scores gathering around the average score of 2,287 for the iPhone 6s. What you see in more recent versions of iOS, however, is various peaks in the distribution. Most phones are still benchmarking around 2,287, but a significant number is also coming in at scores below that. “The problem is due, in part, to a change in iOS,” writes Poole. “The difference between 10.2.0 and 10.2.1 is too abrupt to be just a function of battery condition. I believe (as do others) that Apple introduced a change to limit performance when battery condition decreases past a certain point.”
The running theory for Reddit users and Poole is something like this: The iPhone 6 and 6s both had issues with abruptly shutting down, even with a healthy amount of battery left. Apple introduced a fix in iOS 10.2.1 that largely fixed the issue. So how did they do it? Possibly slowing down the CPU in iPhones with an aging battery to prevent the iPhone from drawing as much power. Your phone may run slower, but it’s better than it suddenly shutting down with 75 percent battery. This affects more than just the iPhone 6 and 6s; Poole analyzed the same benchmark tests on the iPhone 7, and found the same peaks in benchmarking after iOS 11.2.0.
It should be said that none of this has been confirmed (or denied) by Apple. We reached out to Apple for comment, and will update if they respond.
Writes Poole:
In the meantime, if you’ve got an older iPhone and feel like it’s dragging, you may want to run Geekbench 4 and see how you benchmark. If you’re coming in significantly below where you should be, consider replacing the battery. It’s $79 if you have Apple do it, or around $70 to $50 if you have a third-party repair shop or service take care of it. (I’ve used iCracked in the past and had decent luck.) Worst-case scenario, your battery will hold a charge for longer. Best-case scenario, you may find that your phone suddenly has more pep in its step.
Geekbench CEO John Poole took an interest, and began digging into all of the information Geekbench had gathered from all of the benchmarking tests it had run for iPhone users. He discovered much the same thing that the original Reddit user reported, except on a larger scale.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You’d think the Steele dossier was true. While the BuzzFeed article itself was cautious, this bubble was insisting that Trump “resign or be impeached” over “the Russian sex tape” (not to get excessively technical, but the alleged tape is not, properly speaking, a “sex tape”); another post claimed that “U.S. intelligence” had “confirmed Trump is being actively blackmailed by Russia.”
If you only got your news from this bubble: You’d be highly conscious of a spat between CNN and the Trump administration. The actual, shocking contents of the Steele dossier barely appeared at all in this more-staid Democratic bubble. Instead, CNN and New York Times reports about the fact that Trump had been briefed on the Steele dossier dominated, as did a lengthy video of Anderson Cooper and Kellyanne Conway arguing about CNN’s article on-air.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You weren’t much stressed about the Steele dossier in particular. The dossier as a subject only cracked the most-shared articles from these publications in the context of a Wall Street Journal report on the identity of its author. Otherwise, Russia appeared in slightly more prosaic contexts — “Was Trump behind GOP policy changes on Ukraine?” at Business Insider, and “Trump to meet Putin in first foreign trip as president: report” at The Hill.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You’d think the true enemies of this entire affair were John McCain — who gave the dossier to the FBI — and John Lewis — who announced he’d skip Trump’s inauguration over the Russia connection. This bubble only covered the Steele dossier in the context of furious posts about McCain and Lewis, though one major Facebook page did acknowledge it directly: President Trump’s. “Russia has never tried to use leverage over me,” he wrote. “I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA — NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!”
When the Unicode Consortium announced a few years ago that users would be able to modify preexisting emoji, and choose from a palette of skin-tone options, those humans who didn’t themselves have Bart Simpson’s complexion were relieved that the computer people who control so much of our lives had recognized this representation issue and done something about it. So, it became possible to choose your own shade of Santa, including black Santa, which — as long as you’re going to believe in this weirdly compulsory Western consumer-culture myth — matters (the Mall of America finally hired its first black Santa last year). And yet, if you look at the iOS emoji black Santa — especially compared with content-looking emoji Caucasian Santa — something seems not so jolly. He seems, in fact, sad. His mouth, under the mustache, is definitely not smiling. There is something heavy — weary, even — in his brow.
When we brought it up to graphic-design guru Debbie Millman, she said, “I think this comes from a combination of the skin-color contrast, the mustache, the eyebrows, and the eyes. First, the skin contrast: There is more contrast in all the elements of black Santa’s face. That’s just plain old optical color theory at work. White hair next to white skin isn’t seen as prominently as white hair next to black skin, etc. Next, look at Santa’s eyes: I call this the ‘Shih-Tzu effect.’ Shih-Tzu’s eyes look more human and emotional than most dogs because you can see more white around the pupils than in any other breed. The whites around black Santa’s eyes are more pronounced (again because of contrast) and make him look more human and emotional. Next, the droopy eyebrows are much more pronounced on black Santa. That’s just not fair. Finally, look at the mustache. Again, because black Santa has darker skin, his lighter facial hair has a lot more visual significance. So while the downturn on both white Santa and black Santa’s mustaches are the same, because of that pesky contrast in black Santa, the downturn is MUCH more pronounced.”
Or maybe emoji black Santa is just being honest. He’s tired. He’s been paying attention (remember, he keeps a list.) Even the defeat of Roy Moore didn’t seem to do much to lift his spirits. So, at the very least, leave him some emoji cookies and emoji milk.
It’s not as simple as the “liberal” story and the “conservative” story, either: Across social media, multiple competing narratives emerged, even within broad political coalitions. The people obsessively following Louise Mensch would have a different story from those following the New York Times, or, for that matter, Glenn Greenwald — even if all three of those groups voted for Hillary Clinton last year.
These are publications that were shared almost exclusively by Clinton supporters during last year’s election. Includes:
Update: Apple has released the following statement: “Our goal is to deliver the best experience for customers, which includes overall performance and prolonging the life of their devices. Lithium-ion batteries become less capable of supplying peak current demands when in cold conditions, have a low battery charge or as they age over time, which can result in the device unexpectedly shutting down to protect its electronic components.
“Last year we released a feature for iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone SE to smooth out the instantaneous peaks only when needed to prevent the device from unexpectedly shutting down during these conditions. We’ve now extended that feature to iPhone 7 with iOS 11.2, and plan to add support for other products in the future.”
Pedro Ruiz died in June due to complications sustained when his girlfriend, 20-year-old Monalisa Perez, shot him at close range. Ruiz, 22, and Perez were filming a stunt for a YouTube video; Ruiz was holding a hardcover book that the couple believed would be thick enough to stop a bullet from injuring him. Perez was 25 weeks pregnant at the time and charged with manslaughter. Today, the now-mother of two pleaded guilty in Minnesota for Ruiz’s death.
These are publications that were shared mostly by Clinton supporters, but sometimes also by Trump supporters, during last year’s election. Includes:
These are publications that were shared mostly by Trump supporters, but sometimes also by Clinton supporters, during last year’s election. Includes:
These are publications that were shared almost exclusively by Trump supporters during last year’s election. Includes:
Perez’s plea agreement, the Star Tribune reports, dictates that she can’t make any money off of the video of Ruiz’s death, and she is permanently banned from owning a gun. She’ll serve six months in jail in installments of 30 days per year over the next three years. After that, she’ll be eligible — assuming she follows the terms of her ten-year probation — to serve the remaining 90 days of her sentence under home surveillance.
At the time of the shooting, Perez’s YouTube channel had just over 300 followers and was focused on showing “the real life of a young couple who happen to be teen parents.” There have been no new videos added to the channel since June. Perez also has not tweeted since late June. Her final tweet says she and Ruiz were about to attempt “one of the most dangerous videos ever” and that it wasn’t her idea.
Having constructed our bubbles, we selected some of the biggest Russia stories of the year — based on the total volume written — and pulled the most-shared Facebook posts and most-shared articles across social media for the weeks those stories broke.
On January 10, BuzzFeed published “the Steele Dossier,” an independently commissioned intelligence report on President Trump’s past relationship with Russia. Among the allegations: that Russian intelligence had a video of the president enticing sex workers to pee on a hotel bed.
In successive reports, McClatchy and the New York Times report that a multiagency working group has been investigating links between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, focusing on intercepted communication between Paul Manafort, Carter Page, Roger Stone, and Russian operatives. A few days later, the Washington Post reported that the FBI had examined Michael Flynn’s calls with the Russian ambassador and found no evidence of wrongdoing.
A day after the Washington Post reports that Michael Flynn, Trump’s national security adviser, had lied to Vice-President Pence about discussions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak, Flynn resigns. That same day — unbeknownst to most of us — Trump calls FBI Director James Comey into the Oval Office and suggests “letting this thing go” because Flynn is a “good guy.”
If you only got your news from this bubble: You’d think that the most important investigation this week was the New York Times’ public editor’s look into the paper’s decision not to publish what it knew about the Steele dossier back in October. While the news of the interagency working group trickled into this bubble through Rachel Maddow and Bill Moyers, the biggest story in this bubble was Occupy Democrats’ over-the-top castigation of the Times, an excellent example of the running theme — in this bubble, at least — that the media had handed the election to Trump through its under-coverage of the Russia story.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You were well-informed about the ongoing investigation into Trump-campaign operatives. Publications shared among this audience focused on news of the investigation, including both the more-damning stories about the investigation itself and the somewhat exonerating fact that Flynn had been cleared by the FBI — though, notably, stories about the former were consistently more widely shared than stories from the same publications about the latter.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You got the sense that the investigation was widespread, serious, and could possibly reveal that Russian involvement affected the election. McClatchy reported that six law-enforcement and intelligence agencies had been conducting an investigation into the Trump team’s ties with Russia for months, including the possibility that Kremlin-funded hackers actually benefited Trump’s campaign.
If you only got your news from this bubble: Your main takeaway was that Flynn didn’t do anything wrong. A few days after The Wall Street Journal reported that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was a particular person of interest in the investigation, the Washington Post reported that the FBI had actually reviewed Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador and found no evidence of wrongdoing. Right-leaning publications used this to undermine the credibility of previous reporting and the seriousness of the investigation.
The Washington Post reports that the Attorney General met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, twice during the campaign — despite the fact that he’d told senators during his confirmation hearing that he “did not have communications with the Russians.”
Lucky is a smart bird. Smart enough to figure out that while chirping might not get his owner’s attention, or stop his owner from leaving the house, aping the sound of an Apple ringtone does the trick. A video uploaded to Vimeo by Ben Pluimer, a friend of Lucky’s owner, shows the bird chirping out the tune. Plumier notes that Lucky often does this when his owner laces his shoes to go out, and demonstrates this by picking up a lace in front of the bird, who immediately begins singing. Which seems maybe a little mean, but also proves a point.
Lucky for Lucky, his owner is somebody who doesn’t live their life with their phone ringer off. Otherwise, this bit would never work.
After that whole fake news definitely played a big ol’ role in the 2o16 election outcome thing, Facebook announced that it would be doing something to combat the spread of bogus stories. A year ago, the company started asking users to report fake news stories, which Facebook, through a partnership with organizations from Poynter’s International Fact-Checking Network, like Snopes and ABC News, would deem real or not. If it were the latter, the story would be — hypothetically — labeled with a “disputed” flag and potentially dinged in Facebook’s News Feed algorithm to stop its spread. Today, Facebook announced that it is doing away with that plan, and will instead show users “related articles” from more trustworthy sources.
ProPublica has had an excellent series detailing flaws in Facebook’s advertising system, which has allowed for real-estate advertising that discriminated on the basis of race, gender, and disability, a violation of federal law. It also accepted ads targeted at “Jew-haters.”
ProPublica’s latest piece on Facebook’s targeted advertising, produced in conjunction with the New York Times, claims that Facebook allows ads that discriminate against older workers on its platform because it allows potential employers to target ads toward a certain range of ages. And this time, Facebook isn’t chastened.
Each article has been met with a chastened response from Facebook, admitting that there are flaws in its advertising system and promising to fix them.
This ultimately won’t just be a case fought in the court of public opinion; it will play out in actual court as well. The Communications Workers of America filed a class-action lawsuit on Wednesday that seeks to represent its members and all Facebook users over the age of 40.
ProPublica’s report acknowledges that targeting certain demographics with employment ads happens in more traditional forms of media, including placing ads that skew younger: “Several companies argued that targeted recruiting on Facebook was comparable to advertising opportunities in publications like the AARP magazine or Teen Vogue, which are aimed at particular age groups. But this obscures an important distinction. Anyone can buy Teen Vogue and see an ad. Online, however, people outside the targeted age groups can be excluded in ways they will never learn about.”
The lawsuit will likely hinge on what role Facebook plays in employment. Facebook has seen success in pitching itself as a place for companies to find potential employees. But unlike the Fair Housing Act, which can hold publishers responsible for ads that discriminate based on race, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act is aimed at advertising firms and recruiters who discriminate on the basis of age when seeking to fill jobs. For its lawsuit to continue, the Communications Workers of America will need to prove that Facebook serves as an employment agency.
The bigger issue, however, is going to continue to dog Facebook. It has created an incredibly easy and efficient method for advertisers to place ads very precisely against narrow bands of its 2 billion users. Abuses will continue to occur in the margins, even with Facebook doubling the size of its moderation team in 2018. It can scramble to automate its way around statutes it may be violating in the various countries where it operates, but the issue will still remain: A social network with 2 billion users is something we haven’t seen before, and no one — including Facebook — is quite sure what exactly that means.
In a blog post titled “This Time, ProPublica, We Disagree,” Rob Goldman, vice-president of ads at Facebook, pushes back against charges that it discriminates on the basis of age:
An internal email leaked in October showed that Facebook’s disputed tags — though four out of four Select All staffers never saw a single tag in the wild — worked … but only after 72 hours. Which was plenty of time for fake news to spread far and wide. Plus, as Facebook points out in its blog post — and we noted a year ago — the disputed flags only served to make people who already believed that a piece of fake news was real believe so even more strongly. “Academic research on correcting misinformation has shown that putting a strong image, like a red flag, next to an article may actually entrench deeply held beliefs — the opposite effect to what we intended,” writes Facebook product manager Tessa Lyons. “Indeed, we’ve found that when we show Related Articles next to a false news story, it leads to fewer shares than when the Disputed Flag is shown.”
In a separate post on Medium, three Facebook employees laid out several of their findings from Facebook’s year using disputed flags. Among the problems were the number of clicks required for a user to actually find out what was disputed about a given story and the number of fact checkers required to label a story as such. The disputed tag could only be applied to stories that were entirely false, which meant that stories with portions that were incorrect couldn’t be dinged. Instead, the three employees hope that Facebook’s new plan to show related articles will be more effective. “Academic research supports the idea that directly surfacing related stories to correct a post containing misinformation can significantly reduce misperceptions,” the trio writes. We’ll see.
In a series of early Saturday-morning tweets, Trump accuses Obama of wiretapping his phone just before the election and calls him a “bad (or sick) guy.” James Comey then asks the Justice Department to publicly refute Trump’s claim, setting the stage for their impending battle. On Sunday, Trump follows up with another tweet demanding Congress to investigate his claims.
On March 20, James Comey — still the director of the FBI — testifies to Congress about his agency’s investigation into Russian interference into the 2016 election. A few days later, Trump asks the director of National Intelligence and the head of the NSA to deny evidence that his campaign colluded with Russia; both men decline and later testify about the request. Representative Devin Nunes, who has been making a fool of himself all week, cancels testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
A few days after the Times reports on an undisclosed meeting between Jared Kushner and a Russian banker, the Journal writes that Michael Flynn is willing to testify before congressional intelligence committees in exchange for immunity. That same day, Trump calls James Comey and asks him to “lift the cloud” of the Russia investigation, later tweeting that it’s a “witch hunt.”
Assistant Attorney General Rod Rosenstein drafts a letter giving Trump a pretext to fire the FBI director, which the president promptly does — though a few days later, it’s reported that Trump, not Rosenstein, was the real cause of the dismissal. Also, at some point in this week, Sean Spicer gives an interview from some bushes, and Trump reveals classified information to the Russian ambassador in a meeting in which the president also calls Comey a “nut job.”
Rod Rosenstein names former FBI director Robert Mueller special counsel in the FBI’s investigation. Trump complains: “With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!” The Post reports that the investigation has identified Jared Kushner as a person of interest, and that Kushner had request a secret back channel with Ambassador Kislyak.
Comey, no longer director of the FBI, testifies in front of Congress about meetings in which Trump asked him to “let Flynn go.” Trump, in quick succession, claims to have been “vindicated,” accuses Comey of lying, and returns to his forte: complaining that Hillary Clinton has not been adequately investigated. On June 13, Jeff Sessions testifies to the Senate Intelligence Committee about his previously undisclosed meeting with Ambassador Kislyak, which he says he doesn’t remember.
The Times reports that during the 2016 campaign, Donald Trump Jr. was sent an email — from an English music publicist, naturally — offering “documents and information that would incriminate Hillary” as “part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump.” Don Junior’s immediately iconic response: “If it’s what you say I love it.”
Somebody, anybody, please go help Sean Hannity. He is clearly a little confused today. Earlier on Thursday, the Fox News host tweeted at “fake news CNN” linking to a story about Attorney General Jeff Sessions seeking more info from the FBI on the Uranium One deal. He also tagged “conspiracy tv” NBC News, telling the organization to “read and learn.” Except chances are good that they already had. Since, well, the link he shared came from NBC News.
In an overall bad week for Jeff Sessions, President Trump tells the New York Times that he would not have picked Sessions if he’d known the Attorney General would recuse himself from the Russia investigation, and the Post then reports that Sessions — despite his claims to the contrary — had discussed campaign matters with Ambassador Kislyak. Meanwhile, Mueller’s investigation wore on, turning to Trump businesses as the president attempted to block him.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in the Russia investigation as other details of the probe are revealed — among them that Mueller is looking closely at Michael Flynn’s ties to Turkey and at Trump’s own businesses. The Post later reports that Paul Manafort’s home had been raided by the FBI in July.
Hannity’s ratio — the number of replies to a tweet compared to the number of faves and retweets — is, unsurprisingly, not great. Everybody and their mother — and Select All — has been eager to point out the perfect stupidity of his goof.
Robert Mueller announces charges against three of Trump’s former campaign aides. Former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his business associate Rick Gates were indicted on 12 charges, including conspiracy against the United States; and foreign-policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contacts with Russian intermediaries proffering “dirt” on Hillary Clinton.
Julia Ioffe of The Atlantic reported that WikiLeaks had been in contact with Don Jr., mostly through Twitter DMs, as late as July 2017. Of particular importance was that WikiLeaks offered its help, in turn asking Don Jr. to contest the election results if Trump lost, and to arrange for Julian Assange to become Australia’s ambassador to the U.S.
As the New York Times reported, Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and became the first senior White House official to cut a deal with Mueller’s investigation into election interference. Of particular interest were reports that a “very senior member” of the transition team directed Flynn to initiate at least one of those conversations.
One of the biggest controversies in gaming right now is “loot boxes,” purchases made inside of games that deliver randomized rewards that range from cosmetic items that change how a character looks to powerful new items that fundamentally change how a game is played. And there’s no platform that has more successfully used loot boxes than mobile games. Incredibly successful games like Clash Royale or Hearthstone use loot boxes to drive revenue.
Apple quietly rolled out a change to its App Store guidelines on December 20, stating that developers would need to disclose the odds of what a loot box will cough up. Specifically, the new guidelines state:
Of course, knowing the odds and actually using them are two different things entirely. Casino slot machines are mathematically always against the player, and the odds of winning Powerball are 1 in 292 million, but that doesn’t stop either from being tremendously popular.
Loot boxes aren’t a new idea — Magic: The Gathering and old-fashioned baseball cards operate under much the same logic. Have a few key items that are rare or highly valued and combine that with having the rewards come somewhat randomly, and you reproduce the same cycle of irreuflar rewards found in slot machines or scratch-off lotto tickets.
Still, many mobile games (and, increasingly, video games in general) treat their users like rats in a Skinner box, adjusting various stimuli to see how often they can get users to pay again. That many users are also under 18 only adds to the problem. Apple’s regulation is an important first step in taking a look at what, exactly, users are paying for, and what they can expect to get when they roll the dice on a loot box.
This change mirrors regulation that has already happened in countries like China. In early 2017, China’s Ministry of Culture required games with loot boxes to disclose the odds. Apple may simply be anticipating where regulation will end up in a year or two — Australia appears to be headed toward classifying loot boxes as a form of gambling, and the state of Hawaii is actively looking into it.
Merry almost Christmas. If you celebrate Christmas in the religious Jesus was born under a star to a virgin who laid him in a manger, and then a trio of dudes came to visit with gifts sense of the holiday, may I suggest that you consider rounding up as many dogs as you can find and using them to construct your nativity scene this year. It’s a brilliant idea perfectly executed by some genius, or geniuses, over at Wags to Riches Pet Services in England earlier this month. (A viral tweet with the photo credits the scene to a kennel in Dublin. It’s wrong.)
Just look at those good, wise boys.
Some people just want to watch the world burn. Others would prefer to watch it burn … but in a festive way that also makes some sort of commentary on the consumerist culture of 2017. Lukas and Nikolas Bentel fall into the latter camp. The brothers — Nikolas is an artist and designer in a residency program at the New Museum, and Lukas runs a digital creative studio, Hello Velocity — decided to light some Yeezys on fire, Kanye West’s infamous and pricey sneaker line, à la a Christmas Yule log during a recent trip to visit their parents for the holidays. Consider it a slightly edgier alternative to the Netflix fireplace video that everybody plays in the background at their Christmas parties, because cramming 32 people into a New York apartment isn’t enough to make a room feel hot as hell.
Killing time before the holidays? Why not play a livestreaming, remote-controlled crane game for charity?
Liberty Games, a U.K.-based seller of arcade cabinets and other games you may have played at Chuck E. Cheese, has set up a livestreaming crane game, dubbed Santa Claws. Powered by a Raspberry Pi and a webcam, the game works like this: Depending on which stuffed animal you grab, Liberty Games will donate a certain amount of money to St. Mungo’s, a charity that helps the homeless.
The game works best with Firefox, though you can get it running with Chrome if you change some settings. You’ll likely be in a somewhat long queue to play, so feel free to put the tab in the background and go about your business — you’ll hear a sound when it’s your turn to control the crane. The game is only active through December 22, so head on over to give it a whirl.
In the spirit of the season, Liberty Games has made the crane significantly easier than the ones you may remember losing quarters to from your youth; I watched about 25 people go before I got a turn, and saw many, many winners. (I ended up snagging a stuffed bear, which means £5 will be donated to St. Mungo’s, and I will likely be canonized as a saint myself once I pass away.)
The Bentel brothers wouldn’t tell me exactly what the ratio of real to fake footwear went into the video. “For many, the holidays are all about consumption. This, in someways, is a critique of that consumption, placing that consuming drive straight into this very wholesome holiday tradition,” Lukas said. “You will just have to watch the video to figure out.” “The fake-or-real debate is such a staple of hypebeast culture,” Nikolas added. “I can say that there is at least one [real] pair, but won’t say where, as I’m sure any talk about this will be focused on how fake and/or real every piece is … in the end, I don’t think it matters.” Yeezy Christmas to all, and to all a good night.
Graphics, design and development by Ashley Wu, Terri Neal and Skye Fradd
I would never try to cheat and Google an answer for HQ Trivia. It’s not so much a matter of honor, but the fact that it’s impossible to Google quickly enough, and then read and parse Google results, to get the right answer.
Developer Stephen Cognetta has a Medium post detailing a script he put together that can, he says, win about 70 to 80 percent of HQ Trivia games. It works using a dead-simple combination of a program that scans the question and answer, and Google. (It should be noted that Cognetta did this using YouTube playbacks of HQ games — it would be against the app’s terms of service to do this on a live broadcast.)
More specifically, Cognetta mirrors HQ Trivia to a computer screen, and then uses the Tesseract OCR (or optical character recognition) library to quickly grab the text of the question and answers. Cognetta then uses a combination of three different types of Google queries to find the correct answer.
But for a computer? Not so difficult.
This approach works about 50 percent of the time, but can fall short on questions where much of the information is actually contained in the answers, such as “Which of these home video-game consoles came first?” — with potential answers being “Magnavox Odyssey,” “Fairchild Channel F,” or “Coleco Telstar.” Which leads to the second type of Google query, which is dumping the question into Google and then counting how many times each answer appears on the first page of Google results. The answer that appears most often on the first page of Google results is often the correct answer — though it can be thrown if one of the answers is much more well-known (and therefore appears in Google results more often), even if that answer is also incorrect.
Cognetta’s third query is to run three separate Google queries for the question combined with the answer, and then counting the total search results for each query. The query with the most results is often the correct answer, though the broad popularity of a wrong answer can again throw off results here.
But Cognetta is nothing if not helpful. He offers up ways that HQ Trivia could prevent scripts like the one he has written (and, to my untrained eye, would also stop the other two scripts previously released). The first is just using image-masking techniques to make the questions and answers harder for OCR programs to parse. The second is intentionally using “hard to Google” phrasing in its questions and answers, such as using images for the potential answers. (To be fair, it appears HQ already takes steps to make some of its questions difficult to Google.) The last is simply running a version of Cognetta’s script against potential questions and answers for HQ Trivia, and intentionally creating three or four questions and answers each game that would fool Cognetta’s automated approach, while still being easy enough for a human with a decent knowledge of trivia to answer.
But that three separate people have all come up with ways to cheat at HQ Trivia perhaps points to a bigger issue. Because HQ Trivia offers up real money to winners, there’s a small but real built-in financial incentive for anyone with time on their hands to use approaches like this. And an HQ Trivia app infected with users assisted by bots or scripts would quickly become wildly unfun to play for the rest of us plebes who don’t want to mirror our phones to a computer and run a script every day at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. ET.
Cognetta says that using this script to run all three types of Google searches at once, and then present him with the results for each, allows him to make it through all 12 questions in HQ Trivia about 70 to 80 percent of the time.
Cognetta isn’t the first to work up a way to cheat at HQ Trivia. Developer David Hariri detailed a somewhat similar approach in mid-November that used optical character recognition in combination with Wikipedia. University student Toby Mellor built a script that used a screenshot and then used Google’s Vision API to quickly search for results.
The one saving grace HQ Trivia has: As it’s exploded in popularity, I’ve found that the video stuttering and lag that previously only happened during the intro portion have crept into the questions-and-answers section, meaning that the text of a question (and the ability to input an answer) would only appear in the final few seconds of a question, if at all. While this makes it hard for a human to answer questions, it also stymies a script or bot attempting to scrape the text of the questions and answers. Lag Daddy, you may save us all.
The first is simply dumping the question (e.g. “What is the Epipremnum aureum house plant also known as?”) into a search box, which Cognetta says works about 50 percent of the time. Cognetta is still using a human to input the actual answer, so this relies on the correct answer being at the top of Google and easily readable for someone to be able to still have time to input the answer within the time limit.
But what “Russia” meant, exactly, depended a lot on where you got your news. The “Russia story” that developed throughout the year was likely very different from the “Russia story” as it was understood by your friends, relatives, or co-workers, not just because your politics might be different than theirs but because you might have been encountering different news entirely. To some Democrats, the “Russia Story” was that Donald Trump was a wholesale asset of the Russian government. To others, the “Russia Story” was the F.B.I.’s methodical investigation. And to many Republicans, the “Russia story” was actually a story about the Democrats’ collusion with Russia, not the Trump campaign’s.
We wanted to see how those competing narratives were shaped, week by week, story by story, through 2017 — examining not just broad “liberal” and “conservative” bubbles, but also the different ways highly partisan readers and their less-partisan neighbors might have encountered the story. Would outlets directed toward zealously partisan Democrats frame the story differently than those with readers more evenly distributed along the political spectrum? What about on the other side of the fence?
To re-create approximate social-media “bubbles,” we used “partisanship scores,” developed by Harvard’s Berkman Klein Center. Rather than attempt to arbitrarily measure the slant of a given publication’s editorial line, these scores gauge the partisanship of its audience, by measuring how frequently its stories were shared by Clinton or Trump supporters during the 2016 election. For our purposes, outlets shared vastly more often by Clinton supporters than Trump supporters are categorized as “Highly Democratic”; outlets where the ratio was closer but still weighted toward Clinton were labeled “Mostly Democratic”; and so on. These reconstructed bubbles aren’t a perfect representation of how people encountered their news, but the partisanship scores allow us to focus on publications’ actual audience — the real citizens of the bubble — rather than our perceptions of their politics.
When you look through the year story by story, filtered by audience partisanship, narratives and strategies begin to come into focus. Most obvious is the difference between the highly Republican bubble and the others: Week after week, the most-shared and read stories weren’t about Donald Trump, but about Democrats, and their relationships to Russia. In fact, it was hard to find a positive defense of the Trump campaign’s actions even among the president’s most fervently loyal outlets; the narrative that developed through the year was not one of an innocent Trump but of guilty — and hypocritical — Democrats, many of whom had, like Trump or his aides, met with the Russian ambassador or been invested in Russian businesses.
On the Democratic side of the partisanship spectrum, other patterns emerged. Highly Democratic audiences preferred dramatic packaging and stirring appeals to the more cautious, news-focused stories that dominated the “Mostly Democratic” bubble. A reader of heavily partisan sites like Occupy Democrats or the Palmer Report lived through a year of near weekly crisis, in which a new development was always going to crack the case wide open, or the president was always on the precipice of impeachment. A reader that tended toward publications with more bipartisan audiences didn’t have, exactly, a relaxed year — but it was certainly less sensational.
And what about the “Mostly Republican” audiences? As the Berkman Klein study that first used these partisanship scores puts it, the center-right is “the least populated and least influential portion of the media spectrum”; very few outlets — and even fewer popular ones — can be categorized as even moderately center-right. Of the publications that can be counted as having “Slightly Republican” audiences, only the Hill drew enough shares to crack the top stories every week, and it was hard to identify a consistent narrative at all.
Below, for each big Russia-related story of the year — from Buzzfeed publishing the “Steele dossier” to the news that Michael Flynn had pled guilty — we’re showing a top Facebook post and providing a list of widely shared stories, as well as our summary of what each bubble was talking about — and what someone stuck inside that bubble might take away from that coverage.
If you’ve been tuned into the world of cryptocurrency in recent weeks, you probably know that the ever-rising values seemed too good to be true. Today’s numbers are something of a reality check; every major cryptocurrency has seen significant losses over the last 24 hours. Bitcoin, as one example, is now valued below $13,000. A far cry from the nearly $20,000 figure it was boasting last week. It marks the cryptocurrency’s largest daily decline of 2017. On Twitter and Reddit, people are reacting as you might expect. Dramatically and with some decent GIFs.
Of course, as any old holder will tell you and has probably already tweeted, this could just be par for the bitcoin course. If you bought at the beginning of this month, you’re still doing fine, just less fine than you were a few weeks ago. Bitcoin rises. Bitcoin falls. Rinse and repeat. Just chew on your nails and hodl — crypto speak for “hold” — to see what it does next. Until then, read some tweets! Peruse Reddit! Go for a run! Or you could, in the spirit of the holidays, give me your bitcoin. I’d be happy to take away your stress.
Maybe it was those stories you heard — Lamborghinis and second mortgages, fortunes made and lost off of something you didn’t even really know existed until six months ago. Maybe it’s those eye-popping charts you keep seeing, the ones that go $5,800 per unit to $19,000 per unit in just one month … and the other ones that go in the opposite direction in just one week. Maybe all of your friends are constantly watching their phones, tracking their own investments, celebrating their newfound riches, freaking out about their sudden, sharp losses, and you just hate feeling left out. However you heard about it, it is now clear that this is at least something you should know about — whether to invest, or just to inform your Schadenfreude. The problem is, well, what … is a bitcoin, exactly? Secretly, you know you don’t understand the thing, even though you may pretend to. Isn’t it mostly for buying drugs? Where would I even buy one? Why would I want to? And isn’t it already too late to be asking these questions, let alone actually investing in it?
All right. Seriously. Remind me what a bitcoin is?A bitcoin is one unit of an anonymous digital currency called, yes, bitcoin.
I mean, will its price keep rising?That depends. Unlike most regular currencies, whose purchasing power declines over time, bitcoin was designed to be deflationary: There are a limited number of total bitcoins, and new ones are added to the market slowly. What drives the price up is if more and more people show up hoping to buy the existing coins, thereby bidding up their value. But that’s a big if — if bitcoins never reach widespread adoption, or if they’re too difficult to convert into more usable cash, their value will go down.
Wait: Is bitcoin … real?No, but then again, neither is the dollar.
I’m already lost. Why would anyone buy a bitcoin?For the same reason you’d buy anything: Because you think a bitcoin is worth something. And there are a few different reasons to think it is. Maybe what’s valuable to you is bitcoin’s anonymity: A lot of people really like operating anonymously on the internet. Plus, if you want to move your money out of an economically or politically unstable country without being hit with taxes or currency controls, converting your fortune to bitcoin might help. Or maybe what’s valuable to you is bitcoin’s whole philosophy — you believe it will someday be widely adopted as a day-to-day currency, and you want to buy in early. But those are the reasons people originally got into bitcoin — the true-believer stage. Now people are getting in because they think they can make money — the investment stage. In that case, what’s valuable is, well, the fact that everyone else is buying bitcoin and you think its price will keep rising.
So bitcoin is a currency and a commodity?Something like that. Fundamentally, bitcoin is a secure system for storing and exchanging money anonymously on the internet. In some contexts, it works like untraceable money (for, say, buying drugs on the dark net); in others, it works like a safety-deposit box without a bank (like when it’s used to store money away from the prying eyes of governments); in still others, it’s a tradable financial asset like a stock or bond (you could use bitcoin to become a millionaire). But each of these metaphors has limitations, too. Unlike most currencies, bitcoin is not supervised or endorsed by any government; it has incredible price volatility, which makes transactions complicated and undermines the safety-deposit-box approach; and, unlike the stock market, where valuations are based at least theoretically on expectations of future company value, there is no “fundamental” basis of speculative value for bitcoin.
But the dollar is backed by the U.S. government.Who needs a central government when you’ve got an unhackable, unfoolable currency?
Who would create something like this? And, honestly, why?For years, hacker-types have been trying to create a digital currency that can be used reliably without the need for a government or central bank. (Because, you know, Big Brother and all of that.) In 2008, a pseudonymous programmer called Satoshi Nakamoto apparently solved the problem with bitcoin, a system that seemed to secure financial transactions outside the authority of a central bank. It distributed the task of verifying transactions across a whole network of computers.
That was Satoshi’s big innovation?Yes: to secure transactions without the oversight of the government. If you send bitcoin to someone, your transaction is added to a record of every transaction across the entire network, from the very first bitcoin onward — essentially, a long bank ledger that everyone in the bitcoin network has a copy of. This record is called the “blockchain,” and, thanks to some neat cryptographic work, it is nearly impossible to forge, fool, or tamper with. Which all makes cryptocurrency look, suddenly, like a safe way to conduct business.
Could I mine my own?Yes, theoretically, but unless you live next to a power plant and own an airplane hangar’s worth of computers, it’s probably impossible. Creating a block requires a lot of computing power — in part to ensure that it would be too energy-intensive and expensive to sabotage the blockchain with false transactions, and in part to keep bitcoin scarce. And while that works great for bitcoin, it’s less impressive for the rest of the world: One hotly disputed estimate holds that bitcoin mining currently uses as much energy as all of Denmark. You’re probably better off just buying from someone who already owns some, on one of many exchanges.
Okay. So where does a bitcoin come from, if there’s no government and no mint?At all hours of the day, all over the network, computers (called miners) race to package recent transactions on the network into an unfakeable unit (called a block) of the blockchain. Blocks are created every ten minutes or so; this is the authenticating process, sort of like when a credit-card company verifies you have available funds. Essentially, miners are doing the work of encrypting transactions. For what reward? The first miner to create a verified block — one that follows the cryptographic rules laid out by Satoshi Nakamoto — is rewarded with a certain number of bitcoins.
So how do I buy bitcoin? If an ATM seems ridiculous, go to the app store and download the bitcoin-trading app Coinbase. It’s the favorite for newcomers looking to pocket their first bitcoin; it has a clean interface and a polite, patient tone escorting you along “the easiest on-ramp to the bitcoin world.” Sign up, connect your bank account or debit card, and scroll to the bottom of the page, where a button beckons: buy bitcoin now. Debit- and credit-card users can front up to $750, the weekly purchase limit.
Before, you said “crypto-currency” — don’t you just mean bitcoin?Actually, no. With Satoshi’s blessing, bitcoin’s basic decentralized, anonymous structure was pretty quickly adopted and used by other digital currencies, which tend to get lumped together into the cool-sounding grouping “crypto,” as in, “My yoga instructor made millions in crypto.”
Where else might a yoga instructor invest?The most famous cryptocurrency besides bitcoin might be Ether, which is intended less as a currency than as a platform for decentralized, algorithmically executed “smart contracts” — but is still traded like a currency. Then there’s Litecoin, which attempts to be bitcoin’s more efficient cousin. And if you feel like those cryptocurrencies are lacking a certain je ne sais quoi — like, say, a cute mascot — you might invest in Dogecoin, a Shiba Inu–themed coin started as a joke in 2013 that now has a market capitalization of over $700 million.
Can I trust Coinbase?You can trust Coinbase as much as you can trust anything in the cryptocurrency trading space, which is … not much. In December, Coinbase announced it would investigate its employees for “insider trading” — but good luck regulating “insider trading” among cryptocurrencies.
How can I check my bitcoin account? I mean, I guess, my address?Most people use a “wallet,” a piece of software or hardware that makes it easy to keep track of your bitcoin. One of the most popular software wallets is Exodus, which offers “normal people” access to cryptopia. You can transfer bitcoin from your Coinbase account to your Exodus wallet easily, though know that while cryptos held behind your Exodus fortress are much more secure than those stored in internet-based Coinbase, savvy hackers still break in on a regular basis. If you’re feeling especially paranoid, reduce your chances of getting hacked with a “cold wallet,” hardware that stores crypto offline, such as Trezor and Ledger Nano S. You insert it into a USB port, move your bitcoin from your Coinbase address to the address provided with the new cold wallet, and unplug it from your computer.
Now that I’ve bought my bitcoins, where … are they? Can I even ask that?Bitcoins are, obviously, not physical, so it’s not like they’re filling up a vault or someone’s mattress. Basically, bitcoins reside at “addresses” — long strings of letters and numbers — and the blockchain (which, remember, is distributed in full across the network) says how many bitcoins are at each address. In order to move bitcoins from one address to another — to pay someone, say — you need to use your address’s corresponding private key, which is a lengthy, complicated password you’re given when you open a new address using your choice of software. Don’t forget it! You might end up like Mark Frauenfelder, who wrote in Wired about resorting to a hypnotherapist to remember how to access an address where he’d stored $30,000 worth of bitcoins.
What if I don’t want to bother with any of that?If you have an IRA or 401(k) account with brokers such as Charles Schwab, TD Ameritrade, Fidelity, or E-Trade, you can gain exposure to crypto’s price volatility without owning a single shard of crypto by buying shares in the Bitcoin Investment Trust (symbol: GBTC), managed by Grayscale Investments, an investment management firm that deals exclusively in crypto. For the rough equivalent of one bitcoin’s worth of exposure, buy ten shares.
How can I keep from getting scammed, hacked, or ripped off?Some very smart people might tell you that the best way to avoid a crypto scam is to invest your money elsewhere, like in a diverse portfolio of low-fee stock-market index funds, say. But who wants to listen to them? The best way to avoid a scam, properly speaking, is to keep your money in the best-known cryptocurrencies (like bitcoin) and use the biggest exchanges (like Coinbase) — but that’s not a guarantee you won’t lose your money if the market crashes. Otherwise, make sure you do your research on what you’re investing in, especially by reading any announcements and white papers for ICOs.
Whoa, my bitcoin went up 20 percent. How can I cash out?Had enough of the roller coaster, huh? If you want to cash a small amount — three figures, say — in an exchange like Coinbase, it’s easy to use the app to sell and cash out to an attached bank or PayPal account. (It may take a few days to clear.) But for all its secrecy and anonymity, bitcoin is not really a take-the-money-and-run kind of investment. In the four figures and above, you’re likely to start running up against weekly transaction limits, established by exchanges to keep the markets relatively stable. If you’re looking to dump actual bitcoin millions all at once, your only option might be a site like LocalBitcoins, which helps connect buyers with sellers IRL. (Bring a bodyguard.) Well: That, or buy a lot of drugs on the dark net.
I probably should have asked this before, but are cryptocurrencies … legal?In the U.S., yes: Buying, selling, trading, and holding cryptocurrencies is legal in G7 countries, provided you pay your taxes. To track the evolving legal landscape, go to bitlegal.io.
Wait, what’s an ICO?An ICO is either a hip, sexy new way for entrepreneurs to bypass VCs and raise money from the people, or it’s the biggest opportunity for internet scammers in years. Maybe it’s both! ICO stands for “initial coin offering,” and at its core, it’s a fund-raising drive, almost like a Kickstarter. People financially back a project — usually a business, like a cloud-storage network called Filecoin — by buying “tokens” (essentially in-house cryptocurrency) that can generally be exchanged for the goods that will eventually be offered by the project. In the case of Filecoin, for example, you can exchange your filecoins for storage — or you can sell them on a cryptocurrency exchange, like you might bitcoin. (This has been compared to raising money for an airline by selling frequent-flier miles.) If that sounds financially risky — and legally dubious — that’s because it is. A number of ICOs are scams, such as the Diamond Reserve Club, which falsely claimed to be backed by real diamonds. Participants are increasingly getting calls from the SEC, which began filing ICO fraud charges this year.
I have to pay taxes on my computer money?Cryptocurrencies are assets, according to the IRS and SEC. Crypto is neither a foreign nor domestic currency, no matter how you use it (in America, at least). Come tax season, your bitcoin earnings will be subject to taxation. In its 2014 notice, the IRS confirmed that underreporting or failure to report cryptocurrency-derived gains would be subject to penalties. So every time you use crypto, you might trigger a gain or a loss.
So … should I buy bitcoin or not?In the spirit of Satoshi Nakamoto, here’s an algorithm: Rate your appetite for risk on a scale of zero (lily-livered) to five (iron-stomached). Rate your FOMO on a scale of zero (comatose) to five (desperate to belong). Multiply those two numbers together, and then multiply the product by your salary, minus the amount of debt you’re in. Divide that figure by 10,000, and invest that much money in bitcoin. So you make $75,000, have a low tolerance for risk (one), but a high fear of missing out (five)? Invest $37.50 and not a penny more. You never know!
Is this the kind of thing that’s going to blow up the real economy?If the bubble explodes, the U.S. economy as a whole is probably okay — not enough people have put money into cryptocurrency markets for a crash to make a huge dent. But some bitcoin skeptics have warned that new futures markets might eventually introduce systemic risks, and it’s not exactly comforting to see CNBC headlines like “People Are Taking Out Mortgages to Buy Bitcoin, Says Securities Regulator.”
But … it’s a bubble, isn’t it?On some level, bubble is a confusing term for bitcoin: If there is no fundamental value to compare the price to, who’s to say it’s too high? But, no, yeah, it’s probably a bubble. I mean, did you see what happened in December?
Hang on: “anonymous … digital … currency”?That’s what it was built to be, at least — a theoretically untraceable and unhackable version of PayPal, more or less. But so many people got so excited about buying into the system that a market developed around buying and selling it — with bitcoin becoming less important as a currency than as a commodity, like gold. You can still buy things in bitcoin (like you can with gold, sort of), but many more people are now using it as an investment vehicle.
*A version of this article appears in the December 25, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
Citizen journalist Mike Cernovich, one of the best sources for unhinged accusations of pedophilia, learning about his book Gorilla Mindset, and relentless self-promotion of Mike Cernovich, decided to do an Ask Me Anything on Reddit. And it’s going about as well as you’d expect.
There are many, many questions poking fun at Gorilla Mindset, Cernovich’s book that promises to teach you how to “live a life others don’t even dare dream of.”
There are several questions about Cernovich’s extremely sketchy past, which includes a post titled “When in Doubt, Whip It Out,” which advocated men exposing themselves to women in cars, claiming “date rape doesn’t exist,” and (by his own admission) being accused of rape in 2003.
For true masochists who want the full Mike Cernovich experience, you can watch this livestream of Cernovich as he answered questions, which mainly consisted of his wife helping find questions that weren’t people roasting him to answer, and then getting so worked up he started hooting and hollering and waking up his young infant. It’s the true Gorilla Mindset in action.
There was the very good question of why he was even doing an Ask Me Anything:
There’s a question about his attempt to expose Chuck Schumer, which possibly included working with disgraced journalist Charles C. Johnson to shop around a forged document that accused Schumer of sexual harassment, while also burning Cernovich for living at his wife’s parents’ house:
There was also a seemingly sincere question that allowed Cernovich to assert that there are “biological” differences — a “fundamental, DNA level” — between those on the right and left:
And there were questions that managed to touch on nearly all of these topics:
This seems pretty risky.Well, yeah. And even setting aside the long-term case for bitcoin, in the short and medium term the currency is terrifyingly volatile. On paper, 2017 was very good to bitcoin — this time last year, one bitcoin was worth about $900; it’s now worth about 15 times that — but also very stressful to bitcoin investors. Within one week in December, Bitcoin hit a high above $19,000, dropped to as low as $10,400, and then climbed back up above $15,000 24 hours later.
It’s easy to forget, amid skyrocketing values, that the anonymous digital currency bitcoin was created to function as, well, a currency. Unfortunately for people who’d like to pay for (or sell) their bacon-egg-and-cheeses in cold, hard bitcoin, the currency faces some adoption problems. For one thing: Over the last year, bitcoin has increased in value 15-fold, which means a three-dollar bagel you bought with bitcoin last December would have become $45 in your bitcoin wallet if you’d left it alone.
Sim is optimistic about the cryptocurrency’s future, and said that he still holds out hope for bitcoin as a mass-consumer payment method. But beyond a few transactions at his family’s businesses in recent months — the first in several years — the recent media attention bitcoin has received hasn’t translated into more bitcoin-funded manicures. After the initial interest in paying with bitcoin waned a few years ago, the QR codes originally used for the transactions are nowhere to be found in the stores Sim and his family operate. Now, when the rare customer paying with bitcoin comes in, an employee at one of the stores will give Sim’s number to the customer, and they’ll complete the transaction over text.
An employee at G-Line Deli, a corner store at Nostrand and Lafayette Avenues in Brooklyn, said the store has had the machine for about a year, and has been seeing more and more users come in the last few months. James Jackson, of Bedford-Stuyvesant, was busy turning $10 into bitcoin on a recent weekday at the ATM inside the G-Line Deli. Jackson, 21, said he had heard about bitcoin over the summer when its skyrocketing valuation began to gain media attention, and saw it as a quick way to invest his spare cash, buying incrementally and trying to hit the ATM at least once a week.
Even if bodega transactions aren’t threatened by bitcoin’s ascendance, the digital currency still has a major footprint in New York’s groceries and corner stores. New York City is dotted with bitcoin ATMs, where users can put in cash and load up their wallets with fractions of bitcoin. The machines make it easy for casual users to turn cash into bitcoin, and are often found in bodegas, along with one conveniently located in the South Street terminal where the Staten Island Ferry docks.
“It’s basically like stock for me,” Jackson said, as he waved his wallet’s scan code in the machine’s sensor, prompting the display to bring up his account. “A lot of people I know are using these machines to buy bitcoin now that the stock is so high.”
Melt Bakery, 132 Orchard St., LES, ManhattanJulian Plyter, owner of Melt Bakery, estimates that he’s made a grand total of about 75 bitcoin transactions since introducing it in 2014, but he said there’s been an uptick in the recent weeks as bitcoin speculation reached a fever pitch in the news.
The Montessori Schools, 5 W. 22nd St. and 75 Sullivan St., Flatiron and Soho ManhattanThese two Manhattan Montessori schools started accepting bitcoin in June, after several parents asked co-founder and chairman Marco Ciocca about using it to pay tuition — which runs about $30,950 for full-day students.
La Sirène, 416 Amsterdam Ave., UWS, and 558 Broome St., Soho“The chef is extremely passionate about bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general, so he’s really trying to have everyone around him acquainted with it and convince everyone it’s a very promising method of payment,” said Benjamin Cosso, the restaurant’s general manager, who estimated that they get about two customers a week shelling out for a meal with bitcoin. In addition to bitcoin, La Sirène also accepts Ethereum, Dash, and Eos, among others. But leave your Visa and Mastercard at home: La Sirène does not accept such plebeian payment methods, according to the West Side Rag, a local newspaper covering the neighborhood.
Beagle & Potts Woodworking, 465 Baltic St., Boerum Hill BrooklynIf you cash out of bitcoin and need a place to store your loot, might we suggest cabinets from this bitcoin-accepting Boerum Hill store? Owner Rob Pettit began getting interested in bitcoin-investing in 2012, doing a handful of projects for customers paying in bitcoin, and said he gives a discount to clients looking to pay in bitcoin rather than with traditional payment methods. “I figured there had to be people in NYC who had made a lot of money off bitcoin, or had a lot of coin and needed a way to spend it, and I wanted to offer my services to those people,” he said in an email.
Piccola Venezia, 42-01 28th St., Astoria, QueensThis Northern Italian spot in Astoria apparently accepts bitcoin at the initiative of some younger employees.
Sim, who has been interested in — and invested in — bitcoin since he heard about it in 2009, said that he got a flurry of interest when he first instituted bitcoin payments, with about 50 to 100 transactions per week, but that it tapered off after the initial burst of publicity. (For reference, over the course of 2013, the price of one bitcoin rose from around $10 to around $1,000.)
“Nobody is really selling bitcoin right now while its value is so high,” says Daniel Sim, the owner of Lean Crust Pizza. Sim started accepting bitcoin at his Fort Greene pizzeria in 2013, along with a host of cafés and grocery stores in Brooklyn and Queens owned by his parents. Sim’s interest in using cryptocurrency as a payment method has turned Fort Greene into the nascent bitcoin capital of New York, with six restaurants, groceries, and a nail salon — Lean Crust, Greene Ave. Market, Fresh Garden, Greene-Ville Garden, Kinjo, and Mirai Wellness Spa — clustered in the neighborhood.
It’s a lazy Sunday morning away from my family, I’m sitting in a hotel room in Montreal, and I’ve got $160,000 in my pocket. Or, rather, my “pocket.”
I’m staying in the neighborhood known locally as the McGill Ghetto, thanks to its proximity to the city’s famous university. My room is large — with a kitchen and living area — but not fancy.
The money is tied up in cryptocurrency — and I’m not ready to cash out.
With a few mouse clicks, I could liquidate my positions and transfer the proceeds (minus fees) into my bank account overnight. After paying capital gains tax, I’d have six figures in legally earned legal tender.
But here’s the rub: Twenty-four hours earlier, my portfolio was worth less than $80,000. Overnight, one particular cryptocurrency — a low-cap privacy coin called Verge — caught fire with the Asian markets. By the same time tomorrow, that $80,000 might evaporate. Or it may double again.
The reality is far less romantic. For every 1,000-times windfall, thousands more investments have gone south, wiping out trading accounts and nest eggs. As a bitcoin enthusiast since 2013 and casual crypto trader since 2015, I’ve had my share of euphoric wins and heart-crushing losses.
Welcome to the wild world of cryptocurrency, an impossibly young global financial market that runs 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Especially in recent months, the media has become feverish over bitcoin, ethereum, and Initial Coin Offerings, as breathless reporters publish stories of college seniors turned millionaires thanks to tiny investments made during their freshman years.
But I’m also a grown man with a family — I don’t Google sports cars when I’m ahead; my dreams involve 529 plans and down payments.
And yet, I’m just as susceptible to wide-eyed greed. Sitting in my hotel room in Montreal, I could have cashed out at $160,000, pocketing enough to cross “college funds” off my to-do list. I could have cashed out, returned to Brooklyn with the better part of a down payment in hand. Instead, I told myself, that half-penny coin has more room to run.
That’s not how this story ends, of course. It’s true that a well-placed $3,000 can become $160,000 seemingly overnight. But, as many are learning the hard way, every crypto investment can just as easily evaporate in the time it takes to hit “refresh.”
Bitcoin was created in 2009 by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, by all accounts a pioneering genius in the field of computational cryptography. His invention was meant to be used as an unhackable, untraceable currency operating beyond government oversight. Though bitcoin tickled the dreams of many technolibertarians who’d long wanted the internet to function as a utopian digital space, it’s another of Nakamoto’s innovations that gave rise to the cryptocurrency revolution: encrypted, decentralized networking.
Within a few years of its launch in 2009, bitcoin became less important as a currency than as a commodity, not unlike gold. You can still buy things with bitcoin (and gold, too, for that matter, sort of), but it’s become an investment vehicle for most buyers. Why invest in a virtual currency with no “real” value? Because $2 spent on bitcoin in December 2011 is today worth more than $18,000 — and many believe that bitcoin’s highest prices are yet to come.
The particular way that Nakamoto achieved that is a little complicated, but put as simply as possible, bitcoin runs on a network with no central server. Rather, it’s a network of computers, called miners, that work both collaboratively and competitively. Before any bitcoin transaction is made, it must be validated and confirmed by a consensus of these computers. This decentralization was bitcoin’s true innovation. It’s given rise not only to 1,300 bitcoin clones and descendants, but an entirely new industrial sector known as blockchain technology.
At the same time, the clones, knockoffs, and descendants arrived.
Because bitcoin is open-source, anyone can copy, modify, and redeploy its source code for their own purposes. That’s precisely what happened, starting with the introduction of Namecoin ($NMC), a bitcoin offshoot, in 2011. Since then, more than 1,300 new cryptocurrencies have been launched; most, but not all, are traded freely on various cryptocurrency exchange platforms.
At a glance, crypto most closely resembles foreign currency trading, and cryptocurrency pairs are bought and sold using dashboards that would be familiar to any E-Trade user. When you trade BTC-ETC, for example, you’re buying and selling ethereum against bitcoin. Non-BTC pairs exist — ethereum-monero, reddcoin-doge — but most traders prefer to trade against BTC, measuring their returns in bitcoin until it’s time to cash out and convert to dollars, euros, renminbi, won, or yen.
In theory, every coin and token has its own raison d’être. For example, no fewer than five cryptocurrencies ($POT, $THC, $CANN, $CCN, and $CNNC) are competing to fix the legal cannabis industry’s banking problems; pinkcoin ($PINK) wants to become a ubiquitous micro-tipping service for nonprofits; foldingcoin ($FLDC) rewards participants in Stanford University’s Folding@home disease-research project. We also have two Trump coins ($TRUMP, $PRES), one Putin coin ($PUT), and dozens more that are too racist or vulgar to bother mentioning.
They are known as “altcoins” — or, alternatives to bitcoin. Some, like ethereum ($ETH), are fast becoming household names; others are more obscure, known only in cryptocurrency circles, with names like Siberian chervonets ($SIB), florincoin ($FLO), and augur ($REP). Despite not having any physical value, these altcoins are easily converted into real money; buying them is legal in most countries, including the U.S.
Consider my Verge position, for example. Sometime in 2016, I noticed an unusual amount of Twitter chatter about $XVG, its trading symbol. I spent an hour researching Verge — it was formerly known as DogecoinDark; it had recently rebranded and relaunched under the new ticker symbol; its primary purpose was facilitating anonymous transactions.
But crypto actually moves more like the stock market — a completely unregulated stock market. Prices bounce wildly with rumors and announcements; insider tips are exchanged in private chat groups; pump-and-dumps are organized by whales at the expense of naïve newcomers. For day traders, keeping up with the news can quickly become a full-time job.
I happen to believe that there’s a strong future for privacy-oriented cryptocurrencies, so I became more interested in Verge. One of many “low-cap coins,” it was very cheap at the time: For $530, I bought 5 million. When the price dipped two weeks later, I bought another 5 million for $300. Over the next few months, Verge would catch the attention of more traders, which led to more Twitter buzz; the price climbed slowly. I bought 6 million more.
Verge is just 1 of 100 trades I’ve made since opening my day-trading account with three bitcoins, then worth about $1,000 apiece. With my eyes wide open to the risks, I started by researching every altcoin listed on the top-100 list by market cap, looking for meaningful price actions. I got into ethereum at $9 (now trading north of $750, though I sold at $300). I flipped modest positions in ripple ($XRP), blackcoin ($BLK), factom ($FCT), and dozens more, scalping most for 10 to 50 percent returns in less than 24 hours. I’ve had losses, of course, but I protect myself with strict stop-loss orders.
But, again, these markets don’t react to fundamentals; they’re driven by publicity and emotion, and they’re prone to manipulation. Speaking again of Verge, I’ve seen skeptics converge on Twitter, crashing the price by 30 percent. But I’ve also ridden dramatic upticks; when tech raconteur John McAfee tweeted his support for Verge and other so-called “privacy coins,” prices climbed 100 percent overnight.
As with the stock market, the trick is identifying tops and bottoms. Buying low and selling high, in other words. This is not easy money.
Once I’d accumulated a few coins, I got to work. There are several dozen cryptocurrency trading platforms; for Americans, the most popular are Poloniex, Kraken, Bitfinex, Bittrex, and Bitstamp. Elsewhere, others serve specific markets; you’ll find most South Koreans on Coinone, for example, while Chinese traders gravitate to Binance.
Confusing things further, it’s a general rule that when bitcoin climbs, altcoins fall. Reason being: Holders of altcoins are famous for cashing out to fiat when bitcoin is rocketing. The converse is also true: When bitcoin crashes, traders and investors seek safety in the altcoin markets.
Not only is crypto trading confusing and intimidating, even measuring one’s profit can be tricky. Even if your BTC-ETC position doesn’t move, for example, bitcoin itself may climb in value — giving you USD gains even if you’ve done nothing. This is fine for traders who move in and out of fiat. Most of the traders I’ve met prefer to stay in bitcoin, taking profits occasionally and prudently.
Very few people have the stomach for $50,000 swings — my wife included. When it comes to investing, she’d rather I took a few smart positions and let them run. After my third roller-coaster ride, I was inclined to agree. To learn how to do this, I needed advice from more experienced traders.
The room was packed with a rainbow coalition of nerds and bros, programmers and entrepreneurs, speculators and true believers. One-quarter of the crowd were newcomers anxious to learn more about this mysterious, new money machine. Everyone was asking, “What’s your favorite coin?” and “What looks good?”
“There was a lot of buzz around cloakcoin ($CLOAK),” Behnke explained, “but it ended up being a pump-and-dump … I lost 95 percent of my initial investment after only a few days.”
Still seeing “great potential in bitcoin and the community,” Behnke licked his wounds and set about rebuilding his portfolio. Today, he makes anywhere between 5 and 50 trades a week, though he no longer day-trades. Instead, he’s focused on ICOs, which are increasingly known as token sales and Token Generation Events, or TGEs.“I’m starting a family and about to be married,” he said. “My goal is early retirement in five years.”
With that, Behnke left and went to work the room on behalf of his new venture, the Token Agency, a marketing company that specializes in token sales and TGEs. Behnke’s start-up is one of many businesses that have sprung up to support the growing cryptocurrency field. Leveraging his knowledge as a veteran trader, Behnke helps other start-ups market and build community around their token offerings. As the saying goes, a gold rush is a good time to be selling shovels.
He’s also what’s known as a “hodler”: a long-term investor. “I do not day-trade and only do research for projects to buy and hold … I am going to hold on to my crypto for a few years and hope for the best.”
Much of Vays’s skepticism stems from “exchange risk.” Even with today’s improved security and stability, Vays remains skeptical that altcoins can mature into legitimate financial products. Just because everyone’s making money, he said, that doesn’t mean that the markets are operating correctly. At the heart of current growth, he sees scams and manipulation.
On his YouTube channel and podcast, CryptoScam, Vays is an outspoken bitcoin purist who’s skeptical of coins and tokens launched to great fanfare. He prefers developers “who don’t actively pump their coins. They’re not out there telling you how great it is, how everyone should be using it. They’re not out there sponsoring conferences. It’s ridiculous … These aren’t the kinds of projects that I want to support,” he says.
In 2014, he got involved with a “somewhat shady, secretive group” that was on the ground floor for nautiluscoin ($NAUT), the “bitcoin-like currency” launched by CNBC’s Brian Kelly. With a “$40 or $50” investment in mining rigs, Ramos made $10,000.
“I cashed out,” he told me over coffee at a midtown Au Bon Pain. “I was graduating college, and that made my whole summer.”
Ramos turned to virtual mining pools, where a few bucks rent CPU time; members of the pool split their profits after paying a small fee to the operator. He focused on mining newer altcoins, where there wasn’t much competition. Slowly, he saw returns on his investment: $100 here, $300 there. It wasn’t F-U money, but it was enough to augment a college kid’s cash flow.
Because he’s been around for a few years, Ramos can count himself among an early crew of believers who bought and sold crypto based on computing know-how, first-hand research, and gut instinct. And among those who got into it for the “right” reasons — quasi-ideological excitement about the possibility of a currency beyond government oversight, not giddy speculative interest in fast returns.
At 29, Josh Olszewicz is another one of crypto’s so-called OGs — a trader who survived bitcoin’s 2013 crash and the bear market that followed. He’s also a self-taught TA trader who pores over charts and graphs, looking for price movements and volatility that can be leveraged. We spoke over Telegram, a Slack-like messaging platform that’s popular with crypto traders.
Born in Michigan, Olszewicz earned an undergraduate degree in human biology at Michigan State; after holding a number of jobs in the medical sciences, he ended up at Johns Hopkins master’s program. He now lives “on the border of Maryland and Washington, D.C.,” where — having quit his most recent position as an ophthalmic technician — he trades cryptocurrency full-time.
Like many of the OGs, Olszewicz is a true believer in bitcoin. “Originally, it was designed to challenge the current system,” he said. “What it has morphed into is probably something else.”
How does he feel about crypto’s newfound popularity? “Back in 2013 and 2014,” he said, “no one really cared, to be honest. It was just a bunch of degenerate misfits. Now, it’s degenerate misfits and Wall Street.”
When he’s not trading, Olszewicz is building his reputation as a crypto expert. He writes two or three TA articles every week, and he tries to keep his YouTube channel current. He’s also working out the details for a paid educational group. (“I think I can teach someone what I learned over a few years’ time in a few weeks.”) He’s also serving as a paid consultant for ICOs.
Of all the wisdom I’ve gathered in these last few months, it’s something that Tone Vays, the former quantitative analyst, said that’s stuck in my head: “Bitcoin doesn’t promise anything.”
For many, bitcoin’s experimental nature is off-putting. Rather than embrace this confusing but exciting new paradigm — which, yes, may crash and burn — they throw bombs. But they’ve been throwing bombs since bitcoin’s price hit $100, then $500, then $1,000. Will $BTC find its support levels above $20,000, or is another crash coming? Both, maybe.
Bitcoin has always been an experiment. Today, it’s an experiment with a market cap larger than PayPal’s, but it’s still a work in progress. “It started as a science project to see where it goes,” Vays told me. “It didn’t start out as a for-profit venture.”
As for my portfolio’s overall value? In the year-plus that I stubbornly held onto my Verge, its price rose and fell dramatically, up to 220-plus and back down to the 50s. Two weeks ago, its price pumped hard — and I could no longer resist. I sold most of my holdings at 444 Satoshi — a tidy 34-fold increase. With bitcoin trading near $20,000 at the time, I came away with mid-six figures after taxes. Not brownstone money, but it’s still cause for Champagne.
If only I’d held another week. Just before Christmas, Verge caught the attention of Forbes, Bloomberg, and Fool.com; the price skyrocketed above 1,400. Even with bitcoin struggling to hold at $15,000, I would’ve put more than $3 million in the bank.
In the distant future, before users can officially become licensed by authorities to browse the internet, they will have to pass a written test about internet lore and the history of online goofs. One of those test questions will, inevitably, focus on Leeroy Jenkins, the shorthand name for an infamous World of Warcraft video.
Last week, the player who recorded the video, Anfrony (real name: Ben Vinson), uploaded an earlier, alternate version of the famous video, recorded slightly prior. In it, you can still hear the group planning, and you can hear another “Leeroy Jenkins” battle cry, but it doesn’t end entirely in disaster.
In 2005, a video called “A Rough Go” was posted online, depicting a group of players planning a raid. Midway through, a player named Leeroy Jenkins (real name: Ben Schulz) ruins the plan by sprinting into the arena without any rhyme or reason, causing most of the players to follow him and die in the encounter. As he runs in, he shouts his name, “Leeeeeeroooooy Jenkiiiiins!” The battle cry became an early internet meme and non sequitur.
On the WoW forums, Leeroy himself posted a link to the video. “This should answer the on-going question that we all already knew the answer to, and hopefully support a good cause.” The question he’s referring to is whether or not the original video was planned, or if it happened spontaneously. For years, players have pointed out that, among other details in the original, the strategy that the group is running through is a great way to lose the fight very quickly, lending credence to the theory that the incident was a staged parody of people who take WoW too seriously. Now they can say that for sure.
Anfrony writes that he posted the video to keep attention on net neutrality, which the FCC voted to dismantle protections for earlier this month. “I’ve been holding onto this for over a decade waiting for the ‘right’ moment to make it public,” he writes, “and then last week Ajit Pai created his awful/condescending video and it riled me up so much that I decided it was finally time to unleash this gem of Internet history on the world to do my part to help out.”
(To review: World of Warcraft is the most popular “massively multiplayer online role-playing game,” or MMORPG, in the world. Players must coordinate and work together to complete missions, also known as raids.)
Alphabet, the parent company of Google, announced last week that executive chairman Eric Schmidt would be leaving his post in January, ending Schmidt’s role as the company’s primary steward. Schmidt previously served as Google’s CEO for a decade beginning in 2001, before transitioning to his role on the company’s board. He will continue to serve on Alphabet’s board.
Over Schmidt’s time as Google’s leader, he expanded the company from search into other areas, piloting the acquisition of sites like YouTube and the growth of the Android mobile operating system. In later years, he has served as more of an ambassador for the company, helping to grease the wheels in corridors of power like Washington, D.C. (whose attitude toward the liberal leanings of companies like Google has changed just a tad recently).
A source told The Wall Street Journal that Schmidt’s stepping down has been in the works for roughly a year. “Continuing his 17 years of service to the company, he’ll now be helping us as a technical advisor on science and technology issues,” Larry Page, Google’s co-founder and now CEO of Alphabet, said in a press release. He’ll also presumably have more free time to spend in his, ahem, soundproof penthouse.
The front page of yesterday’s New York Times highlighted the plight of Leonia, a New Jersey town that has been wrecked by algorithm-powered driving apps directing commuters through its ill-equipped streets. Beginning in late January, “the borough’s police force will close 60 streets to all drivers aside from residents and people employed in the borough during the morning and afternoon rush periods, effectively taking most of the town out of circulation for the popular traffic apps.”
Residents will receive yellow hang tags, and those who violate the restrictions face a $200 fine. The streets will be off-limits seven days a week from 6 to 10 in the morning, and from 4 to 9 in the afternoon.
It pains me to take the side of a $750 billion company, but Apple is getting a bit of a raw deal here. The common perception is Apple was attempting to force users to ditch their older iPhones for a shiny new one when all that was wrong was an aging battery. But to my eyes, its main sin was a lack of transparency about how it handled phones with aging batteries. Lithium-ion batteries simply stop being able to hold as much of a charge over time, and all phone manufacturers are forced to work around that fact.
In this video, a mom gets a mirror for Christmas, however, what she sees in it (spoiler alert: it’s her daughter, back early from military service) is the real gift.
This mom was overjoyed to receive a stuffed bear from London — like, absolutely over the moon about it — however, little did she know the real gift was yet to come …
In the same vein, this sailor surprised his mom by coming home for Christmas. The video starts right as he walks in the door, so you just get the good stuff (which in this case means a mom literally wailing with happiness) almost immediately.
This kid PAYS OFF HIS PARENTS’ FREAKING HOUSE, because Christmas miracles are real apparently (so long as you’re insanely rich, of course).
There are a lot of members of the U.S. military surprising their moms around the holidays, apparently, but this video deserves a shout-out for its use of painfully heartwarming background music and multiple cameramen.
Fair warning: This one is just gonna mess you up. It features two kids with a dead dad, teddy bears, and tears. Need I say more?
You may now return to your regularly scheduled bout of anhedonia and sorrow.
Other popular passwords include “starwars,” various names (e.g. “robert,” “jordan,” or “andrew”), and some rather blue language (e.g., “asshole” or “fuckyou”).
Look: Coming up with strong passwords is hard. You have to use a bunch of weird symbols. You have to try to avoid the things like names and dates personal to you, but still have it be memorable enough you can log back into your cable company’s website once every six months without needing a password reset. And various institutions can have wildly different rules about what kind of passwords they allow.
Password management firm SplashData has a list of the top 100 most commonly found passwords discovered in cleartext thanks to the many, many data breaches of 2017. “123456” tops the list, followed by “password,” followed by “12345678.” Not great, people!
If you’re scanning that list of top 100 passwords and recognize some of your own on there, here’s one super simple New Year’s resolution: Learn how to use a password manager.
But not using one, especially for anything even remotely sensitive, just means more headaches down the line if someone steals your identity. (Take it from someone who had to argue with an online payment vendor for two months about whether or not I bought $2,300 worth of shoes from Walmart in 2006.)
I realize that this may come as a surprise to you, but it turns out that Russian agents used Facebook to spread misinformation during the 2016 presidential election. We heard some more details about this last month, when representatives from Facebook (as well as Twitter and Google) were forced to schlep up to Capitol Hill and answer some Hard Questions about the whole affair.
Facebook shared that over 3,000 ads had been purchased by accounts linked to the Internet Research Agency, a powerful Russian troll farm, and that these ads had likely been seen by around 10 million people in the U.S. The company also posited that up to 150 million Americans may have been exposed to IRA-created content as a whole. And while this in itself is deeply troubling, the prospect that the vast majority of these people will never know that that weird Bernie meme they shared back in 2016 was created by a bunch of Russians hell-bent on weakening the very foundation of our democracy seems equally (if not more) worrisome.
Thankfully, Facebook seems to get that, and rolled out a tool last Friday that’ll allow users to see whether or not any of the pages they’ve liked and followed were created by the IRA. (Although, of course, like the true PR-masters they are, Facebook buried this announcement in a random section of the Help Center, and published it the day before the holiday weekend.)
You can check for yourself here (and even sign in with your Instagram account, if you so desire). However, it’s worth noting that this tool will only show you which Kremlin-backed pages you’ve interacted with, not posts. Meaning, if you shared or liked that Russian-crafted Bernie meme but never followed the page that created it, you won’t receive an alert. This is obviously problematic for a number of reasons — such as, you know, the fact that the majority of people encounter content from their friends, not pages, and that this system doesn’t take into account where else on Facebook IRA-created content ended up — but for the time being, it’s all we’ve got.
That last particular job-hunting strategy is courtesy of Todd Michael Gori, who decided to try emailing a potential employer, Chapel Hill–based health-care-software vendor TSI Healthcare, threatening to hack it unless the company fired someone in the position he wanted and replaced her with him.
“Again you have two choices. Get ride of her and hire me. Or slowly be chipped away at until you are gone. She is a horrible operator that can only manage 2 screens with an over inflated travel budget. I fly at least 10x as many places as this loon on 1/5th of the budget,” the email continued.
“Im giving you guys 72 hours to respond until the attack goes full scale. There is nothing that can be done to stop the attacks. I have ran multiple penetration tests on your entire network and your company fails miserably,” wrote Gori.
“Again let me be clear. The only way I will work with TSI and stop the attack is to fire [identifying information redacted] and hire me and ensure I am compensated enough …”
Gori then stated he had done penetration testing on TSI Healthcare and discovered weaknesses in their security.
TSI turned the emails over to the FBI, which investigated Gori. Much more disturbing, Gori reportedly also threatened to buy a firearm and shoot TSI employees, leading initially to much more severe charges. A plea agreement meant that Gori didn’t face prison time over the firearm-related threats, but Gori will still be serving time for cyberthreats.
Gori, who was sentenced to 37 months in prison for the threats, said he and unnamed accomplices would hack TSI Healthcare unless his demands were met. The letter, which was obtained by Bleeping Computer, is quite the production.
“I have petitioned for a job with you guys with her as a reference as I am a felon with computer skills and need assistance getting work as technically I have ‘no work history’. She declines everytime and burries me even further.”
The good news is that you no longer have to worry about your horrible jokes being preserved by the federal government for all eternity. The bad news is that starting on January 1, 2018, you can no longer get tweets like “I love pee pee poo poo” preserved by the federal government for all eternity, which is really funny to think about.
There are three primary reasons, as outlined by the LOC. Firstly, there are a lot more tweets being posted now than there were in 2010 when the agreement with Twitter was reached. That increases storage and bandwidth costs considerably. Twitter doubling its character length presumably exacerbates this issue.
Face ID on the iPhone X can do all sorts of complicated rendering tasks based around your face, from animoji karaoke to playing games just by using your eyebrows. Now, Japanese developer Kazuya Noshiro, CEO of the AR and VR game company ViRD, showed off something a bit more unsettling: He made his face invisible.
Noshiro, who made the app in the popular game-development platform Unity, showed off a short 11-second clip using the invisible mask, writing: “On the iPhone, I was able to make only the face an optical camouflage.”
But then again, neither does Noshiro. In a later tweet, Noshiro wrote simply: “It is scary. I don’t really know what it can be used for.”
Noshiro’s app uses a fixed camera placement to get a picture of the background imagery before applying the invisible face mask, allowing for the transparency effect. And while it’s definitely gonna lodge somewhere deep in my subconscious until I wake up in a cold sweat, I’m not sure what it’s actually for.
Jon and Samantha Fox, husband and wife, entrepreneur and finance worker turned stay-at-home mom:
Samantha: We got an email from the Montessori school saying that they accepted bitcoin for tuition, and it was a no-brainer.
“In 2013, I paid $120 for one whole bitcoin. In February 2015, I sold my apartment, got the proceeds, and immediately turned around and bought $50,000 of bitcoin over the course of the month. By March, I was buying T-shirts with bitcoin. I bought socks. I bought gold. Like gold coins. I bought a high-powered blue laser from some crazy laser company for $400 in bitcoin. You had to put special glasses on to even use it, so it wouldn’t burn your retinas. It sat in my closet for a few years. My premise was, I just wanted more and more people to use this so we could all be in this collective consciousness of how this works, to get to the next stage of monetary freedom. I started running out of money from my savings right as the value of bitcoin started to dramatically increase, and I’ve lived off of it for two years. At this point, I’m comfortable enough where I do not have to worry about living for the next five years, and I’m probably underselling that. I live by myself; I rent in Gramercy; I don’t live a very extravagant life. With bitcoin going up, the most extravagant purchase I’ve made is the Arne Jacobsen egg chair from Design Within Reach. But I waited until it was on sale. I don’t want to buy another apartment or a Lamborghini, which I could. But I am also about to take possession of a Keith Haring print that I just purchased from an art gallery downtown. I wasn’t dressed to the nines when I walked in, but when they asked for my budget, they were like, ‘Oh, okay, we think we can do something.”’
Jon: Around nine months ago, we sat down one night and learned how to log into Coinable to buy some bitcoin. It was around $3,000. We bought about ten bitcoins, so we put $30,000 in the market. And then we quickly transferred some of that to ethereum; we spread it around a little bit. We bought some ethereum classic, iota, ripple.
Samantha: Every time we purchase cryptocurrency we discuss it beforehand. Jon comes to me with an idea, and I usually play devil’s advocate the whole time, and if it sounds good to me after I’ve gone through as much technical analysis as I can, then I’m like, “Absolutely, let’s do this.”
Jon: Oh, I didn’t know she had gone through all those gymnastics on it. My memory is, I said, “Hey, babe, I want to get into this,” and she’s like, “Cool, trust you.” I would say we have a very high risk tolerance. We’re not gambling our retirement money, but we can afford to be wrong.
Samantha: We’d have to discuss that.
Jon: We paid it all at once a few weeks ago, the day they accepted us. When you live in the city and you get your kid into the school you want to go to, you don’t hesitate. Somehow, sending $33,000 in bitcoin instead of writing a $33,000 check feels like Monopoly money, like free money. The school sends us their 30-digit code, I log into my Trezor, send the money to this code, and it transfers. I don’t think it’s going to eclipse the USD dollar anytime soon. But at some point, we would switch everything over to cryptocurrency.
“Two years ago, my dad started chirping in my ear about this stuff. He’s the most non-technology-savvy person ever, but he always talks about how in the ’90s he missed the internet boom, so I told him I’d look into it. I was reading a lot of stuff on Reddit, watching YouTube videos, listening to podcasts. I had a friend who’s a lawyer look into it, and when programmer clients or finance clients came in for haircuts, I’d ask about it. But no one knew anything beyond what you could hear in a podcast. When I finally found an exchange to buy ethereum, it only let me buy $500 at a time until I verified my identity at more levels. Now, the amount of clients that come to me for advice, I feel like a veteran in this game already. The money is a long-term investment; I’m not using it. It’s too volatile to want to spend it. Cause you know, today you spend it for a $30 haircut, but in a year from now that $30 could be $3,000. So until that currency becomes more stable, I’m not going to be using it on a day-to-day basis.”
Owen Doherty, barber:
“I was briefly working for Universal Records in midtown, and I was joking with one of my best friends about how I had some money to spend for a hot second. He said I should just buy some of this crypto stuff. It wasn’t as formal as a stock-trading tip, it was like, ‘Oh, give me your computer and we’ll do this real quick.’ Buying ether back then, in 2014, you had to download the ethereum node, which interfaced with the blockchain — you can still do this, but it’s beyond hard. I bought some ether when it was $15 a coin. I do probably an hour a week of crypto. I’ve got a bookmarked folder with some serious crypto traders, I follow some on Twitter, and I’ll hit the Slack exchange and see what the New York cryptoheads are doing. Right now, I’m invested in nine kinds of coins, all in. I’ll probably cash out my big bags in 2018. This hasn’t changed my lifestyle, though. I haven’t made buy-a-house money; I’ve made ‘finally pay for my apartment on Avenue A for a year’ kind of money.”
Dylan Chenfeld, musician and T-shirt designer:
Christina Lupinacci, assistant GM at the Knitting Factory:
“In 2013, I bought a tenth of a bitcoin, but just to get a meme coin called dogecoin, based off that Shiba Inu meme. It was a joke, and I bought it almost for research purposes, just to dabble. Anyway, then I forgot about it. Then in 2016, a friend posted some article about bitcoin on Facebook, and I was like, ‘Oh, yeah, whatever happened to that?’ I realized the prices had gone up significantly, and then I found my wallet info and I was like, ‘Oh, cool, I still have some bitcoin. Cool.’ I cashed out some of it over the summer to pay off student loans. It was significant to me, but now I kind of regret doing that.”
Matt Russell, lives off of his bitcoin:
Bitcoin’s wild year has turned a lot of speculators (and cryptocurrency true believers) into paper millionaires (or, at least, hundred-thousand-aires). But how are people actually spending their crypto gains? Below, six New Yorkers talk about what they’re doing with their bitcoin winnings.
In the wake of a viral Medium post calling attention to some very disturbing YouTube channels apparently aimed at children, YouTube has pledged its commitment to ensuring that its channels are safe, clean, and family-friendly. The problem is, well, it’s hard to clean up a site to which hundreds of hours of video are uploaded every minute — and there are videos that might be even worse than merely “creepy.”
A recent investigation by The Times found that pedophiles have been using the site as some sort of twisted “shop window” to show off abused children and reach out to other members of the “community.”
The mere existence of this sort of content is in itself deeply disturbing. It is child exploitation and abuse, plain and simple. But it seems important to keep in mind that — as much as we may wish it could — YouTube cannot solve the horribly complex and depressing problem of online child pornography. This sort of general outrage, while well-intentioned, masks the real problem for YouTube: It’s created an environment where disturbed individuals can put up videos like these without any real fear of discovery (or reprisal). YouTube has grown to a scale that makes it almost impossible to adequately moderate, and it’s unclear what the solution is beyond radically reducing the pace of its growth.
October 5: The first U.S.–bitcoin exchange rate is published by New Liberty Standard, the first bitcoin exchange site. For one dollar, you can buy 1,309.03 bitcoins. Or, to buy one bitcoin, you need 0.076 of a penny.
May 22: Two pizzas arrive at Laszlo Hanyecz’s doorstep in Jacksonville, Florida, marking the first known purchase of tangible items with the cryptocurrency. The pair of pies — valued at $25 — set Lazlo back 10,000 bitcoins. This amounts to the first concrete valuation; the price of one bitcoin is worth approximately $0.0025. (The 10,000 bitcoins spent on that pizza would be worth about $150 million at today’s exchange rate.)
July 18: Bitcoin surpasses one penny. The price surge — to $0.08 — comes in the wake of a featured story on Slashdot.com, a popular news and technology website. That’s a tenfold increase in just five days, and bitcoin’s first media splash — but a protocol bug the following month stunts momentum through the end of October.
November 11: Bitcoin capults to 36 cents. That’s a 200 percent increase in just five days. This price run-up coincides with popular podcast FreeTalkLive’s episode on digital currencies. Bitcoin stays around that price through the end of January.
June 9: The price spikes to $31 per bitcoin after a Gawker exposé on darknet drug-market Silk Road goes viral in early June. That’s a 6 percent increase from its January price.
April 11: Bitcoin goes from $200 apiece one day to just $67 the next morning as a flash panic sell-off roils the market. Mount Gox, still the leading bitcoin exchange, waves off the event as a technical glitch. The price rises back to pre-rally levels by the end of the week.
April 1: After nearly two years of inertia, bitcoin hits $100 for the first time on April Fools’ Day and then booms — doubling to more than $200 apiece in the span of a week. The catalyst is the Cyprus banking crisis and, specifically, President Nicos Anastasiades’s proposal to tax every single bank account in the country. Panicked Cypriots take to Bitcoin en masse, driving up its price and publicity.
June 19: A raid of Mount Gox, at that point the leading online bitcoin exchange, prompts a temporary free fall: The dollar value plunges to $0.01 per bitcoin before a swift, partial recovery to $15 moments later. This flash crash begets the first major deflation spiral for bitcoin, as investors, spooked by ongoing security breaches, price volatility, and criminal activity, dial down exposure. Bitcoin’s rate of exchange recedes for almost two years.
June 15: Bitcoin briefly crashes by 19% overnight, just days after breaking past the $3,000 milestone. By mid-July analysts at Morgan Stanley say that “Bitcoin acceptance is virtually zero and shrinking,” and the price plummets to a 49-day low, diving below $2000. Bulls go with a wait-and-see approach. It works: Bitcoin is worth $5000 come early September.
November 29: Bitcoin soars past the $1,000 mark, near doubling in value in the span of a week. The frenzied buying appears to be propelled by Chinese investors, who, it’s assumed, want to move their money into untraceable accounts. Bitcoin peaks at $1,216.70 by the end of the month. The price won’t break $1,000 again for three years.
December 17: Satoshi Nakamoto’s unit of decentralized exchange explodes to a gut-punching all-time high of $19,783 per bitcoin, one week after bitcoin futures made their debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The good feeling doesn’t last long: Suspicious trading preceding the Coinbase debut of the bitcoin spinoff, Bitcoin Cash, a few days later leads to a major sell-off, and on December 22, bitcoin drops below $13,000. The market rallies back up to a more sober $15,000 per bitcoin over Christmas weekend.
November 28: Bitcoin blasts past $10,000 mark. Hours later the price tops $11,000 and keeps powering higher. The meteoric rise gets a shrug from investors, and stays within range of its peak valuation past the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. The main price-drivers are new main-street investors: Bitcoin adoption has skyrocketed among average Joes in Japan and Korea over the past several months, the Times’ Nathaniel Popper finds. Around 100,000 new accounts open on Coinbase, the leading bitcoin exchange, within days of Thanksgiving holiday.
April 1: After a steady climb through late 2016, bitcoin sprints into the new year, rises above $1,000 yet again on January 1. On April Fools’ Day, Japan legalizes bitcoin as a method of payment, sending its value even higher. Wall Street behemoths stake a growing share of their wealth — and reputation — on the cryptocurrency market. “Ten percent of my net worth is in this space,” said Michael Novogratz at a Harvard Business School Club forum on April 19, “best investment of my life.” The former Goldman Sachs partner (and billionaire) went on to say that bitcoin will go to $2,000. Bitcoin gathers more and more momentum through May, soaring north of $3,000 by mid-June.
October 12: The first known sale of bitcoins in U.S. dollars takes place: New Liberty Standard sends $5.02 via PayPal to Martti Malmi, and Malmi sends 5,050 BTC to New Liberty Standard, enabling the site to establish the first-ever bitcoin trading service. The price of bitcoin is 0.099 of one penny.
The United States Library of Congress delivered a horrible blow to internet users worldwide this week when it announced that it was ending a program that archived every single tweet posted on Twitter. It is a program that seemed novel in 2010 (“Believe it or not, tweets are important!”) and, in 2017, now seems like a deliberate insult. Maybe we shouldn’t remember everything that happens on Twitter.
And thousands of tweets about Scrappy-Doo being found dead in Miami.
In addition to the mundane, there are important tweets. Ellen’s Oscar selfie. The @dril tweet about candles. Millions of posts about Justin Bieber and One Direction. Barack Obama’s elegant reelection tweet. Donald Trump sitting on his own balls, metaphorically speaking.
I am not making this up. If you search for any variant of “Scrappy-Doo dead Miami” on Twitter, you will pull up hundreds of tweets stating, matter-of-factly, that Scrappy-Doo has been found dead in Miami (I tried using Twitter’s API to calculate how many tweets mention this topic, but restrictions prevented me from getting a full tally. I bring this up only to mention that the Python script I wrote was named “scrap.py”). All of these tweets have been archived by our government. Decades from now — when Twitter has been sold to, I dunno, Tencent? — researchers will crack open the Library of Congress’s Twitter archive and find a long-running conversation about the suspected homicide of Scooby-Doo’s yappy cousin.
This probably won’t surprise you, but the death of Scrappy-Doo in Miami comes from fan-fiction. On January 22, 2011, author WakeGirl14 published “Darkly Dreaming Scooby,” mashing up Scooby-Doo, the crime-solving Great Dane, with Dexter Morgan, the crime-solving serial killer. The latter is the primary character of the Showtime series Dexter, which is set in Miami and ran for eight seasons.
A prominent death always trends on Twitter — Prince, David Bowie, Carrie Fisher, Michael Jackson — yet we never talk about the death of Scrappy-Doo. There will be no obituaries in prominent newspapers. For the sake of future generations, I will try to explain.
The description for the story reads, “Scrappy Doo has been found dead in Miami, and Dexter and the team are on the case! Who killed him? Why was he killed? More importantly, are Daphne and Fred married? Find out all the bloody details in this wonderful gruesome fan fiction.” The story is 4,123 words long. It is the only story that WakeGirl14 has published, presumably for her sister, who is described as “a hyper-obsessed Scooby Doo fan.” (That sister is also presumably WakeGirl14’s only friend on Fanfiction.net, LilacScoob.)
Three years later, the Twitter account @fanfiction_txt, which posts context-free excerpts from fan-fiction, found the story. It tweeted out the first line of the description, which quickly went viral.
It’s a phrase that calls to mind something like “Back at it again at Krispy Kreme” or “Bees are dying globally at an alarming rate” — hyperspecific, somewhat surreal, and with just a tinge of seriousness. It’s also a bit like “covfefe” in that it’s funny and extremely idiotic.
Since these posts took off, the concept of “Scrappy Doo found dead in Miami” has become something of a mantra in weirder corners of social media; a nothing phrase that has a sort of lyrical rhythm. It at once points to the general animosity regarding Scrappy-Doo (an annoying pip-squeak introduced as Hanna-Barbera tried to further commoditize the Scooby-Doo extended universe) and a funny concept in itself. In just eight words, WakeGirl14 crafted a surprisingly funny concept: a cartoon dog who usually solves mysteries like “Who’s haunting the amusement park?” being brutally murdered in the Florida tropics.
January 3: The first 50 bitcoins are mined by Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous inventor of bitcoin. (For more on mining and Nakamoto, see our guide for the confused.)
In response to the uproar, popularly called the “Adpocalypse,” the platform introduced a vague new policy of automated demonetization to appease advertisers, but they drew remarkably wide lines for the AI carrying out these changes.
Guidelines for content that might be deemed “Not Advertiser-Friendly” (a term now so ubiquitous in YouTube creator discussions that it’s mostly said in shorthand, “NAF”) include categories like “sensitive social issues” or “tragedy and conflict.” Ostensibly built to combat a sliver of YouTube content with genuine potential to provoke extremism, the policy struck a major blow to any creator who even tangentially touched on controversy. Fairly mainstream commentary, unbiased reportage, comedy, PSAs, and world history were all demonetized with little attention paid to nuance or context.
“I understand from YouTube’s point of view why, if someone had written suicide, they may mark that as not advertiser-friendly,” Pflederer conceded. “Because, you know, some people upload videos of people actually committing suicide, those kind of things, shootings, things like that.” Like everyone I spoke to, she made a point of appreciating the challenges the platform faces in managing so much content; algorithms are hard. Still, she was shocked that after watching the video, a YouTube reviewer had decided against it.
Romina, another vlogger who creates travel videos and prefers to be identified by her first name and channel moniker (@RedRomina) for privacy reasons, had been waiting months for reviews of several of her NAF videos, one of which featured her exploration of Murphy’s Ranch, an abandoned Nazi prisoner camp in Los Angeles. “I sort of understand why that would get demonetized,” she said diplomatically, “but, of course, the video isn’t pro-Nazi or anything like that; it’s just an educational piece about a place.”
What she couldn’t understand was the NAF flag that appeared on her September 29 video about a cat café in Atlanta that employs the homeless as part of a skills-building program. After submitting a request for review, she complained about the incident on Twitter the next day, tagging @YouTube in the tweet. By the time we spoke on October 2, the video had been quietly remonetized.
“I just woke up this morning and I happened to see my video was no longer demonetized,” she said of the incident, “For my other two videos, I never publicized that they were demonetized. But for this video, I think that possibly doing that and tagging YouTube, and the fact that the video was gaining traffic pretty quickly, helped with the appeal process.”
“I don’t think there is, like, some perfect explanation or perfect fix to this.” Pflederer said. “Either way, there’s going to be some give or take on either side, but for us as creators right now, it feels like creators are the only ones giving right now, and that everyone else is just taking.”
This saga has run parallel to another, a smaller YouTube controversy that sprung up after months of ignored flags and complaints, revolving around Mike and Heather Martin, parents who used the platform to make a living off of videos of emotionally and verbally abusive “pranks” they performed on their young children. The family came under scrutiny in April after popular YouTube commentator Philip DeFranco called out their channel, DaddyOFive, and the resulting outcry from YouTubers and international media outlets led YouTube to demonetize the channel and removed some videos. (Determining how many is difficult, as the Martins privatized their entire archive later that day, and YouTube won’t comment on individual videos.)
There are popular channels that fetishize their young children, exploit their injuries, and compensate them unevenly or unfairly for what often becomes a full-time job. Some of this behavior is largely invisible — taking place behind the scenes — and more of it is overlooked by the young children who, by the estimate of most creators, make up the majority of the vertical’s audience.
Family vlogging is one of YouTube’s most popular and profitable verticals, and though gaping holes in both YouTube guidelines and child-labor laws leave enormous potential for offscreen abuse, neither viewers nor advertisers have taken much issue with the content, and YouTube has made no move to take responsibility for regulating, managing, or tracking these incidents. For the most part, the final products are still “advertiser friendly,” and drawing attention to the tens of millions of children under 13 who legally shouldn’t be on YouTube in the first place would likely prove financially damaging to the company.
“When you think about what kids are doing to produce content, to create revenue for their families, it is the same kind of job that would be under child-labor laws, except for it’s not protected,” said Ana Homayoun, social-media expert and author of Social Media Wellness: Helping Teens and Tweens Thrive in an Unbalanced Digital World.
“If Facebook or YouTube know that they’ve collected information from a child under the age of 13, [COPPA law requires] they have to take steps to discard that information,” said Linnette Attai, a compliance expert in kids’ technology. “It’s a knowledge standard.” And the best defense against any knowledge standard is to maintain your own ignorance. Easy to manage for a company with a well-established reputation for silence.
In the past month, YouTube has again dealt with a massive advertiser boycott, this time thanks to commotion over mass-produced, often disturbing kids’ content that has been disseminated over YouTube Kids and the main site with little to no oversight. After a viral Medium post drew attention to this long-standing and pervasive issue, YouTube took action, proudly announcing on November 27 that it had “terminated more than 270 accounts and removed over 150,000 videos from our platform in the last week … we removed ads from nearly 2 million videos and over 50,000 channels masquerading as family-friendly content.”
YouTube has hired a swath of new moderators, which may or may not save the platform from degradation, and it’s promised stricter enforcement of community guidelines around children’s content. At the same time, it has made no move toward an apology, no acknowledgement of the profits it’s made off of the “nearly 2 million videos” before demonetizing them two weeks ago, and no indication of concern for the well-being of kids in front of the camera, only for the ones watching at home. The crackdown is sure to improve the YouTube experience for tens of millions of unsupervised kid viewers, but there is no evidence that the company is interested in reform or regulation past what its advertisers can see.
Social-media platforms have tended to frame themselves as primarily content distributors (think Comcast or DirecTV in a traditional television marketplace), too far removed from the actual content creation or even curation to be responsible for how it’s made or what it says, but a single critical glance at the industry will reveal the inadequacy of such a comparison. Though YouTube does act as host and distributor, its algorithmic control over featured and suggested content, its Creator Academy, Partner Channels, and direct-payment scheme all point to the company’s heavy involvement in material production, from concept through marketing. And “advertiser-friendly” content requirements seem more like an exceedingly oblique form of network notes than anything else.
For over ten years, YouTube has participated (at least rhetorically) in a massive project to democratize the world’s creative landscape. Truly, billions of people, anyone with Wi-Fi and a camera, can add their voice to the flood. But with this proliferation, the company has been forced into a clumsily enacted role as gatekeeper. As it grows in this position, YouTube looks increasingly like any traditional network prioritizing and rewarding its own vision of good content (despite CEO Susan Wojcicki’s popularized claim “We’re not TV and never will be”). This has its benefits — the platform is a safer, cleaner place than it was a year ago, and viewers as well as advertisers are the beneficiaries of that — but with many creators already moving to alternative platforms (Vid.me) and revenue streams (Patreon), YouTube’s age of exploration seems over in more ways than one.
Before this most recent upset, advertisers had been returning to YouTube, especially to Google Preferred — a gated community of high-level advertisers guaranteed placement on curated, polished, popular content — though complaints about the 9,000 channels behind those gates are already surfacing. YouTube has largely recovered from each of its “brand safety” crises and likely will again, the sheer reach of the platform is too appealing to keep advertisers away for long. And the company has proven quite apt at making quick and effective pivots on long-standing policy in response to mass outrage. This ability seems likely to make the site a friendlier, more palatable place for visitors and viewers, but also one in which the smallest and quietest voices are further drowned out by the amplification of the most pleasant ones, and appearances are valued above truth.
Both the boycott and the policy shift provoked outrage and panic from YouTube creators large and small, many of whom reported losing upwards of half of their income in April and May. The comparatively detailed current NAF guidelines had not yet been published, and no one understood why their videos were being flagged or how to avoid it.
For Android users longing to get in on HQ Trivia, a free trivia app that allows you to win real money at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. ET most days, you officially need to wait until January of next year.
But waiting is for suckers; you can start playing HQ Trivia on your Android phone today. All you need to do is sideload the APK (Android Package Kit) for the app and you can get in on the action. Here’s how to get started.
1. Go to the Settings menu.2. Go to the Personal subheading, and tap Security.3. Under “Device administrators” there should be a toggle switch for “Unknown sources.” Turn it on.
Use your file manager to find the HQ Trivia APK file. Tap it to install, and agree to the permissions requests. Open up the file, put in your phone number, and you’re good to go. I’ve tested this out on an LG 5 running Android 7.1 and a OnePlus 5T, and both worked perfectly.
By default, nearly every Android phone only allows you to load apps from the Google Play storefront. To set up your phone to allow for sideloading APKs, do the following:
Now, you’re ready to join iOS users in frantically Googling answers and groaning in pain as host Scott Rogowsky fills time with endless riffing. And hey, if you’re feeling appreciative, feel free to use my referral code, “jsweari,” and give me a few extra lives. I need all the help I can get.
You’ll be downloading a file to your phone and then installing it, and by default most Android phones don’t have a great file manager. So you’ll need to grab one from the Google Play store. I like Total Commander and Amaze File Manager; both are free and very intuitive to use.Download the HQ Trivia APK file. Head over to APK Mirror and download the HQ Trivia APK. APK Mirror is perhaps the most trusted source for APK files, matching up signatures of APK to the developers, and generally keeping out most malware. (However, it should be said that sideloading any APK is always a little bit risky.)
If you’ve got a Pixel or other phones that have already received the Android 8.0 update, most of the above steps are unneeded — Android 8.0 handles sideloading much more gracefully — no need to muck around in settings or install a file manager. Just head over to APK Mirror (or search “APK Mirror HQ Trivia” on your phone), download the file, allow Chrome (or your web browser of choice) to install applications, and you’re good to go.
The earliest origins of the Tide Pods–as–food bit date back to an internet forum in 2013, according to Know Your Meme. The topic of said forum, however, was less about Tide Pods as a delicious snack and more about old people and kids accidentally eating them. In the years following, sites like CollegeHumor and the Onion both created content around the idea of edible laundry pods. See here: “Don’t Eat the Laundry Pods” from last March. Communities of people — on Twitter and Reddit — have since become very into talking about eating, or how badly they want to eat, Tide Pods. (I’m assuming that very few to none make good on these conversations, given the whole Tide Pods are poison thing.)
This December, there have been a number of viral tweets about Tide Pod–consumption that seem likely to have been the impetus for the detergent renaissance this week. The most important being a person who tweeted at Gushers on the day after Christmas with something “very important” to tell them. They sent a DM asking if Gushers would consider making a fruit snack shaped like a Tide Pod — which is a great idea if you ask me — so all of the would-be Tide Pod–munchers could satisfy their pod hunger. Gushers blocked the user after receiving the DM.
If anybody knows a gummy company looking for a hot new product, I think we might be onto something here. And again … don’t eat the dang Tide Pods. Though if you do, please have somebody film you and send us the video.
Online traders of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin tend to speak in impenetrable jargon, heavy on acronyms, slang terms, and hashtags. Some of it is borrowed from traditional finance, but the digitally native generation of self-taught traders has additional vocabulary all its own. Some useful terms to get you through a conversation — or message-board fight — include:
Bags: Cryptoassets being held, generally as longer-term plays; sometimes used self-deprecatingly for soft or losing positions one should close, but can’t for whatever reason. “Too bad none of my alt bags saw the moon that I did today. #cryptoeclipse”
Whale: Anyone who owns 5 percent of any given coin, often used as a boogeyman to explain unwanted price movements. “Nice support $NEO. Clear whale manipulation.”
Bitcoin Maximalists: The truest believers in bitcoin’s original mission and design, often paired with a disdain for altcoins.
#BTFD: “Buy the Fucking Dip.” Advice to other traders to pick up a coin that’s presumably hit its bottom. “$GNT Golem making moves. Underpriced @ 7.5K If U are buying GNT under 10K still a good price 3 X LETS GO $ETH #CRYPTO #trading #BTFD”
#DYOR: “Do Your Own Research.” The trader’s caveat that advice shouldn’t be taken at face value. “$BCY has an appealing risk/reward here. Could take a few months to play out, however, and will require patience. #DYOR”
Exit Scam: Traditionally a term for darknet markets and vendors that, after building up a good reputation, accumulate bitcoins and disappear; exit scams are also feared by ICO participants who worry that, once they’ve raised hundreds of millions in hard-to-trace money, the developers will take the money and run.
#FOMO: “Fear of Missing Out.” When a coin starts to moon, dumb money rushes in. “$LGD on a TEAR right now!!! It has major highs right now! Some major #FOMO going on!!! Sell while it’s high. It WILL drop before fight!!!”
FUD: “Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt.” Another non-crypto term that describes attempts to scare weak-handed coin-holders into selling their positions, often with rumors of exit scams or hacks; the cheap, dumped coins are then picked up by the FUD-ers.
#Lambo: A running joke among traders, you’re cryptorich when you can buy a Lamborghini; though absurd, it’s not unheard of — when Alexandre Cazes, the suspected founder of a major darknet marketplace, was found hanged in his Bangkok jail cell, Thai media reported that he owned four Lamborghinis.
#Moon: A rapid price increase.
Pump: A rapid price increase believed to be the result of market manipulation, a.k.a. pump and dump.
#Rekt: Wrecked. “I never sell because of #FUD, and I never buy because of #FOMO. That’s the easiest way to get #Rekt”
Shitcoins: Pejorative term for altcoins, especially low-cap coins, often affectionately used by shitcoin hodlers.
Sats: Satoshis, currently the smallest unit of a single bitcoin, useful for tracking coin prices. “At the rate $XRP’s moving, I wouldn’t be surprised if it hits 10K sats by the end of the day.”
Fiat: Government-issued money.
After switching to an algorithmically sorted feed last year and throwing your sense of chronology into disarray, Instagram is continuing to pack (arguably unnecessary) features into its app. This time, as TechCrunch reports, the service is throwing in recommended posts that you didn’t ask for, in a new section called — surprise, surprise — Recommended for You.
It looks like people are loving the latest change! You can hide the section when it appears, but only temporarily, so expect to get annoyed by it over and over.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about all of these teams is their proof of how wide open the crypto space still is. Hummer and Fickel do not have previous experience in running a hedge fund. Viswanathan and Lau have previous experience building infrastructure and products but not in finance. But none of this seems to be much of an impediment in terms of finding customers, seeing as everyone else is even newer. Chromatic Capital has already raised half of the $60 million they’re looking to take from outside investors; Viswanathan and Lau have signed a raft of contracts. Wachsman is as selective as a prestigious start-up accelerator. “Since the space is so new, you can get up to speed and start creating new and useful technology really quickly,” Viswanathan says. “And that’s what makes it so exciting and so fun.”
You could call Shit Gardens part of the broader Internet Ugly aesthetic, but it’s really more specifically part of something native to this app: Ugstagram. It’s a term you can apply to other users, like Chill Wildlife, an aggregator for amateur videos of animals being weird and funny; Ugly Design, which catalogues not-well-designed household objects; and Cooking for Bae, “a sweet dedication to struggle plates” that collects photos of gross and/or poorly cooked food.Other accounts, like You Did Not Sleep There, poke at Instagram’s aspirational gloss; it specifically collects shots from travel photographers and #vanlifers who post photos of ludicrously impractical but very photogenic campsites on the edges of cliffs, rocky beaches facing mountains, and other locations. Less intentionally, there’s Cacti Explorer, which is just a guy’s watermarked photos of cacti that look like they’d be paired with a botanist’s field notes and are odd and against the grain.
“I think we felt that suburban Melbourne and its gardeners had a very unique approach,” says James Hull, an English and history teacher who was roped into starting the page by Bede Brennan, a landscape architect. “We’re not doctorates or anything. We’ve studied a little bit of history, a little bit of philosophy, this and that. There’s a sense of homage to a lot of ancient Greek and Roman cultures, and in front yards it is often quite dramatic. There’s just these interesting narratives that spring up from the gardens.”
What Instagram is famous for — enough that you might feel shamed out of posting photos, unless you’re a dad, that aren’t good — is that pretty, glossy, FOMO-inducing look. The contrast with accounts like Shit Gardens is as hard; Internet Ugly, the Tumbler look, and old-school glitch art all reference an earlier, shittier-looking stage of the internet. Instagram never went through that; it was born ready for #vanlife. It was always about a world that was artificially nice, and the app’s nature meant that a narrow slice of the world would be presented through it. The content being crammed into our craniums all feels very overengineered, and these accounts feel like a tongue-in-cheek reaction to that, as fuzzier, rougher underground rock in the ’80s was to overproduced, engineered pop music of that time.
“Even the way these pages are set up and done in such a beautiful way. The layout of the page itself is very neat and tidy. With us, it’s about creating an aesthetic that sort of has a bit more self awareness and can actually laugh at itself and thrives off laughing at itself,” Hull says. Later over email he added, “If I had to compare our page with any of the pages that we follow, I’d say that the closest thing to us would be RuralMurals69 [editor’s note: nice] or Kasimir Pillè’s carpet_sample.”
It goes without saying that Instagram wasn’t made for close-up, context-less shots of carpets. Hull and Brennan aren’t driven by algorithms or virality, either, and Shit Gardens doesn’t exist or need to exist for any particular reason other than genuine appreciation. It happens to be a particularly good version of this as well as, probably, the internet’s No. 1 tutorial on how not to do topiary. But it’s exactly the account’s tongue-in-cheek focus on the odd gardening of just one city that gives it a more universal appeal. And there’s nothing shit about Shit Gardens.
Thanks in large part to its algorithm and popularity-contest format, which, like other social media, encourages the Pursuit of Likes, Instagram is a homogeneous social network. But it also encourages that kind of homogeneity in real life. It’s enforced a sameness to the aesthetic of restaurants — puns written out in neon signs! Colors that pop! — and their food, over-the-top dishes that are not meant to be eaten but snapped. It also facilitates the rapid spread of trends. If you’re running a Western restaurant in Shanghai and want to know what’s cool in New York, you don’t need to book a flight. You just need to click on hashtags. The world might be round, but it’s flattening like a balloon that’s been popped. In a time when you can’t tell the difference between cafés and apartments from Tokyo to Copenhagen to Brooklyn, Shit Gardens celebrates something peculiar, particular, and not particularly distinguished.
When Ramzan Kadyrov, the head of the Chechen Republic, was sanctioned by the United States on December 20 under the auspices of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, he remained defiant on Instagram, his social network of choice.
By December 23, Facebook had banned Kadyrov from both Facebook and Instagram. Kadyrov was a popular and prolific user of both. Before being banned, he had 3 million followers on Instagram, and 750,000 fans on Facebook. His Instagram had already garnered him media attention due to its odd mixture of pro-Putin rhetoric, pictures of him lifting weights, and one video of him wrestling crocodiles.
“I’ve said before, but I’ll repeat for the especially forgetful, that I wouldn’t go to the U.S. even if they promised me all the country’s foreign currency reserves as prizes,” wrote Kadyrov.
“Facebook said the deactivation of the account because of the list of ‘banned persons of the U.S.’ I’m very calm about this U.S. rat race,” wrote Kadyrov. “But the question is to Facebook and the Ministry of Finance: Where is your vaunted democracy and the right of citizens to receive information? Or does the opinion of 4 million subscribers not mean anything?”
Facebook will likely continue to face major headaches as its portfolio of social networks, including Instagram and WhatsApp, function as global communications platforms. Facebook is nominally a U.S. company, but the majority of its users now live outside of the United States. If a country besides the U.S. were to issue sanctions — say, India, which now boasts a larger Facebook user base than the U.S. — would Facebook also follow suit there?
On Twitter, which has not removed Kadyrov’s account, Kadyrov wrote further:
Facebook has said that it had a “legal obligation” to ban Kadyrov due to the U.S. trade sanctions. But as multiple outlets have pointed out, there are many other individuals subject to U.S. trade sanctions that continue to use Facebook without issue. Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro was sanctioned by the U.S. in July of 2017, but still remains on Facebook. Russian deputy prime minister Dmitry Rogozin has been sanctioned since 2014, but is also active on Facebook.
Two 20-something Romanians arrested in Bucharest earlier this month have been charged with hacking into police computers in Washington, D.C., attempting to execute a ransomware scheme targeting thousands.
The pair has been charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and conspiracy to commit unauthorized access of protected computers.
All of this happened in early January of 2017, just days prior to the inauguration of President Trump, which was marked by sometimes-violent protests the day of and the Women’s March the day after, estimated to have been attended by millions of people. One can assume that D.C.’s outdoor security-camera system was being heavily monitored by the police.
An early draft of the World Health Organization’s 11th International Classification of Diseases includes obsessive gaming among its newest additions. “Gaming disorder,” as far as the WHO is concerned, isn’t about those of us who get temporarily fixated on a new game, but about people who become so hooked on video games that it becomes their entire life, to the detriment of their, you know, real life.
From the WHO:
A WHO spokesperson told CNN that the addition of gaming “includes only a clinical description and not prevention and treatment options.” To be diagnosed, the WHO requires at least a year of monitoring gaming behavior. So chances are good that you won’t be able to blame all of those hours you spent this year playing Zelda: Breath of the Wild on a gaming disorder. But hey, it’s definitely a real and medically recognized issue. Unlike “selfitis.”
President Trump publicly criticized the U.S. Postal Service Friday morning, tweeting that it’s getting fleeced by Amazon, which he claims is getting “richer” as USPS gets “dumber and poorer.”
Despite the per-package losses USPS takes, package delivery is a lucrative part of its business, especially given the rapid decline in sending mail. In its third-quarter fiscal-year report, USPS said revenues for the package portion of its business increased by 11 percent, while letter-mail volume, which makes up 70 percent of revenues, fell by 4 percent. Taken together, this resulted in a net loss of $2.1 billion for the quarter. All told, the Postal Service lost $2.7 billion for the fiscal year ending on September 30.
Amid a global bitcoin obsession that has everyone asking “So, what is bitcoin?”, South Korea — which has been particularly seized by bitcoin mania — is looking at measures to regulate cryptocurrency, including considering whether or not the country should shut down their exchanges. According to The Wall Street Journal, the government warned that bitcoin and its ilk are “vulnerable to the damage from investment fraud or hacking attacks on the exchanges.”
“This is not clickbait. This is the most real vlog I’ve ever posted to this channel,” Paul says in an intro to the video. “I think this definitely marks a moment in YouTube history because I’m pretty sure this has never hopefully happened to anyone on YouTube ever,” he continues as minor-key piano music plays. “Now with that said: Buckle the fuck up, because you’re never gonna see a video like this again!”
It all began the week prior, when Teigen started livetweeting her experience on the Hell Plane known as All Nippon Airways Flight NH175. Basically, she was on an eight-hour flight to Tokyo that had to turn around and return to LAX four hours in after the airline reportedly discovered that one of the passengers was on the wrong flight. Teigen’s tweets on the whole affair quickly went viral (as most things she posts about do), which attracted the attention of some of the internet’s seedier players. Specifically, the alt-right conspiracy-theorist crowd.
This is, unfortunately, what transformed Teigen (and subsequently, her family) from just another celebrity online into the perfect target for the ire of the alt-right. Nothing motivates the most disturbed parts of the internet like attention, and Teigen’s tweet provided a larger spotlight than any member of this community had ever seen before (and would likely ever see again).
The effort to capitalize on this moment was spearheaded by none other than Liz Crokin, a so-called “citizen journalist,” popular among the craziest sects of alt-right Twitter and YouTube. Saturday evening, Crokin tweeted out multiple photos of Teigen’s 1-year-old daughter (which she’d lifted from Teigen’s Instagram and Snapchat) to her 50,000 followers with the caption “Chrissy Teigen’s daughter dressed as a hotdog, Alice in Wonderland & a pineapple but note [pizza] emoji! #followthewhiterabbit #Qanon #TheStorm.” In the replies, her followers quickly jumped on Teigen’s use of a pizza emoji as “definitive proof” that Teigen was involved in a (completely made up) child sex/abuse ring they believe includes all members of Hollywood and basically the entirety of the Democratic party.
This quickly caught the eye of Teigen herself, and later her husband, John Legend, who rightly felt beyond uncomfortable over this clear violation of their family’s privacy, not to mention the completely unfounded allegations tying them to the debunked Pizzagate conspiracy theory. “Alright. I debated saying something about this but I’m pretty disturbed over here.” Teigen said in a tweet. “The fact that there are people with these … thoughts … is really scary. [A]pparently dressing my daughter as Alice in Wonderland and a hot dog and having a pizza emoji on Snapchat has to do with pizzagate and being uhhhh darksided …”
The matter quickly devolved into an aggressively public argument between the two. (Though, the word “argument” may lend too much credit to Crokin, who merely tweeted baseless conspiratorial accusations, while Teigen responded like a reasonable adult who’s spent the last year living in reality.) And though Teigen’s husband even got involved, and Twitter eventually took away Crokin’s verification badge, the whole thing never exactly seemed resolved. It merely ended because Teigen stopped responding, and set her Twitter account to private.
The Storm conspiracy is sort of like Pizzagate, but worse in basically every way imaginable. Believers think that a high-level government official has been communicating top-secret information about the Trump administration to them through 4chan, the wholly anonymous anything-goes website where neo-Nazis and misogynists gather and talk about crazy stuff like eating raw onions to increase their sperm count. They call this mysterious government official QAnon (hence the hashtags) because the poster has promised them he totally, definitely has Q-level security clearance (never mind the fact that that’s a Department of Energy term … ), and thus they believe he’s telling them super-classified stuff.
In the minds of believers like Crokin, all of Hollywood and the so-called political elite are corrupted beyond return. They often speak of “a true evil” that’s been let loose in the world, and insist it’s up to them and them alone to stop it. In this fantasy world, they don’t have to confront the fact that they probably made a poor choice when voting for our nation’s next president, nor are they faced with the reality of the depressing daily-news cycle. Believing in the Storm conspiracy gives them illusions of grandeur. Lifts them out of their humdrum, depressing lives and transports them smack dab in the middle of a spy novel featuring them as a principle player.
This in itself is nothing new. If you check the mentions of any celebrity you’ll see insanity and vulgarity abound. That’s just how the internet is. However, what made this incident different was that Teigen called them out:
“This was supposed to be a fun vlog. Suicide is not a joke, depression and mental illness is not a joke; we came here with an intent to focus on the haunted aspect of the forest, but this just became very real,” Paul says to the camera. “Obviously, a lot of people are going through a lot of shit in their lives … Suicide is not the answer guys; there are people that love you and care for you.” That’s as close to emotional understanding as Paul gets. Later in the video, Paul calls discovering the body among the “top-five craziest things I’ve ever experienced in my life.” He pulls a bottle of sake from his backpack and takes a drink, “I’m already getting flagged for demonetization, bro, fuck it.” He also ponders whether or not he should ask people to subscribe to his channel — a ubiquitous YouTube sign-off — given the nature of the vlog, before deciding that it’s kosher and asking viewers to join the Logang, Paul’s fandom.
Over the weekend, YouTuber Logan Paul posted a video from Aokigahara, a forest in Japan infamously known for the number of suicides that have taken place there. While visiting, Paul and his friends found what appears to be a dead body hanging from a tree. A discovery that Paul filmed, narrated, and shared on YouTube until pulling the video when he started to receive a backlash. YouTube gave a short statement to fellow YouTuber Phil DeFranco about the video. It says … well, it doesn’t say much.
In Paul’s world, Vlog World, the more outrageous a video — the crazier the title, the clickier the headline, the thirstier the thumbnail image — the better. Paul’s legions of fans watch his videos because they want to see the 22-year-old’s reactions. They want to know exactly what he’s thinking and feeling in the face of dramatic situations. (Situations that, of course, set him up to constantly be one-upping his previous pranks, stunts, and videos.)
Most people wouldn’t have posted footage of an unnamed, lifeless person for millions to see. But most people aren’t YouTubers. Most people aren’t conditioned to view their experiences — or the experiences of others — through the lens of minutes watched, likes recorded, or subscribers added. Yet. Logan Paul found a dead body hanging from a tree in a forest. There was no way in YouTube hell that he wasn’t going to vlog about it.
Paul, as he would from any location, filmed and narrated his group’s visit, including his discovery of the body of a person who appeared to have recently hung himself from a tree. The face of the apparent dead person was pixelated in the video, but Paul’s vlog showed the body suspended from the tree in the now-deleted video. “Are you fucking with us?” Paul called out to the body before turning the camera back to himself. “So, a lot of things are going through my mind. This is a first for me,” Paul said. “His hands are purple. He did this this morning.”
YouTube basically punts on the question we’ve all been wondering. Was Paul’s video a violation of the company’s terms of service? Paul’s dramatic saga of discovering the apparent dead body — he digitally blurred the victim’s face — doesn’t seem like it came with the necessary “appropriate educational or documentary information” YouTube requires to allow graphic content on the platform. Something about Paul downing sake in the parking lot outside of the forest and filming it to include in the video — “I’m already getting flagged for demonetization, bro, fuck it” — makes me think it probably wasn’t up to code.
2018 claims its first victim: TinyLetter. The free newsletter service, previously brought to you by MailChimp, is going away sometime in the near-ish future, Inc. reports. Founded in 2010 and sold to MailChimp in 2011, TinyLetter made it easy for writers, creatives, and anybody who occasionally wanted to email a whole bunch of people their thoughts and doodles, to create and send newsletters. Now, it seems MailChimp will be swallowing TinyLetter’s functionality for itself.
Instead, would-be newsletter creators will have to use MailChimp directly to send their dispatches. “TinyLetter’s functionality will be enhanced in its migration to MailChimp,” a spokesperson told Inc. “It will still have the same super-simple newsletter building functionality, but it’ll be refreshed and updated for improved user experience, and there will be better reporting and more insight into how newsletters perform and who the audience is.” If you’ve ever used both TinyLetter and MailChimp, you’ll know the big draw to the former was ease of use. Hopefully when the merging is complete MailChimp will be just as user friendly. Also here’s hoping for a seamless migration and archive transfer for anybody using TinyLetter at present. Mostly we’ll just miss the name. Goodbye, TinyLetter. You were too good for this world.
Per its description, “Archive Poster” is a Google Chrome extension meant to allow Tumblr users to “reblog, queue, draft, and like posts directly from another blog’s archive.” What wasn’t mentioned was that starting in December, it also hijacked users’ computers to mine the cryptocurrency monero, a currency similar to bitcoin but much more anonymous (and therefore much more attractive to anyone who doesn’t want their transactions monitored).
As reported by Bleeping Computer, the extension included an update last month that introduced the Coinhive in-browser miner. This meant that the roughly 105,000 users of Archive Poster were mining for cryptocurrency as long as they were using Chrome — a practice known as “cryptojacking.” Coinhive was also used by torrenting site the Pirate Bay to mine for cryptocurrency from visitors.
Google was largely unresponsive when users noticed that Coinhive had been inserted into the extension’s source code. One user even posted to the Google Chrome Help Forum about the problem, confirming that the extension was cyrptojacking, only to be told to either “get in touch with the extension developer for further assistance” or “report the extension” via a web form.
The creator of the extension, Essence Labs, say they were hacked. “An old team member who was responsible for updating the extension had his Google account compromised,” Essence Labs wrote in an email to PC Mag. “Somehow the extension was hijacked to another Google account.”
While Archive Poster has been taken down from the Chrome Web Store, a new version called “[SAFE] Archive Poster” is now available. There’s no information on how this extension works, and it doesn’t appear to come from Essence Labs, so we’d definitely advise staying away. And if you are still using Archive Poster, uninstall it ASAP.
On Tuesday, president pro tem of the Senate, Orrin Hatch of Utah, announced he’d be stepping down next January after seven terms. Hatch, 83, holds the record as the country’s longest-serving Senate Republican. Both President Trump and Steve Bannon had asked Hatch to run again, particularly when news broke that another famous Utah Republican, Mitt Romney, would seek the seat if Hatch stepped down. (Romney has been vocally anti-Trump, so it would be to the administration’s benefit to keep him out of the Senate.)
Folks, he’s — maybe, probably, most likely — running.
Again: The vast majority of YouTube’s content is inoffensive. Much of it is just spam channels trying to game the system for ad money; some of it is genuinely great stuff that the world would be poorer without. But 65 years’ worth of video is uploaded to YouTube every single day, making the site’s full contents unknowable, and unable to be moderated, to any one person or small group of human beings. The technical hurdles — the unscannable, unindexed nature of video — make each rambling 15-minute vlog difficult to evaluate at speed and at scale. And just as Facebook’s enormous size transformed once-funny hoax posts into a global misinformation crisis, YouTube’s size and prominence means its worst, scariest stuff, no matter how marginal in the scheme of things, is still reaching millions of people, many of them young. For adolescents and teenagers across the globe, YouTube is the de facto time-waster, a place where you go to search for toy videos and news — and where, thanks to the wonder of automation, you could wind up in a distorted world of disturbing images, resentment politics, and brain-dead reaction-bait, all of it feeding off of itself.
And as with Facebook, this is one of YouTube’s key problems: The bad stuff is not an anomaly, but a rational response to the platform’s incentive scheme. Logan Paul is not the first person to post video of a dead body on YouTube, and he will not be the last (someone’s probably already done it since Saturday); his video simply operates in a tradition of crazy stunts and wild reactions that generate high engagement numbers on YouTube. Already, dozens of other prominent YouTubers are posting response videos, their own condemnations of Paul’s obviously terrible act, rushing to be the algorithmically determined next video in YouTube’s autoplay queue. That same autoplay function guides children from videos like “Peppa Pig Episodes — Birthday Compilation — Cartoons for Children” to videos like “MLG Peppa Pig Daddy Pig Dies in the BlackBerry Bush.” A parent glancing over their kid’s shoulder every once in a while might not notice the difference.
Earlier this week, a YouTube star named Logan Paul uploaded footage of a dead body that he’d found in a forest. Paul was traveling in Japan and went to Aokigahara, a forest known unofficially as “suicide forest.” Surprise! He found a recent victim of suicide; he filmed the body; he filmed himself reacting to it (“So, okay, there are a lot of things going through my mind right now”); he edited the footage together and found a soundtrack for it; he uploaded the video to his YouTube channel; he added a provocative thumbnail of the body to pique viewer interest; his various hangers-on uploaded their own videos of themselves and Paul finding the body. Before it was taken down, Paul’s video was watched more than 6 million times.
Might not notice the difference — until stories about creepy animated videos and unthinking vloggers are in the news all of the time. YouTube is now unavoidable, which means that its problems are unavoidable, too.
But how the coming YouTube backlash might actually change the site is unclear. Because of that scale problem, and because of how much more difficult it is to use automated computer systems to process and organize video, the company might not ever be able to sort through video to adequately moderate it. It should also be said that the self-contained nature of the YouTube ecosystem, and the tribalism YouTubers inspire among their fans, often inoculates people like Paul against substantial outside criticism.
For now, YouTube has been flirting with “demonetization” — preventing creators who do or say controversial things from “monetizing” their videos through automated advertising. But this is a messy system: Videos espousing Nazism might be demonetized, and caught in the sweep are videos of games where the player fights Nazis. (Creators then decide to chronicle and explain this problem … on YouTube.) Facebook has all but eliminated links to outside sites from its News Feed; it’s even toyed with putting them on a separate feed entirely. But YouTube doesn’t exactly have that luxury — the site feeds itself. Everything, from the creepy to the reactionary to the heartwarming, already lives on YouTube in the first place.
For some people, it’s the little things that make life worth living. A walk on a beach at sunset. Catching the G train just as the doors are closing and having it run, without delays, to your stop. For Lauren May, the thing is winning HQ Trivia. (If you’re not familiar with the app-based, daily trivia game where people win real money, start here.) May appears to have won $11.30 playing HQ this week. Please watch — sound on, headphones in — as she loses her H-cool and falls to the ground. There are screams. There are tears. This is good television.
Nobody tell Lauren you have to win at least $20 to actually cash out and claim your HQ winnings. She’ll need to win again if she wants to collect those sweet, sweet HQ dollars. Guess she could always try to Google the answers.
Indeed, with the advent of touchscreens and smartphones, those digital buttons now dominate our button-pressing activity. The biggest thing to happen to buttons in ages has been the advent of the Like Button. The Like is a button of interaction and connection. It’s a virtual tie to other people and other ideas. Unlike “Send” or “Okay,” the Like offers zero utility except to say, “I see you.”
The concept of “smashing the like” gained a small cultural foothold in its overlap with #whoup culture. Let’s say it’s 1 a.m. and you can’t sleep. You scroll through Instagram or Twitter, and make a post that effectively asks, “Who else is awake right now?” Or more succinctly, #whoup.
Anyway, that’s how we got to the point where a Tumblr user named kuma-kami edited a “smash that like” stock photo into the so-called Nut Button, so they could talk about being aroused by anime.
As they later recalled, the image soon became known as the Nut Button. In case it wasn’t already clear, there is a substantial aspect of horniness to asking #whoup. Late at night, faces lit up only by the glow of our screens, the thirst awakens not unlike a vampire, retreating at the first sign of daybreak.
(The crowdsourced database Know Your Meme points to this as the first documented instance of the Nut Button. While I cannot confirm that myself, relatively low amount of compression and artifacting on the image lead me to conclude that it is certainly one of the earliest.)
So it’s a bit fraught. Still, though, there is something very funny to me about how fast this hand is moving toward the button that will allow this person to nut. Maybe the Nut Button is funny to me, at the beginning of 2018, because it is shameless and unapologetic about peoples’ desires. Social norms dictate that, generally speaking, you don’t talk about nutting; certainly not publicly, and certainly not on social media. But in the year that interacting online lost all of its subtlety, when the president is threatening nuclear war by literally talking about how big his button is, there can be no doubt that we live in Nut Button Country now. Welcome; it’s gonna be a while.
But that may not matter much to Amazon. The company has always been more than willing to sell products at a loss in an aggressive bid for market share. And a report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners today shows that people with an Echo in their home spend 66 percent more than the average Amazon customer. CIRP found that the average household that uses Amazon spends about $1,000 per year on the service. A household with a Prime membership spends about $1,300. But a household with an Echo spends about $1,700 every year.
“In other words,” says Levin, “Amazon could give these away — which they kind of do — or even pay customers to own them, and still come out ahead.”
Having finally decided, “You know, we should maybe do something about these leaks,” White House Chief of Staff John Kelly has imposed a ban on personal devices.
A source in the White House told Bloomberg that part of the issue also had to do with the White House wireless network being overloaded by personal devices. Jared, please stop torrenting so much hentai!
According to Bloomberg, the ban stems from supposed security concerns. “The security and integrity of the technology systems at the White House is a top priority for the Trump administration and therefore starting next week the use of all personal devices for both guests and staff will no longer be allowed in the West Wing,” Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement.
Performing government business on personal devices is not a good look for this administration, to say the least. But the ban has an added bonus of making leaks from the West Wing more difficult. At one point, passing information to reporters was so pervasive that then–press secretary Sean Spicer made staffers unlock their phones and prove that they didn’t have encrypted messaging apps like Signal and Confide installed.
Better late than never, I guess? One of the primary factors in considering Facebook’s power is in understanding the current anxiety over centralization on the internet — the collection of internet activity in the hands of a few online destinations and services rather than many disparate ones. Facebook is a key part of this, dominating social network in the same way that Google dominates search and Amazon dominates shopping.
Again, the Zuck:
Network effects are only one cause of centralization, though. There are many deliberate choices that Facebook has made over the years to keep users boxed into its platform (and to keep its platform central to the commercial and social life of the internet in general). It spent billions on popular apps like WhatsApp and Instagram, bringing them under the Facebook umbrella. It has duplicated the functionality of competing apps like Snapchat, prioritized its own video-hosting service over YouTube, and started offering crowdfunding services that have become increasingly popular over the last few years. It has created a News Feed that is now designed to keep users within the Facebook app and on the Facebook site. Its designers have crafted an API system that makes it very easy to feed data into Facebook and very difficult to extract from that same system. It has put roadblocks in place to discourage users from exporting their data and leaving the service, and it refuses to reveal how its systems work and what types of data powers them.
So what are these vulnerabilities?Both exploits are aimed at the “kernel,” an essentially invisible part of your device’s operating system that is perhaps the most vital software component on your computer (or phone or tablet). It’s the go-between for all of your applications and basic parts of your computer: the processor, the memory, and the device itself (think your keyboard and touchpad on a laptop, or the power button on your phone).
The kernel does a lot of stuff that we won’t get into here, but one of the most basic and primary functions is keeping the data in one program from being read by another. You don’t necessarily want Spotify to have access to your email client — and when you do want to use your email client to send a Spotify song to a friend, it’s the kernel that takes over and passes that information along.
Both the Meltdown and Spectre exploits can be used by malicious users to get at sensitive data stored in the memory of other running programs — everything from passwords and credit card information to emails and photographs. And unlike traditional malware which operates like an application, kernel exploits can’t be seen by antivirus software or in system logs. We know that these vulnerabilities exist, but so far there’s no way to know if anyone has actually used them. It’s legitimately scary stuff.
Imagine buying a coffee at the corner store. You’re pretty sure it’s gonna cost a $1.25 so you fish out a single dollar bill and a quarter while your order is being rung up so the clerk doesn’t have to make change, therefore speeding the whole process up. If it turns out the price of coffee has changed, or there’s some sales tax you forgot to factor in, you pull out some more dollar bills or a different set of coins — no harm, no foul.
So, wait, how do these exploits work?One of the foundations of modern processing is something called “speculative execution.” This means that a computer will do some work before it’s needed, on the chance that you’ll need it in the near future. If you do end up needing that work, it’s already done and prevents a delay. If not, oh well — the benefit of having the work preloaded outweighs the times when it’s not needed, especially because modern processors are smart enough to learn over time what you’re likely to do, and keep a cache of all those possible outcomes in their memory.
Now imagine you’re Parvati, the Hindu goddess with many arms and many hands, but still shopping at the corner store. (Even Hindu goddesses of fertility need to shop somewhere). You’re also extremely busy and constantly running late, so you try to speed things up whenever possible. When you enter the store, you could hold a dollar and a quarter in one hand, a single dollar in another, exactly 89 cents in another hand, two singles in another hand, and so on, and then also have your credit card out in case the place for some reason doesn’t accept cash.
So Meltdown and Spectre allow people to see my credit card information?Yep! Or really anything you enter into your computer’s memory — which is to say, anything you do on your computer. Passwords, credit card numbers, Social Security numbers, you name it. Neither Meltdown nor Spectre allow a bad actor to change anything on your computer; someone can’t infect your computer with malware or install a keylogger. But they can glean enough information that they could later use to install malware on your computer, or just grab personal information that you’d probably rather not have out in the wild.
When it’s your turn to pay, you’ve got all these different bundles of bills and coins and your credit card clutched in your many different fists. If you weren’t in such a hurry, you could present just the one hand with the correct amount of money to the clerk. But you’ve gotta hurry, so you thrust everything forward. The clerk takes the correct amount of money from you. But if the clerk is a bad actor in all of this, they could also easily jot down your credit card number while taking that $1.25 from you. You leave with a coffee, and the clerk has your credit card number.
Meltdown is a very scary name. It really is! It’s called that because it basically melts down the built-in security between programs on your computer, and it affects essentially every Intel chip made since 1995 (which means about 90 percent of all devices). Here’s someone using the Meltdown exploit in real-time to grab a password:
Overall, your life is much much better because you have a ton of hands that allow you to do many things much faster. But now you live in a world where someone can, if they so choose, take a peek at everything you’re carrying around — and the only way to stop that from happening is to slow down.
But while Meltdown is the more aggressive threat, patches have been released for Windows, Mac, and Linux machines already, as well as patches for Firefox and Internet Explorer, and more are on the way. Make sure to update your machine, and you should be protected.
So basically every computer in the world is broken for the foreseeable future?To quote Reverend Lovejoy: Short answer, “yes” with an “if.” Long answer, “no” with a “but.”
If you’re headed to CES — everyone’s favorite tech trade show — next week, don’t expect to see Ajit Pai. The FCC chair has canceled his scheduled appearance during the conference after receiving death threats, Recode reports. A spokesperson for the FCC told Recode it would “not comment on security measures or concerns.”
It seems weird that Pai would be receiving death threats, given he’s generally beloved on the World Wide Web. What could it be about the man who fought tooth and nail to end net neutrality, leaving people open to being gouged by their internet-service providers, that has people feeling angry? Really boggles the mind. Everyone in Vegas next week will just have to do the “Harlem Shake” without Pai this time.
This is all good, but remember to be discreet about the Googling, lest the celebrity spot you and, say, chronicle it on their Instagram Story (which Sprouse did).
The good news is that the two did link up shortly after. A happy ending. Nice.
It’s been a year — at minimum — of tremendous cultural upheaval, not least of which because January 7, 2017, was the day that someone finally became famous for seasoning meat. As in, the actual act of putting salt on meat. Because the internet is excellent at amplifying humans’ stupidest tendencies, and is an unavoidable distraction factory, a Turkish steakhouse operator became the biggest celebrity-chef sensation in the Western World, overnight. Born Nusret Gökçe, the man who would become Salt Bae embodied everything that was right, and wrong, with the world over the last 52 weeks.
The video showcases his perfected form: meat-smacking, meat-rubbing, meat-slicing, the down-the-forearm salting technique. Never mind the fact that any cook in the world would be fired for trying this nonsense in a real restaurant, or that Salt Bae himself — sunglasses, tight tee — looks like an extra from a European John Wick knockoff. The man makes it work.
Yes, it has been a year since Salt Bae went big. Scroll through the chef’s Instagram posts from the last few years, and you’ll see his style develop. August 2016 was when he really found his groove, posting a video of himself slapping raw meat, smacking it on the grill, and more. It’s also the first time he shows his own personal Blue Steel: the over-elbow salt sprinkle. And it was a video that he posted on January 7, 2017, that would turn him into the king of sexy seasoning.
In any other time in human history, Salt Bae’s act might have been the most interesting part of a tourist-trap restaurant that people visit when they’re on vacation. Telling friends they had to see this guy would have required flying to Dubai, Abu Dhabi, or Istanbul (all cities where Salt Bae operates locations of his Nusr-Et steakhouse chain). Instead, because everyone has Instagram and Twitter on their phones, people instantly made copycat videos, celebrities wore T-shirts with his image, and his signature move worked its way into the end-zone-celebration canon.
You could argue that Salt Bae isn’t the first celebrity chef whose food is entirely beside the point, but he is the first whose fame is built entirely on an extremely limited repertoire of moves designed for virality. For better or worse (which is to say, worse) “food” as a cultural pursuit is, right now, less about how anything tastes and more about how it looks in a photo. Salt Bae’s appeal isn’t about good, or even acceptable, technique — you’re getting salt everywhere, dude! — but he looks hilarious and intense for all the wrong reasons. In other words, he’s the ideal star for a two-minute video.
Far less hilarious is the fact that 2017 would become a year when many actual celebrity chefs and restaurant owners were outed for decades of predatory behavior. The most prominent social-media platforms have also become something of a cesspool. Salt Bae is a goofy distraction from real issues facing not only the restaurant industry, but the world as a whole. If rainbow bagels and galaxy cakes were a person, they’d be Salt Bae.
Salt Bae, who has no chill, showed up on a YouTube channel called Sarah and Melanie Live, cooking with French Montana, a video that also featured Diddy. In another video, the rap mogul introduced “my brother Salt Bae,” who stood silently as Diddy announced that the chef would appear in a new Cîroc commercial. The predictably over-the-top (and great) commercial also includes DJ Khaled–looking hype. Salt Bae himself also appeared at Khaled’s birthday party in early December, and just a couple of weeks ago, he was with Khaled again, teaching Drake how to properly season meat. (In perhaps the most Drake move ever, he awkwardly flubs it and still makes it look pretty good.)
If Salt Bae’s act seems to be wearing thin, know that there is no way that it will slow down. An opening in New York provides a whole new audience to see his sexy salting in person — and you can bet that all of his customers will be shooting videos to post on their feeds.
Intel, the world’s second-largest manufacturer of semiconductors, is having a bad start to 2018. Security researchers, led by Google’s Project Zero, disclosed that a major flaw in the system architecture of processors made by Intel, ARM, and AMD allows for an exploit called Spectre, which could enable malicious users to access sensitive data such as password or credit-card information that normally should be siloed between different applications.
In addition, there’s an Intel-specific vulnerability known as Meltdown, which is more aggressive and easy to exploit, and which major OS and browser vendors are frantically rolling out patches for.
The move was notable enough on its own for finance publication Motley Fool to flag it when it happened in mid-December, wondering why exactly Krzanich would sell everything except what was required. Analyst Ashraf Eassa wrote at the time that “the impression that I get is that Krzanich doesn’t have a ton of faith in the potential for Intel stock to appreciate, perhaps driven by a lukewarm (or potentially even negative) view of the company’s near- to medium-term business prospects.”
Which may have been true! Intel (and other companies affected by these flaws) were all aware of the basic issues of Meltdown and Spectre for over half a year. According to Intel itself, it says that it was informed of the flaws in June 2017 by Google.
The Quiz Daddy is not, by his own admission, a pub-quiz guy. (He’s not much of a drinker.) Nevertheless, he is here at Amity Hall, an Irish pub in Greenwich Village, trying to remember the ship that took Charles Darwin to the Galápagos. “HMS Majesty?” the Quiz Daddy ventures. “No, not that. Darwin’s ship … ” He trails off, and we sit in hard-thinking, pub-quiz silence.
This is an unfamiliar position for the Quiz Daddy. He is by trade an asker, not an answerer, of questions. In 90 minutes, at 9 p.m., 700,000 people will pick up their phones and open an app called HQ Trivia to play the second of two daily live games. The Quiz Daddy — born Scott Rogowsky — will be their host. For now, though, he’s simply another contestant at a bar trivia night. “The Beagle? Yeah, that sounds right.” I write it down (I’m his Quiz Partner for the evening).
What makes someone a “Quiz Daddy” as opposed to a mere game-show host? (A separate but related question: Why did three straight female friends try to crash our interview?) In person at 7 p.m., slouched in a yellow HQ sweatshirt, Rogowsky is an affable but uncommanding presence; on my iPhone at nine, done up in a sharp suit, he exudes an outsize, off-kilter energy, all raised eyebrows and widened mouth. With a stuttery delivery that almost seems to mimic the game’s not-infrequent glitches, a fondness for corny jokes, and a trace of a New York accent, he’s a Borscht Belt Max Headroom. Some find Rogowsky unlikable; I (and many who tune in) find him compulsively watchable. (Rogowsky says he’s “not fully convinced” anyone likes him. “I tend to dwell on the negatives.” He knows he has fans, but “a lot are in high school.”)
For all his off-the-cuff weirdness, Rogowsky is serious about his work: “I put hours of prep into this sometimes.” It’s mostly research into the questions, but, yes, he prewrites many of his puns. “I’m doing my best to entertain,” he says. What he offers is a louche nerdiness, merging the showmanship of a talk-show host with the direct-to-the-camera intimacy of a vlogger.
Nine months ago, Rogowsky, 33, was ready to leave New York. After a decade of struggling on the margins of the city’s comedy scene — not coincidentally, hosting a self-produced online talk show, Running Late With Scott Rogowsky — he planned to give L.A. a try. Then he had an audition. With … an app?
The app was HQ, the product of an “app studio” called Intermedia Labs, founded by the Vine creators Rus Yusupov and Colin Kroll. The premise is simple: Every day, at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. EST, you open the app and answer 12 increasingly difficult questions, delivered by a wisecracking host. (Which of these animals is not a source of ivory? Walrus, rhino, elk. The answer is rhino.) Get one wrong and you’re out; get all 12 right, and you split that game’s cash prize with your fellow winners (the highest amount divvied up so far has been $18,000). There is no catch. The app is free, unless you’re one of the VCs who invested — the awards come directly out of the millions Intermedia raised from sponsors such as Lightspeed Venture Partners, the first Snapchat investor. HQ doesn’t make money now, but if you’re regularly getting 700,000-plus young people to stare at their phones for ten minutes, there are a bunch of big corporations that would like to pay you for some of that attention.
“I approach auditions like, Welp, probably not going to get this,” Rogowsky says. Indeed, when the HQ offer came, he’d given up his New York apartment for the L.A. move, which is why he commutes to the game’s Soho studio on Metro-North: He’s living with his parents in Westchester. “Not in the basement,” he clarifies.
For this reason and others, the months since he took the gig have been trying. “I have no time for anything,” he laments; his sleeping habits are “horrendous.” Also, there was the public threat to fire him. In November, Rogowsky gave an interview to the Daily Beast. When the reporter contacted his boss, Yusupov, for comment, Yusupov complained that the app wasn’t about its host: If the article was published, “Scott could lose his job.” After an outpouring of support for Rogowsky on Twitter (and in the app’s built-in chat), Yusupov apologized.
After all, Rogowsky’s now a celebrity. “Four people dressed as me for Halloween this year,” he says, sounding awed. Better yet, “I basically have agreed to terms” on an ongoing deal, he says, the length of which he can’t specify.
He’s appeared on Good Morning America and NBC Nightly News; on New Year’s Eve, he popped up in a tux on my television on ABC’s show from Times Square. Then he materialized again when a guest at my party broadcast a special 11:45 p.m. edition of HQ from his phone to my Apple TV. And nearly everyone stopped to play. In certain social circles — high-schoolers, college students, millennial East Coast professionals — you can set your watch by the moment people’s faces suddenly drop to look at their phones.
This isn’t necessarily as dystopian as it sounds: An appealing feature of HQ is its insistence on appointment times in an on-demand, asynchronous world. You literally can’t play HQ alone; even if you’re physically by yourself, masses of others are with you. And so is Scott. “There are some people who are, like, I never get past Q1 or Q2, but I just like to see a man talking to me! I’m lonely!” And, of course, some of the app’s success can be chalked up simply to the fact that twice a day a little man shows up inside it to give you a chance at free money.
For the record, Rogowsky would be decent on Jeopardy! After an early stall on the HMS Beagle, he mows through the round with assurance: The democratic constitution of what country was signed in 1978? Spain. “Can’t Help Lovin’ Dat Man” is from which musical? Show Boat. “I love books of miscellany and random facts and knowing shit,” Rogowsky says. “I know a little bit about a lot of things. I don’t go very deep in any one field, except maybe ’90s baseball.” We are rewarded with a perfect score: 11 out of 11.
It’s after eight, and Rogowsky has to rush off. He can’t take me to the studio, or tell me anything about it. The company wants to maintain whatever competitive advantage it can about HQ’s technical setup and filming process, he explains. All he can say is that it plans to keep growing: “Ideally, we can give out a million dollars every time. That’s what they’d love to get to.”
But the point isn’t just to be the biggest app on the iPhone. It’s to be the biggest game show on the planet, period. Or maybe just the biggest entertainment property, period. HQ is compelling because it feels like an artifact from one possible future, a glimpse at how all entertainment might look in decades to come — pushed to your phone for 15 minutes, twice a day, with a host who talks directly to you. And millions of fellow viewers. “Vine, at its peak, had 100 million users,” Rogowsky says. “I think they’d need a server the size of Rhode Island to make it work.” But if the engineers can figure that out? “This is bigger than TV.”
*This article appears in the January 8, 2018, issue of New York Magazine.
When Logan Paul decided to film himself in front of the body of a man who had apparently committed suicide in Japan’s Aokigahara forest, he set the bar really, really low when it came to respecting other people or other cultures. But the rest of Paul’s “Adventures in Tokyo” vlogs were also pretty offensive — just not nearly as bad as the video that caused him to quit daily vlogging (for now).
Today marks the premature publication of Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury, a tell-all about the Trump White House (maybe you’ve read an excerpt on this very website), and there are tons of juicy details about our very dumb president. Some of them seem too good to be true! And that’s because they are.
This highlight reel, compiled by We the Unicorns, shows off snippets of Logan Paul’s signature brand of humor, which includes yelling at strangers because it’s funny, breaking things because it’s funny, and wearing other culture’s traditional clothing because it’s funny.
Or you can check out “WE FOUGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF TOKYO!” — where Paul does some very bad martial arts in the streets of Tokyo, and scares drivers at the loading docks by hiding in the back of their trucks.
If you really want the full experience, watch Logan’s entire “Adventure’s in Tokyo.” There’s “KICKED OUT OF JAPAN! (I’m Sorry) JP,” in which Paul runs screaming through a marketplace and washes his hands with holy water at Senso-ji Temple, because the holy water is “for people who are real pieces of shit in life.”
Finally, there’s “REAL LIFE POKÉMON GO IN TOKYO! (Catching Strangers),” which made me want to put my laptop in a microwave after watching for 20 seconds, so I can’t really tell you what happens in that one. Sorry.
Said Tokyo, in response:
Take, for instance, this tweet from known jokester and milkshake-duck inventor @pixelatedboat, who crafted a parody excerpt about the president demanding “the gorilla channel” and his lackeys scrambling to create bespoke primate content.
Unfortunately, some people are willing to believe anything, and the rumor of the White House gorilla channel is quickly becoming fact, even though it’s … not.
Australian journalist Samantha Maiden grabbed the excerpt (without citing @pixelatedboat), and threw together her own tweet about the news.
Shadi Hamid, a Brookings Institute fellow with 111,000 followers, nabbed the screenshot and tweeted it out as if it were real.
Eventually, @pixelatedboat decided to change his display name on Twitter — which appears alongside the post every time someone retweets or embeds it — to clarify that it’s a joke. In subsequent attached tweets, Hamid clarifies that he knows that it’s a joke, and decided to rip it and repost in order to specifically avoid the name-change work-around. So, uh, that’s a really stupid decision.
Anyway, here we are now, with the gorilla channel now somewhere between fact and fiction, hoax and joke. The gorilla channel never existed in real life, but it’s now a meme anyway. Get in before it’s gone.
Having twisted itself in knots over the last few years trying to defend its free-speech absolutism as its platform grew increasingly toxic, Twitter has recently earned a lot of flack for continuing to offer Donald Trump a place to drop his bad ideas. Following a couple of fumbled attempts and a recent purge of some prominent far-right users, Twitter is giving the question “Why is Trump still on Twitter?” another shot.
This is probably as straightforward an articulation of Twitter’s messy internal thinking as we’re going to get. “He’s the president, duh” makes more sense than most of the reasons Twitter has tried to supply. It certainly tracks better than that Trump isn’t violating the site’s terms of service (he threatened nuclear war?) or that he’s newsworthy (which he is, but … ). Donald Trump is the president, and much as online platforms want to seem egalitarian, the president of the United States is a protected class of one single person. If you don’t buy that justification, fine, but at least it’s now out there in the open.
In a short blog post, the company writes, “Blocking a world leader from Twitter or removing their controversial Tweets, would hide important information people should be able to see and debate. It would also not silence that leader, but it would certainly hamper necessary discussion around their words and actions.”
In other words, it’s because he’s the president, and he has a million different ways to speak to the public, so why not let him lose his mind on Twitter instead of somewhere else?
The company goes on to say, “No one person’s account drives Twitter’s growth, or influences these decisions,” (yeah right) and that it works to remain “unbiased.”
The metabolism of fake news seems continues to speed up.
The letter speaks of “a growing societal unease about whether at least some people are getting too much of a good thing when it comes to technology.” Among the suggestions the letter includes are research, better parental controls, increased consumer education on the issue, and the creation of an expert committee.
A link to that post was shared 70 times on Facebook as of this writing.
Neon Nettle is a relatively small fish in the fake news ocean, though it is so brazenly cynical that even alt-right Reddit clone Voat had a several posts in its Pizzagate forum alerting members that Neon Nettle was fake news. (Put another way: Even people who believed that a Washington D.C. pizza parlor was the focal point for a global ring of pedophiles thought Neon Nettle was a bridge too far.)
Neon Nettle appears, from the outside, to be a single person writing under multiple pen names — the site uses several different bylines, but all share similar linguistic and syntactical quirks. It seems to monetize via recirculation boxes run by the company Revcontent, a content recommendation service similar to Outbrain. It has over a half million fans on Facebook, and its stories are a mixture of factually true tabloid stories (“Naked Man Launches Attack in Phuket Airport After Overdosing on Viagra”) and astoundingly fake ones (“Justin Bieber Shapeshifts Into Reptile at Airport Causing MASS PANIC”).
None of what Neon Nettle is doing is new. It’s well established that fake news can be profitable, particularly thanks to its ability to spread quickly on Facebook. Facebook has made various efforts to stop its spread, but little seems to be working. Sites like Neon Nettle continue to operate unchecked, reacting quickly to the news cycle with a new ways to garner clicks on Facebook with completely fabricated news.
There’s always a tweet, folks.
In November, Twitter announced that it was putting a hold on verifying any new accounts while the company tried to figure out how to fix its verification system and what it meant to be verified. Twitter was always clear that giving an account the infamous blue check mark was not an endorsement by the company, but in many ways, just by nature of Twitter saying, We acknowledge this person is a real person that we vouch for, it was always something of an endorsement, anyway. The halt came after Twitter received blowback for verifying Jason Kessler, the man responsible for the white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 2017. The company did not say when it would begin verifying accounts again, but it appears that it has been doing so without fanfare in recent weeks.
One of the many hells that we’ve created for ourselves online is the personified brand. Faceless corporate entities participating in online culture and co-opting fun jokes in order to sell hamburgers and get you to watch This Is Us.
Author of Trump tell-all Fire and Fury Michael Wolff and director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Mick Mulvaney were two accounts to be verified after Twitter’s announcement, Fast Company reports. FC also noted that one of its editors was also recently verified after submitting a request earlier in 2017. The editor did not reach out or follow up with Twitter in any way to get the check mark. Twitter has not made any announcements about reinstating its verification program, likely because it’s still busy de-verifying all the alt-right and white-supremacist accounts that it never should have verified in the first place.
Last night, NBC’s official account decided to livetweet the Golden Globes, offering running commentary as the ceremony proceeded. One tweet contained a GIF of Oprah Winfrey, the universally beloved celebrity, and the caption “Nothing but respect for OUR future president.”
There are two ways of looking at this tweet. Maybe you see the tweet for what it actually is: a reference to a long-running meme in which a girl cleaned off Donald Trump’s Walk of Fame star and captioned her tweet about it with “Nothing but respect for MY president.” The post was quickly and widely parodied.
Alternatively, it’s possible that the brain worms have eaten large holes in your frontal lobe and you see NBC’s tweet as some coded anti-Trump message. It would, after all, be absurd to suggest that a billionaire celebrity with no political experience could make it to the Oval Office.
All of this dumb backlash led NBC to get rolled by ridiculous right-wing outrage (maybe they missed the memo that online outrage doesn’t really matter). The company deleted the tweet, blaming a third-party vendor that was running its account during the ceremony.
It’s also a reference to a joke Seth Meyer made during the program last night.
Anyway, that’s one of many dumb controversies today. It’s only Monday.
Correction: We originally stated that three executives from Experian sold $2 million worth of stock shortly before security leaks were revealed to the public. The company in question was Equifax, not Experian.
James Damore, the infamous ex-Google engineer who was fired in August after writing a multipage, anti-diversity memo, is back at it again. (Though with Damore, “it” could mean so many things. It could mean praising the KKK for having “cool” titles. It could mean comparing being a conservative at Google to being gay in the 1950s. It could also mean choosing to do your first in-depth interview with an alt-right YouTuber.) Today, Damore and his attorney, Harmeet Dhillon — Dhillon is a civil-rights attorney who is also the National Committeewoman of the Republican National Committee for California — announced that they are suing Google for discrimination against conservative, white men.
Mencius Moldbug, a.k.a. Curtis Yarvin was reportedly escorted from Google’s campus while visiting a friend for lunch because his name “triggered” a silent alarm. Others on Google’s reported blacklist include Alex Jones of Infowars, and Vox Day, a.k.a. Theodore Beale. After a Google employee asked if the men could be taken off of the list, HR allegedly changed the system so that employees couldn’t access the blacklist anymore.
“Google furnishes a large number of internal mailing lists catering to employees with alternative lifestyles, including furries, polygamy, transgenderism, and plurality discussing sexual topics,” reads the complaint. (Note the use of the term transgenderism, which, well, isn’t how anybody in 2018 should be talking about the transgender community.) “The only lifestyle that seems to not be openly discussed on Google’s internal forums is traditional heterosexual monogamy.” This section of the complaint also references a presentation from an employee who identifies as “a yellow-scaled wingless dragonkin” and another who identifies as “an expansive ornate building.”
“Not only was the numerical presence of women celebrated at Google solely due to their gender, but the presence of Caucasians and males was mocked with ‘boos’ during company-wide weekly meetings.”
The suit claims that Google uses “extreme” and “illegal” practices to keep these dudes down. It’s not a totally surprising filing given Damore filed a federal labor complaint last year and began working with Dhillon during August 2017 on “fact gathering” — looking for other white dudes who felt wronged by Google — for what would eventually become today’s complaint. The document comes in at over 150 pages, so let us save you a little bit of reading — you can find the whole mess here if you’re feeling ambitious — and share a few of the, uh, more interesting things it contains.
As per an email screenshot documented in the complaint, one of Damore’s colleagues received a “peer bonus” for “speaking up for googley values and promoting [diversity and inclusion] in the wretched hive of scum and villainy that is [Damore’s Memo].” Peer bonuses are given by fellow employees, but have to be approved by Google’s “Recognition Team.” Damore also received threatening emails while still at the company, “You’re a misogynist and a terrible person. I will keep hounding you until one of us is fired. Fuck you,” wrote one of Damore’s fellow engineers.
“We look forward to defending against Mr Damore’s lawsuit in court,” said a Google spokesperson when asked for comment.
After a lawsuit by a French consumer-watchdog group in late December, prosecutors in France announced on Monday that they’re opening an investigation into whether Apple intentionally slowed down older iPhones in an attempt to force consumers to buy new ones, a practice commonly known as “planned obsolescence.”
The original lawsuit centers on how Apple handled the degradation of older phone’s batteries. Lithium-ion batteries, used in nearly every smartphone on the market, degrade over time, losing their ability hold as much of a charge. Starting with iOS 10.2.1, Apple began to slow down the CPU on phones with aging batteries in an attempt to have the phones last longer.
The original lawsuit was brought association Stop Planned Obsolescence (HOP, or Halte à l’Obsolescence Programmée), shortly after news about the battery slowdown began to break in the mainstream press. Now the DGCCRF (or the Directorate General for Competition, Consumer Affairs and Repression of Fraud), part of the Economic Ministry, has begun a formal investigation. The work will likely take months, with the results given over to a French judge for further review.
France has particularly strong consumer-protection laws, thanks to legislation known as “Hamon’s Law.” Planned obsolescence was declared illegal in France in 2015, carrying the penalty of up to two years in jail and fines equal to 5 percent of total revenue. Since Apple doesn’t break out its smartphone revenue by individual company, it’s unclear just how much 5 percent of its revenue from French iPhone sales would be, but with the iPhone being the most popular smartphone in the world, it’s safe to say it would be a significant sum.
In a statement released on December 28, Apple said:
A Senate bill reviewing the FCC’s recent decision to undo net-neutrality protections received its 30th co-sponsor this week, thus ensuring that it will come to a vote. Yesterday, Missouri senator Claire McCaskill signed on as a sponsor, giving the bill enough support to bypass committee review and make its way to the floor.
The odds of the bill passing the Senate, and then the House, and then being signed into law by the president are pretty low. But it does have the benefit, with less than a year to go until midterm elections, of putting the issue to a vote in Congress. “Republicans are faced with a choice — be on the right side of history and stand with the American people who support a free and open internet, or hold hands with the special interests who want to control the internet for their own profit,” Markey said in a statement.
The bill, first pushed by Massachusetts senator Ed Markey, uses the Congressional Review Act to prevent the FCC from repealing the 2015 Open Internet Order (the policy that enshrined net neutrality as law). Essentially, the bill repeals the repeal. If the Congressional Review Act sounds familiar, it’s because Republicans used it early last year to dismantle FCC regulations that prevented ISPs from monetizing your online activity.
Net neutrality has strong, broad bipartisan support among Americans, meaning that senators who lodge their opposition to it in the congressional record will eventually have to explain why they did so.
In her own press release, McCaskill said, “The best way to ensure that access isn’t to eliminate those consumer protections in one fell swoop, but reach a bipartisan agreement that’ll finally give certainty to consumers and providers alike. Until Congress does that, this bill will simply revert to the previous consumer protections that have been upheld by the courts.”
After the long-held urban legend that Apple slows down older iPhones to compel owners to buy new devices turned out to be, well, actually not a legend, Apple announced that it would be offering discounted replacement batteries. Instead of the usual $79, the company would be offering $29 battery replacements. Which seemed like a good enough deal, even if it was just to appease angry iPhone owners who are probably still going to seek legal action. (Apple is currently facing multiple lawsuits regarding the issue.)
If you’ve ever hopped on a public Wi-Fi network, whether that’s at a local Starbucks or while killing time waiting for a flight at an airport, you’re at risk of all sorts of attacks. But thanks to the rocketing valuation of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and monero, there’s one more worry to add to the list: Someone hijacking your computer to mine for cryptocurrency.
A Spanish developer working under the name Arnau released a proof-of-concept paper showing how one could hack a public Wi-Fi network to mine virtual currency. Arnau was inspired by a recent case in Buenos Aires, where a Starbucks public Wi-Fi access point took over users’ laptops for ten seconds to mine for bitcoin. While Starbucks moved quickly to resolve the problem (it’s still not clear if their internal Wi-Fi was hacked, or if the local ISP provider they were using was doing something shady), the idea was enough to intrigue Arnau. “I thought it might be interesting [to] perform the attack in a different way,” he writes in his paper.
Once traffic is being routed through the attacker’s computer, the attacker can inject a simple JavaScript that forces their laptops, smartphones, or tablets to access a website that then uses the program Coinhive to mine for bitcoin. This can be a tremendous drain on your computer’s resources — mining for cryptocurrency is both energy- and processor-intensive. If you were unlucky enough to be a victim, you’d likely see your phone or laptop slow to a crawl while also draining battery at an increased rate.
While Arnau’s attack only works on traffic being sent through unencrypted HTTP sites, not encrypted HTTPS sites (i.e., those sites with the little green lock symbols on them), there are work-arounds for this. A script known as “sslstrip,” first presented at a DEF CON conference in 2009, could easily force sites to shift to HTTP.
The best way to protect against CoffeeMiner? The same thing you should be doing anytime you use a public Wi-Fi access point: Use a VPN. While there’s no such thing as complete security, using a paid VPN like NordVPN, PureVPN, or Private Internet Access will create a secure tunnel between you and the coffee-shop router, encrypting all of your traffic (even traffic routed through normally unencrypted HTTP sites). If anyone is going to waste your computer’s time and resources, it should be you.
The attack, which Arnau dubs “CoffeeMiner” in honor of the Starbucks incident, is at heart what’s known as a “man in the middle” attack. An attacker finds a public Wi-Fi hot spot where multiple devices are logging in. The basic idea of CoffeeMiner is outlined below:
Apple posted an apology on its website — “We know that some of you feel Apple has let you down. We apologize.” — and said the reduced-price batteries would be available for the iPhone 6 and later for the duration of 2018. If you read the fine print, however, you’ll find that Apple will only replace a device’s battery for $29 once, MacRumors reports. If you get a new battery and find yourself needing another six months later — or its December 2018 and you were just hoping to spend $30 to extend the life of your outdated but totally functional iPhone 7 — you’ll have to pay full price. Which, mind you, is still cheaper than shelling out a grand for an iPhone X.
In the normal flow of traffic, things would look like this:
But a man-in-the-middle attack then tricks all of the other devices logging into a Wi-Fi hot spot to route their traffic through the attacker’s computer instead of directly into the Wi-Fi router, so traffic instead looks like this:
Hold on to your Amazon Echo Shows, there’s a new smart device in town. Or, at least, there will probably be soon. Facebook, according to a report on Tuesday from Cheddar, is reportedly getting into the smart-home game with a $499 device called Portal. “Facebook intends to pitch Portal as a way for families and friends to stay connected through video chatting and other social features,” Cheddar reports. The device is expected to ship in late 2018.
From Cheddar:
The device will also reportedly work with services like Netflix and Spotify. Now, it’ll just be a matter of time, price — Amazon’s Echo Show retails for $230, so Facebook’s device would be a significantly pricier choice — and, oh, right, seeing if people actually want to let Facebook into their homes to watch them. Given that Facebook founding president Sean Parker recently gave an interview in which he said Facebook was built to exploit human vulnerability and “consume as much of your time and conscious attention as possible,” Facebook’s chances seem good. Plus, Mark Zuckerberg reportedly told employees that he doesn’t care if the Portal doesn’t make Facebook any money. It’s supposed to “change user behavior and encourage phone-like usage among owners.” Love to have a tech giant change human behavior!
Also, and this is apropos of absolutely nothing, now seems like a good time to mention that Mark Zuckerberg — a man now trying to sell you cameras for your home — apparently tapes over his own laptop’s camera for privacy.
Snapchat has a case of the Mondays. That is to say, on Mondays the average number of snaps posted to stories drops to a low of 182 million. This is compared to the week’s average high: 266 million on Sundays. Snap’s average story-post number doesn’t crack 200 million again until Friday. People, apparently, just don’t have much to share with their followers on weekdays. Not great news for a social-media app built on getting people to share their every move, thought, and selfie. These are just a few of the numbers uncovered in a new report from Taylor Lorenz at the Daily Beast, charting out the last five months of Snapchat’s user data. Snapchat, at least as judged by several pages of charts, many of them with downward or stagnant trends, is struggling.
Perhaps the most surprising is that Snapchat’s Map — a new feature the company introduced back in June 2017 that lets users see where their friends are and watch snaps from other users all over the globe — has struggled to find its footing. After the initial hype died down — we here at Select All wasted a solid number of hours playing with it last spring — daily map opens, according to the Daily Beast’s data, consistently fell from June to September. In Snap’s defense, daily sent snaps increased from April to September, as did the average number of snaps posted to story per user. Users are definitely vested in using Snapchat for the latter part of its name; daily chat messages sent are also on the rise. But for every chart that holds steady or ticks upward, there’s another ticking down. Only 20 percent of users are watching content in Snapchat’s Discover section, which means that while publishers are buying into Snapchat for its 178 million active users, they likely aren’t going to reach that many people — not even by half. (Discover views were trending upward between June and September, according to this data, but not with any sort of impressive curve.) Just 11 percent of the 178 million active users open the Snap Map daily. Again, not great if only a fraction of users are bothering to check in on something that’s supposed to be one of Snap’s core features.
Snap, once the darling of the app world, has continually floundered post-IPO. Earlier this year, the company announced that it would be redesigning its infamously confusing app to be more user-friendly, and that it was losing $39.9 million on Spectacles, the company’s smart glasses, which marked Snap’s first step into hardware, after significantly overestimating demand. Meanwhile, Snap’s competition — Instagram Stories — continues to dominate, with more users spending time on Instagram Stories in total than they do on Snapchat. A little under a year ago, teens told Select All that they were still loyal to Snap because Instagram was nothing more than a cheap imitation of their beloved app. Today, it seems like the pendulum has swung the other way — it did for me, when I caved to the siren call of Instagram Stories in August, after refusing for a full calendar year. Snap better hope that redesign swings the pendulum back again.
The letter, from JANA Partners and CalSTRS, the California teacher pension system, criticized Apple’s current controls for taking an “all or nothing” approach to moderating a user’s activity. Parents can manage, for instance, time spent on a device, but not time spent within certain apps.
In response to a letter from activist investors over the weekend, Apple has responded with a brief statement paying lip service to the concerns. The primary issue was how excessive smartphone use might be affecting kids and teens, and how Apple’s current set of parental controls are ill-equipped to help parents manage their children.
Though Apple rarely issues public statements, the letter from investors (who control $2 billion in Apple stock), clearly caught the company’s attention. Today, it issued a statement that reads in part:
In other words, “Yeah, yeah, whatever; we’re working on it.”
Last week, Amazon put up one hell of a lightning deal: AirPods, for just $20! That’s a pretty good deal considering a fresh, new pair of Apple’s wireless earbuds would usually cost you $160 — and an incredible deal considering the discount that Amazon was offering, $980 off of the list price of $1,000.
The deal, brought to our attention by Splinter’s Libby Watson, seemed too good to be true. Surely, this 98 percent discount on one of this holiday season’s hottest tech items wasn’t just a marketing tool used to move cheap Bluetooth earbuds made in and sold wholesale from China. After all, the steep discount was a featured Amazon Lightning Deal, a section of the site that the retail giant takes seriously, where deals pop up and you have to act fast or miss out on those savings forever.
The one big catch with these earbuds is that is was actually an earbud — you only got one. The right earbud, to be specific.
It’s not tough to see what’s going on here. Before its Amazon account was suspended (as it currently appears to be), electronics brand Hhusali was probably able to move a decent amount of fake AirPods. Or, as its official product listing describes them, “Bluetooth Earbud, Wireless Earbud In-Ear headphones Earpiece Earphone for iphone 8, 8 plus, X, 7, 7 plus, 6s, 6S ,and Android Phones.”
Also helpful for enticing prospective customers were the totally real and not fake reviews offered up by supposed buyers. “So far so good, these have done better. Honest review,” wrote definitely real person Dean S. Hillyer in English, his native language.
“Nice item. Pretty product. I’m happy with our purchase,” Lisa Kaouss noted, her odd use of plural pronoun implying that she would be sharing her singular earbud with someone else.
Others were less than amused, with many buyers complaining that they had expected two earbuds, which is a totally reasonable expectation.
One buyer, Michael Valle, had this to say:
He gave it four stars.
The actual product being sold is known as the i7 earbud (version 4.1). While Hhusali’s listing is gone, for obvious reasons, you can still find it listed by other sellers for similar prices. They tout the earbud’s call-handling capabilities with musical copy such as “Hidden microphone to advanced technology for noise cancellaion [sic], in order to get high quality speech input.”
If you search for the i7 on Alibaba, the Chinese equivalent of Amazon that also allows distributors to buy in bulk, you can find dozens of listings for i7 earbuds, all of which sell for prices in the single digits per piece. If you bought one straight from Alibaba, you could up that 98 percent discount to somewhere like 99.4 or 99.6 percent.
So at least a few people got taken for a ride by a perfect storm of deceptive practices on Amazon’s marketplace platform, combined with dirt-cheap white-label products from a Chinese OEM. At least two of those ersatz AirPods, however, were purchased by intrepid tech bloggers here at Select All.
This is the Select All review of the Hhusali i7 earbud.
We were unable to find any specs listing the frequency response for the Hhusali i7 earbud, a measure of how well the earbud can reproduce high and low tones, so we have only our limited listening tests to go by. On Kendrick Lamar’s “All the Stars,” and Steely Dan’s “Aja” the bass response was both muddled and muted. High-end sounds were either tinny, overly sharp, or badly distorted. Midrange vocals came through somewhat more clearly, but began to distort when the volume increased even slightly — even the relatively sedate vocals on Big Thief’s song “Mythological Beauty” suffered from severe distortion when slightly increased in volume. The best metaphor we came up with for the sound quality was about what you’d get while being placed on hold with your cable company. You can clearly make out the song, but you’re not getting much of the details.
There was no noise cancellation for the earbud itself, a somewhat baffling design choice for an earbud sold and meant to be worn in only one ear. Volume overall was extremely low — even at full volume, the earbud simply didn’t get that loud. This may be due to its relatively high speaker impedance of 32 ohms — we’d suggest in future versions perhaps lowering that number to something more like 25, even if it means sacrificing some battery life. Similarly, there was no Dolby Atmos support, and spatial separation was completely nonexistent. If you’re looking for a single right earbud for movie night, the Hhusali i7 isn’t it.
Ad copy found on the Amazon page says the Hhusali i7 earbud has “Build-in HD Mic and DSP intelligent noise reduction, CVC 6.0 noise cancellation to improve the quality of voice calls, enables you to call clearly at any place.” DSP here likely means digital signal processing, while CVC may refer to a suite of algorithms developed by Qualcomm to help with ambient-noise cancellation.
Unfortunately, in real-world testing, the Hhusali i7 did not hold up well. When calling someone in a quiet office, we were able to hear the person on the other end of the line quite clearly, but were told that sound picked up by the Hhusali i7’s mic sounded “weird” and “a little echoey, almost like you’re underwater.” Perhaps Hhusali needs to consider that further refinement is needed both in DSP intelligent noise reduction and CVC 6.0 noise cancellation.
We have to give the Hhusali i7 points for simplicity in control and design. The earbud fits firmly in your right ear — a vigorous head shake didn’t dislodge the i7. Pairing is initiated by powering on the earbud and holding the single button on the earbud down. (A heads-up: Be careful to not double-click during this step, as it’s possible to set the earbud’s spoken language to Chinese — as noted by reviewer Michael Valle above.) Once you’re paired, a single button press begins playing music, and another button press pauses it. If you get an incoming call, pressing the button once picks up, and pressing the button twice hangs up the call. Pressing the button for five seconds turns the earbud off altogether.
However, there did not seem to be an automatic shutoff function for the Hhusali i7 — a shame considering that it only has about three to four hours of battery life. There’s also the somewhat baffling design decision to have the earbud continuously flash blue while in use, which is both distracting to those around you and at least a small drain on its battery life. There’s also no low-battery warning for the earbud — when the battery is drained, it simply stops working.
The earbud uses the Bluetooth 4.1 standard with Enhanced Data Rate. Indoors, we found that the headphones had a range of about ten meters with few obstructions. However, while later testing at our desk, we experienced several drops in audio — perhaps due to the interference of nearby Wi-Fi antennas or other radio signals. Out on the streets of Manhattan, sound quality degraded much further — the i7’s effective range dropped to about one meter.
As promised, the i7 was also able to connect to two separate devices at once. However, despite buying two Hhusali i7 earbuds, there is no way to use both at the same time. The right earbud easily falls out of the your left ear when right-side up. It fits a bit better if you put the earbud in upside down, but the larger issue is that nearly every phone and device on the market only allows one Bluetooth audio device to be connected at a time. If you thought you could simply buy two Hhusali i7s and experience sound in both ears (we did), you’re in for a rude awakening.
The earbud sports a solid 60 mAh battery for three to four hours of active battery life, but is charged by a USB 2.0-A to DC5V-2a power cable — an extremely obscure type of charger. Losing the single Hhusali i7 earbud would be bad enough, but losing the power cable may be even worse — it’s not easy to find these things.
In the end, our experience with the Hhusali i7 earbud was “pretty bad.” “It’s really dumb that we did this” was a common sentiment, as was “Will the company reimburse us for this?” (Answers to that last question are, as of yet, not forthcoming.) There are plenty of other wireless earbuds that you could buy for a similar price that don’t sound like listening to a concert from inside of a swampy Dumpster a quarter-mile from the venue. Also, you’d get one for each ear.
Overall, we’d say the Hhusali i7 is a 7.3 out of 10.
Pros
Cons
Logan Paul has been MIA since he and his pals decided it would be a good idea to share a video last week of an apparent suicide victim found hanging from a tree in a forest in Japan. Backlash against Paul was, unsurprisingly, swift and the YouTuber quickly — not so quickly that the video couldn’t be viewed by millions around the world beforehand — deleted the video, posted an apology, and stepped away from the internet to “reflect.” During the incident’s peak last week, YouTube had relatively little to say about Paul, the video, and any potential violations of the company’s Terms of Service. It offered only a short statement offering condolences to the family of the deceased and saying the platform “prohibits violent or gory content posted in a shocking, sensational, or disrespectful manner.” It did not say if Paul’s video was being deemed as such. Today, the company posted an open letter — in the form of a tweetstorm — offering a bit, and only just a bit, more information regarding the situation.
While it’s certainly better than YouTube’s original statement on the Logan Paul Aokigahara incident, YouTube still isn’t really saying much of anything here. The word “sorry” does not appear in the open letter. YouTube is not apologizing for letting Paul’s content — effectively a snuff film — circulate on the platform for as long as it did. Nor is it apologizing for promoting the video under the platform’s trending tab as it became more and more “popular” before Paul eventually deleted it.
This raises further questions: Because Paul deleted the video, we presume, of his own accord, YouTube saying it “acted accordingly” doesn’t really hold much weight here. It’ll all come down to what the company decides about those “further consequences.” Being that Paul is one of YouTube’s biggest names — and likely, prior to last week, one of its biggest revenue generators — he won’t be kicked off the platform for good. (Despite many, many cries from the #LoganPaulIsCancelled types on Twitter.) Unfortunately, YouTube seems to be taking a page out of Twitter’s book with this open letter … that is saying you’re going to be making some changes in the coming weeks and months but not providing any sort of detail about what those aforementioned changes are.
You know the feeling when you step outside of your apartment in the morning and it’s cold and gross and maybe even snowing, and all you want to do is turn back around and head back up the five flights of stairs to your bed and never leave? These horses also know the feeling. Except, because they’re horses and not, well, people, they can actually bail on going outside when the weather is nasty, and nobody will care. Because they’re horses. With that expert explanation of the difference between a horse and a human … please enjoy this very short clip of two horses deciding in record time that they have no interest in being outside in the snow.
These guys know what’s up.
Last fall, an estimated 23 million people watched Jeopardy, a 53-year-old show, each week. Nowadays, HQ Trivia — which is less than a year old at this point — is reaching 10 million significantly younger eyeballs per week, and as such, its most popular host, Scott Rogowsky, like Jeopardy’s Trebek, is the subject of much public intrigue.
In this special HQ Troll Edition, hear Rogowsky ask no questions and instead answer his trolls and fans’ most pressing questions, like whether he’s their daddy.
Ride-share company Uber has reached a settlement with more than 2,400 New York City drivers who sued Uber for underpaying them. The $3 million settlement comes amid substantial corporate change as Uber, equipped with a new CEO, tries to change its image from that of a shady and exploitative corporate manipulator.
According to Reuters, the drivers said that Uber included sales tax and a workers’ compensation fee when calculating how much it owed drivers, inflating the company’s cut. The drivers also accused Uber of falsely guaranteeing that new drivers would make $5,000 “guaranteed” in their first month, without disclosing caveats.
In proposing the settlement, which still has to be approved by a judge, Uber admits no wrongdoing. A $3 million settlement split among 2,421 drivers would tally up to a little over $1,200, before attorneys’ fees. In May, Uber admitted to underpaying thousands of drivers for years, eventually settling for more than $80 million.
How many nerds does it take to change a light bulb? Okay, how about every light bulb in the Las Vegas Convention Center? Earlier on Wednesday, the power went out at CES — an annual tech trade show that those in the industry love to hate — leaving everybody in the dark. I’d try to describe it to you, but honestly, you’re better off just looking at the photos and videos people who are there posted on Twitter. There’s something truly delicious about a room full of tech folks who are, quite literally, powerless.
CES has been tweeting about the situation and notes that the outage is contained to only a few of the halls at the venue, including the main “central” hall. Other parts of the venue are still illuminated or have had their power restored.
Shame that Ajit Pai wasn’t there to experience the chaos. The FCC chair canceled his scheduled CES visit last week after reportedly receiving death threats.
Today, Twitter reached an important milestone in its work to curb harassment on its platform. Last year, the company announced a road map for features and penalties that it would enact in order to make things less toxic — that include unverifying some users, purging others, and updating its violation-reporting systems.
January 10 marks the end of that calendar, with Twitter rolling out a better way for users to keep track of reports they’ve filed. The company announced the update, as usual, in a tweet.
Hey … wait a minute … who is @exampleuser1? Zoom in …
Now enhance …
It’s Waluigi, the fun-loving if slightly dastardly henchman from the Super Mario series. This is very rude to Waluigi! He is not a white supremacist, as far as we know. For one thing, he has only one L on his hat, rather than the four Ls that make up your standard swastika. Let’s just hope that now, having been found guilty of Twitter crime, Waluigi has not been radicalized.
Danish PC researcher Anders Fogh was one of many researchers who circled in on the Spectre and Meltdown vulnerabilities found on nearly every CPU chip, with Intel being hit especially hard. After reading his blog post about how so many people poked at the same problem for years, I called him one afternoon to learn more.
(Before we start, a brief refresher. Meltdown is a massive vulnerability on nearly every Intel chip made since 1995, but is largely being fixed with software patches. Spectre is more difficult to exploit, but will likely be with us for years — if not decades — because the only true way to fix it is by replacing your CPU. Both exploits allow a malicious user to access data, whether that’s your password, credit-card number, or just your personal photos stored on a cloud server.)
If we’re wrong, we try to figure out why this isn’t happening the way it’s supposed to. It’s a very tedious process, with reading a lot of stuff, getting an idea of how could this actually be working inside a CPU, what effects would this have on software, and writing a software that proves or disproves the theory and then repeat forever.
Then we start making hypotheses: What kind of effects would this have on a piece of software? And then we write the software and check if we’re right. If we’re right, we move on.
One of the responses a lot of people had with Meltdown and Spectre is that every chip — with a few exceptions — made since 1995 was fundamentally broken, and yet it took 22 years for these vulnerabilities to become public. Why’d it take so long? Is it just that these are such complex machines that understanding every single part of what’s going on is just too much for one person?I don’t believe anybody understands what’s going on everywhere inside of a modern CPU. There’s just way too much information. In this specific case, I think a lot of it has to do with that research into CPUs is not a new phenomenon, but it has been picking up in recent years. People like to search for things where they know there’s going to be a weakness, and where it’s easy to find, so you have this thing, that the CPUs are black boxes, but we can actually see what’s going on in software — you can take a disassembler and look at what’s inside. So that scared a lot of research people away from taking a look at processors.
To me, a layman, it’s odd that CPUs require so much research, since the architecture is designed by humans. Why do they require so much outside research to sort of understand what they’re doing?Because CPUs are remarkably complex. So to build a CPU, what you do is, you take a handful of sand, bit of epoxy, a tiny bit of metal, and a bit of pixie dust, and you stir it all together and you get this machine that basically runs our world today. You can imagine that that process has to be very, very complex. So down at the lowest level you have to deal with quantum phenomena; at the next level you have heat dissipation; on the next level you have to connect everything; and then the next level and next level all the way up, you actually have a piece of silicon that takes instructions, and that just turns out to be incredibly complex. For scale, a modern CPU, not even the newest and the biggest, has about 5 billion transistors in them. The Saturn V rocket that took man to the moon has about 3 million. So this is a really ridiculously complex machine, and they have been developed for longer than I have been alive.
So was it that as software security increased, suddenly the black box of CPU — which looked so difficult 20 years ago — is now worth exploiting if you’re a bad actor within the space?Surely. There’s a connection between software problems that are getting more and more difficult to pick and people looking elsewhere.
So it’s sort of the idea that, for a while, software research into malware was relatively easy while CPU-level exploits were incredibly hard?Yeah, in the beginning, back when I started playing with these things, it was a running joke that if you could find a specific kind of string operations that are abundant in programs, you had an exploit. It was just a matter of figuring out how it worked. It’s not like that anymore, but that’s how it was around the year 2000. So why would you bother doing all this black-box research into a CPU if you can just throw it into a disassembler and you have your exploit? But software has become progressive and more difficult, on the one hand, and the entire security sector has also grown immensely over the past couple of years.
Looking out to the future, chips are only going to get more complex. Can CPU research keep up?Yeah, chips will get more complex, but our understanding of what security means in chips is growing as well. I think security in chips is going to be something that’s going to stay with us for a very long time — if not forever — and I think some of the problems may also be intrinsic to how chips work.
So even if Spectre-infected chips are redesigned in a way that Spectre isn’t an issue, there are basic side-channel security vulnerabilities that may always be with us.The first side channel that I know of is from 1973 and it still works. It’s a ridiculously simple side channel, and it’s not much of a security problem, but it’s still there.
Taking a step back, I’ve seen people writing that Spectre and Meltdown are a result of chip manufacturers favoring speed over security.I’m not sure because I’m not really a CPU designer and the topic is ridiculously complex, but my guess is that they could have done something relatively easy. I’m not trying to say that Intel can do something about it in a short time frame because that’s an entirely different question, but I would guess they were taken by surprise by that.
When it comes to CPU research, I understand part of it is tremendously difficult, but it also seems like it’s difficult to make money from doing it?Monetizing this research is fairly difficult. There’s the official way to monetize this kind of research like bug bounties, but there’s a lot of risk, and most bug bounties are about $1,000. You can’t make a living off of $1,000, especially if you’re not sure that you’ll find anything. This is something that’s limited to people who have clients who pay for penetration testing and stuff like that, and then universities and hobbyists.
As you said, there’s a side channel from 1973 that’s still in existence, so it doesn’t fill you with a ton of optimism.I mean, the point is that we’ve known about these software exploits for a long time now. We’ve not been able to fix them, but the world’s still running. Yeah, even that is a really bad software exploit. I think the point is here that there is an amount of risk that is acceptable or at least workable. I have no problems with that, that we still have the side channel in our computers. And I think that is the direction that Spectre is going to go. It’s just going to get less and less relevant as the big issues get fixed, but the more smaller and less important issues are probably going to remain with us.
In the near future, it seems like Meltdown is a problem that will slowly get patched up, but do you have any read on how long it takes for a problem like Spectre to go away or not be a potential vulnerability?I think it’s going to be a very long time before Spectre is entirely dead, it’s already very difficult to use and that’s going to get more difficult with time, and the things that you can do with it are going to gradually become less and less, but a total eradication of the problem is very far, a long time away I think.
Before we get started, could you just give me a broad idea of what CPU research is?CPU research is a lot of documentation reading. We dig down in the documentation and what other people have found out, and then we make a theory about how something may work.
So it’ll be like the common cold. We’ll never get rid of it, but very few people die from it.I think it’s probably more like tuberculosis. There was a time where it was really, really bad, but now we have penicillin. But tuberculosis is still not something you want to catch.
In a move that should concern privacy advocates, Apple announced earlier this week when it would migrate China-based iCloud accounts to a hosting company owned by the Chinese government. The company plans to hand hosting operations over to Guizhou on the Cloud Big Data by the end of February.
He is located in China, but his account is registered to a U.S. address and is paid for with U.S. currency. Apple said it is migrating their accounts based on location, regardless of the account’s settings.
TechCrunch says there is a convoluted way of opting out, however. It goes like this:
A new wrinkle appearing this morning, TechCrunch reports, is that some customers who are not China-based appear to have been swept up in the migration. One Apple user posted the migration notice on Twitter last night.
Of course, you probably don’t have to worry about this because you’re probably not a Chinese Apple customer. But it is a demonstration of how much control Apple is willing to give the government in order to maintain its position in a vital market.
The move, Apple says, will “improve the speed and reliability of our iCloud services products while also complying with newly passed regulations that cloud services be operated by Chinese companies.” That makes sense on its face, but it also means substantial privacy compromises to host data, even encrypted data, on servers controlled by a government with an enormous cybersurveillance apparatus. By default, iOS-device backups are stored in iCloud, making backups automatic and easy, but also keeping a bundle of your device’s data on hardware that you don’t own. It’s why, for instance, governments can request access to a web-hosted email account by going through a service provider like Google, rather than the account’s supposed owner.
From spring 2015 to the end of 2016, Uber, according to a report from Bloomberg, used a secret program called Ripley to lock and wipe computers in its offices in the event of a raid. This included a 2015 visit to Uber’s offices in Montreal where officers arrived with a warrant to take Uber files to investigate the company’s possible tax-law violations. Except, when the authorities showed up … there was nothing to take. Because with one phone call to San Francisco, Uber’s devices became nothing more than hunks of plastic and metal.
Uber employees, Bloomberg reports, were instructed to call particular staff at the SF office who were trained to remotely lock the computers and change passwords. The program was known internally as Ripley, a reference to a line from Sigourney Weaver’s character in Alien. “Nuke the entire site from orbit. It’s the only way to be sure.” Ripley was used over 20 times around the world, sources told Bloomberg, including incidents in Amsterdam, Brussels, Hong Kong, and Paris.
This isn’t the first time in recent memory that Uber has come under fire for secret programs used to work around authorities. (It’s worth noting that several sources told Bloomberg that Ripley’s use was justified in certain scenarios where law enforcement sought records without a warrant.) In 2017, the New York Times revealed a software called Greyball, which the company used to monitor the locations of officers who might hinder Uber’s business and make sure that they were never picked up by an Uber. Uber announced that it would no longer be using Greyball a month later.
After a year of protesting, I gave in this summer and started using Instagram Stories like everybody else I know and every celebrity I don’t. And then I figured out what all those people had already known for a year: Instagram Stories are extremely good. I’ve since embarked on a personal quest to find every aesthetic hack and trick there is to find. Which is what led me to a third-party app called Hype Type, which lets you add animated captions over your photos and videos before you upload them to your story (only available on iOS for now, sorry). The first time I used it — a thrilling clip of the arrival of a much-delayed subway — I promptly received several DMs from friends asking, “How did you do that?” Well, friends, this is how I did that.
At the beginning of January, Vanity Fair ran an excerpt from Emily Chang’s forthcoming book about Silicon Valley culture, Brotopia. The short passage published by the magazine included details of a “‘party on the edge of the earth’ at the home of a wealthy venture capitalist” in June 2017, which included a — gag — “cuddle puddle.” Today, Axios published another short excerpt, which claims that particular party’s host was Steve Jurvetson. Jurvetson left his role at Draper Fisher Jurvetson — the VC firm he co-founded — in November 2017 amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Earlier this year, which we’re only 11 days into, Logan Paul got in trouble for posting something very stupid on YouTube. He went to a forest in Japan that’s well-known for the suicides that take place there and filmed the aftermath of a recent one. Predictably, and understandably, he got in trouble for it. Yesterday, Google dropped him from their top tier of advertising (where the biggest clients are) and put on hold productions that he was involved in for its subscription service, YouTube Red.
Last week, I argued that the Logan Paul controversy was a watershed moment for YouTube, and that as more scrutiny is applied to these unfathomably large information distributors and social networks — Facebook, Twitter, Google, among others — YouTube is now getting its time under the microscope. YouTube is not going away. It’s too big, too central to the modern internet. But it is going to change fundamentally, as the behavior of its biggest stars and the glut of unmoderated content continue to attract concern.
That YouTube is powered by technology that is ruthlessly efficient at holding attention shouldn’t surprise anyone. At CES this week, the company explained just how effective it actually is. Speaking on a panel, as reported by CNET, chief product officer Neal Mohan threw out a few stats. On mobile, viewing sessions on YouTube last more than 60 minutes. That’s a fraction of the five hours the average American spends watching TV every day, but YouTube viewership skews young, and presumably, demographic and industry changes will lead to online video taking the place of traditional TV at some point.
Mohan threw out another even more important stat: According to its data, 70 percent of time spent on YouTube is determined by automated recommendations. In other words, the videos that the site compels users to watch, and keeps them on the site and watching, are chosen by algorithmic means. For the majority of their time spent on YouTube, users aren’t directing the viewing experience — YouTube is.
On the other hand, YouTube doesn’t want to get into the business of moderating its platform or determining what users can or can’t say or depict. To do so is costly, and counter to the company’s eventual goal of eliminating human feedback entirely (though the company did announce its intent to hire 10,000 more people to review content on the site, a PR tactic that’s become a regular occurrence in the last year). To compare it to standard television, YouTube wants to determine what makes it to air, but not what gets green-lit.
Just like Facebook, YouTube seems to want all of the benefits without any of the responsibility. It derives ad revenue from its most popular users, and its automated systems are, on most occasions, responsible for determining what users watch. This effectively incentivizes YouTube to recommend videos that have the most lucrative advertisers attached to them. That would explain why, according to Bloomberg, YouTube recently conceived of a plan to vet content specifically made by popular creators.
So, sure, the popular kids at the top of the YouTube food chain bear some responsibility. The other party, reluctant to take responsibility, is YouTube the company. YouTube is not just people getting into feuds and trying to one-up each other. The entire culture is powered by a confluence of search algorithms and computer-determined recommendations.
The media fervor over what Logan Paul did would lead you to believe that he is the disease, and not merely a symptom of it. As my colleague Madison Malone Kircher wrote last week, the culture of the megapopular YouTube influencer was always headed in this direction. The internet’s freedom (and relative freedom from consequence) has allowed people to embarrass themselves online for decades. Why stop now?
The point is: YouTube is responsible for the systems it has put in place. It is still (understandably) boasting about these systems’ ability to determine what people see, hear, and experience on a site that young people are spending hours on every day. It is not difficult to argue YouTube’s ability to influence its audience’s thought and debate and morality and perception of truth — the company has practically admitted so itself.
It’s a situation analogous to the algorithmically sorted Facebook News Feed, a system that keeps you coming back to see things that it believes you want to see, making choices about what you see and what you don’t.
According to Axios, Jurvetson’s invitation described his home as “Casa Jurvey by the Sea” and asked guests to wear “glamazon adventurer, safari chic and jungle tribal attire.” The second excerpt appears to corroborate details in a Medium post — “That party was way worse than it sounds” — published earlier this week by entrepreneur and engineer Paul Biggar who says he attended the “edge of the earth” party, and after receiving his invite, texted his co-founder saying he believed he had been invited to a “sex party.” Biggar says the party was an official event hosted by Jurvetson’s firm and served as an after-event for its “annual summit.” The guests in attendance, according to Biggar, allegedly included Elon Musk, Jason Calacanis, and “an even bigger billionaire founder than Elon Musk.” Musk told Business Insider he did attend, but thought the event was a corporate costume party and left at without seeing any sex. “Nerds on a couch are not a ‘cuddle puddle,’” Musk told Wired. Guests were shuttled from the summit to the party by the firm. “I can confirm many of the details at the party. The invite, the investor whose house it was, the decor and setup for the cuddle puddle,” Biggar writes. “I’ve since spoken to Emily Chang and nothing she said is at odds with what I saw.”
From Vanity Fair:
Tech industry billionaire Peter Thiel has, according to Reuters, placed a bid for the remaining assets of Gawker Media. Should he succeed in acquiring the company’s remaining assets, he will likely take the site offline for good, capping a decade-plus-long secret war against the famous (and infamous) gossip blog.
Should Thiel purchase the site, his ownership will be the latest event in a dark chapter for press freedom in America, in which a billionaire funded an outside lawsuit concerning a truthful piece of information, exploiting the court system to bleed a publication dry before it could appeal the verdict (First Amendment cases are often won on appeal) and then buy its corpse. Thiel has denied funding other lawsuits against former Gawker Media sites, but the attorney he hired, Charles Harder, is the legal representation in a few of them.
A few years after that, Gawker published commentary on and edited excerpts from a sex tape of Hulk Hogan. Hogan, represented by attorney Charles Harder, sued the site, owner Nick Denton and the post’s author, A.J. Daulerio, claiming that the post violated his privacy. During the trial, Hogan’s legal team dropped the one charge that would have been covered by Gawker’s insurance policy, making them much more financially vulnerable should they lose. Suspicious! At this point, rumors began circulating that Hogan might have a mysterious benefactor bankrolling his legal case.
Thiel is well-known and, somehow, still well-respected among Silicon Valley’s leaders, despite his attack on the free press and despite throwing in with the Trump campaign (he spoke at the RNC and then advised the presidential transition). Despite his efforts to suppress voices that he disagrees with, he remains one of eight members on the board of Facebook, the most powerful information-distribution network in the modern world.
Eventually, in the spring of 2016, a jury found in favor of Hogan, and awarded him a staggering $140 million in damages, enough to bankrupt the company. Around the same time, Thiel revealed that he was the one funding Hogan. In August of 2016, all of the Gawker Media sites save for Gawker.com were purchased by Univision. Gawker.com was placed in stasis, its archive still online. Now, that archive is up for auction, and Thiel has submitted a bid to buy it.
It is not known how much Thiel bid on the website, and the bankruptcy-plan administrator does not necessarily have to select the highest bid. Thiel can, however, ask a judge to step in if his bid is significantly higher.
To recap: More than a decade ago, the Gawker subsidiary Valleywag published the fact that Peter Thiel is gay, a fact that was not a secret among Silicon Valley, but not necessarily known to the wider world. Thiel was not pleased, at one point likening Gawker writers to terrorists.
Furthermore, should Peter Thiel acquire the site, he will own some of the first, trailblazing coverage of celebrities currently under scrutiny amid the #MeToo movement, including posts about Harvey Weinstein and Louis C.K. Gawker also famously put renewed attention on the lengthy history of sexual-assault allegations against Bill Cosby. Thiel will control some of the most scathing coverage of the rich and powerful, including articles about himself and the current president of the United States. He will also control the fate of blog posts like “Why No Orange Pie?”
Snapchat announced that it would be redesigning its app back in November, in an attempt to make it more user-friendly. (Also in an attempt to stop the company from hemorrhaging any more money.) In a letter to investors, CEO Evan Spiegel noted that changes to the app would likely be “disruptive” to the company’s business, at least at first. “We’re willing to take that risk for what we believe are substantial long-term benefits to our business.” Early reviews — read: Snapchat’s Twitter mentions — are in and, well, Spiegel was right. This is definitely going to hurt Snapchat in the near future. Which is to say, people in the United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada — the only places where the redesign is as yet available — really don’t seem to like the new Snapchat.
TechCrunch analyzed the reviews of the newest version of the app in the Apple App Store and found that 83 percent of them were negative. Popular terms in those reviews included “new update,” “Stories,” and “please fix,” Tech Crunch also reports. In Australia, Google searches for “how to get the old Snapchat back” have seen an increase. Snapchat hasn’t announced when the new app will be available in the United States. Enjoy it while you can.
Changes in the new Snapchat include the removal of the Stories page. All stories are now shown on the left panel — this is where you’ll see stories from people you follow and chats from friends you’ve been messaging with — of the app, and rather than using a chronological sort will now be sorted algorithmically. (Something app users historically love to complain about and then eventually get over.) The Discover section of the app will now integrate Snap Map and celebrity content alongside content from publishers.
In one of the most significant strategic shifts in recent memory, Facebook announced last night that it would tweak the News Feed algorithm that powers much of the site to put less of a focus on brands and Pages, and more of a focus on friends and family. Explaining the shift in — what else — a Facebook post last night, Mark Zuckerberg said, “The research shows that when we use social media to connect with people we care about, it can be good for our well-being. We can feel more connected and less lonely, and that correlates with long term measures of happiness and health.”
Ad rates and benchmarks have been set against the immensely powerful fire hose of traffic that Facebook is able to direct to websites, or to those sites’ content hosted on Facebook. But that referral traffic has begun to dip, and now it appears those eyeballs are never coming back. This can feel most perilous for companies that laid off all of their writers and did a “pivot to video.” It’s not difficult to see this as a significant middle finger to the publishers that Facebook always paid lip service to but never really needed. Though a slightly different experiment, Facebook began testing a system in some countries recently that moved publishers to an entirely different section of the service, and traffic referrals fell off a cliff. The media industry needs Facebook’s network a lot more than Facebook needs the media industry, and now we’re going to see the consequences of that lopsided relationship even more acutely.
Less focus on posts from brands and media also has another fun effect — curbing misinformation and fake news disseminated on the Facebook platform. It’s one thing to hear a crazy rumor from your uncle, and another thing entirely to hear it from TrumpResistanceArmy.biz. Along with the announced changes to News Feed, The Wall Street Journal reports that Facebook “is weighing another major change that could eventually elevate media outlets deemed more trustworthy compared with publishers considered less credible,” an interesting rumor considering that Facebook has long tried to avoid being an arbiter of truth.
News Feed rankings have always been influenced by users’ social graphs to a certain extent, but there are significant potential upsides to this approach. The News Feed as it stands right now can often feel like a feed without a soul — dominated by corporate brands and entities without any human personality. It can feel that way because, oftentimes, these brands pay to be there using Facebook’s ad-targeting technology. It can also feel less personal because, for years, Facebook tried to emphasize posting publicly for a wide audience.
In reality, few people actually want (or need) to build a public online brand — and it can certainly be awkward to do so in front of an online audience that includes your oldest friends, friends from college, your aunt, your boss, your ex-girlfriend, and that guy you met at a party a couple of times. It’s tough to cater to all of those audiences at once. This is why Facebook began overhauling and emphasizing its more intimate, semi-private Groups product earlier this year, and it’s why users are retreating in private-messaging and chat-room apps like Snapchat (whose most popular function continues to be private chat), Slack, and Discord. This is intentional: “As we roll this out, you’ll see less public content like posts from businesses, brands, and media,” Zuckerberg said last night.
The impact this friends-and-family change will have on the many, many companies that rely on Facebook as a source of web traffic is significant, and should cause a lot of hand-wringing over the coming months. For about half a decade, online media has basically become a race to see who can game the News Feed algorithm most effectively. Whatever format was weighted most heavily by Facebook as their News Feed flavor of the month was what publishers decided to do. There were the Instant Articles, there was live video, and there were the autoplaying, captioned clips — a format so transparently formatted for the News Feed that it became a genre unto itself.
Near the beginning of his announcement last night, Zuckerberg wrote this:
What this leaves out is Facebook’s direct role in the explosion of video and public content. Facebook weighted its News Feed algorithm so that video uploaded natively appeared more often than links to other sites. It threw billions of irrelevant public posts liked by friends into other users’ feeds in an attempt to create one big, public community instead of what the web really is — millions of private communities. The behavior on Facebook was dictated by the product changes that Facebook’s designers made.
These strategies — the emphasis on video, the emphasis on public brand-building — did not come about because Facebook’s individual users wanted them. They came about because Facebook saw them as opportunities for advertisers. It paid top publishers to use its video products to make them seem more appealing and en vogue to the average user. Users did not influence Facebook’s structure and design; Facebook’s strategic decisions dictated how users acted on the site. For Zuckerberg to shy away from talking about his precise ability to alter user behavior and instead claim to have arrived at this new stage “by looking at the academic research and doing our own research with leading experts at universities” is disingenuous, to say the least.
“With this update, we will also prioritize posts that spark conversations and meaningful interactions between people,” Adam Mosseri, head of the News Feed product, explained. “To do this, we will predict which posts you might want to interact with your friends about, and show these posts higher in feed.”
Insincere as it may be, however, at least we’ve gotten here. Facebook’s public posturing makes it seem less intent on shoving ads in your face, and showing you posts and pages you don’t care about. Hopefully, it will lessen Facebook’s burden as a distributor of news and information about the broader world, and recenter as a place to find out what your buds are up to. “By making these changes,” Zuckerberg wrote, “I expect the time people spend on Facebook and some measures of engagement will go down.” Taken alongside his comments last week about looking at a more decentralized internet, there may be hope (albeit muted) for Facebook yet.
It’s been over two years since engineer Jacky Alciné called out Google Photos for auto-tagging black people in his photos as “gorillas.” After being called out, Google promptly and profusely apologized, promising it’d fix the problems in the algorithm. “Lots of work being done, and lots still to be done,” tweeted Yonatan Zunger, chief architect of social at Google, according to CNET. “We’re very much on it.” It’s 2018, and it appears “on it” just meant a shoddy work-around that involved blocking all things the algorithm identified as “gorilla” from being tagged, just in case the algorithm opted to tag a black person again.
Wired uncovered the “fix” in a series of tests using 40,000 images containing animals and running them through Google Photos. “It [Google Photos] performed impressively at finding many creatures, including pandas and poodles,” the magazine reports. “But the service reported ‘no results’ for the search terms ‘gorilla,’ ‘chimp,’ ‘chimpanzee,’ and ‘monkey.’” The program was able to find some primates, including baboons, gibbons, and marmosets. Capuchin and colobus monkeys were also identified correctly, so long as the word monkey wasn’t included in the search. Searches for “black man” and “black woman” turned up photos of people of the chosen gender in black and white, rather than of a given race.
A Google spokesperson confirmed to Wired that several primate terms, including “gorilla,” are still blocked following the 2015 incident. “Image labeling technology is still early and unfortunately it’s nowhere near perfect,” the spokesperson said. It’s unclear if image-labeling tech is just “still early” — it’s been several years, you’d think Google could have figured some things out in that time — or if Google is just being careful to avoid being called racist, again. Alternatively, properly fixing Google Photos simply isn’t worth the money and the time to Google. It’s easier to slap a Band-Aid on it and pretend that gorillas — and much worse, black people — don’t exist in its photos.
Later this year, the Supreme Court will hear arguments against a 1992 case that is often cited as why online retailers do not have to collect a sales tax. According to Bloomberg, the court will review South Dakota v. Wayfair, in which the plaintiff argues that the current rules are costing state and local governments billions in revenue by being able to skirt around tax collection. In 2016, South Dakota passed a law requiring retailers with more than $100,000 in annual sales to pay 4.5 percent sales tax on those purchases.
How the court might rule in the case is up in the air, though the issue has been touched upon in recent years. In 2015, Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote of Quill:
The court is expected to issue a ruling before the current term ends in June.
Opposing South Dakota in this legal fight are online retailers Wayfair, Overstock, and Newegg, which say that comprehensive congressional reform is needed to resolve the issue. They also contend that overturning Quill would hurt small businesses. Amazon, the largest online retailer, used to resist collecting sales tax, but can no longer avoid doing so now that it has distribution centers in pretty much every state. It charges sales tax on items it sells, but not items sold via a third party on Amazon’s site.
The 1992 ruling in question regards Quill v. North Dakota, in which it was decided that only businesses with a physical footprint in a state could be required to collect a sales tax. As you’ve probably already noticed, 1992 was a long time ago, just before the dawn of e-commerce. According to the Government Accountability Office, state and local governments could have collected as much as $13 billion in sales tax in 2017 had they been able to require such.
A man was arrested this week for a swatting call — calling the authorities and reporting a made-up crime so that the police will descend on a victim’s home — which killed a man in Kansas, Andrew Finch, at the end of 2017. Tyler Barriss, 25, was charge with involuntary manslaughter, giving false alarm to authorities, and falsely reporting a felony, Kotaku reports. (Barriss was also recently charged in a different swatting incident in Canada.) He reportedly made the swatting call as part of a fight involving two people playing Call of Duty.
Finch’s death reportedly occurred after one Call of Duty player gave another a fake address and allegedly looped in Bariss to swat the address. When Barriss called the cops, he sent them to Finch’s house. Kansas police have not commented on what exactly occurred when Finch opened the door that prompted the officer to shoot him. That officer is currently on paid leave. Barriss’s bail is set at $500,00.
If you’ve watched any of your friend’s Instagram Stories over the last week, you’ve probably run into the Google Arts and Culture app a.k.a. “that thing everybody is using to compare their selfies to pieces of art.” We here at Select All wouldn’t want you to feel left out — unless you live outside the United States, in which case you’re going to be left out, since the feature is currently only available in the United States — so here’s a very quick explainer on how to use the app.
Step One: Download the Google Arts and Culture app.
This part is easy. Head to the app store. You know what to do.
Step Two: Open the app and scroll down until you see a whole bunch of artwork.
You’ll also see the question “Is your portrait in a museum?” This is where you want to be. Tap “GET STARTED” to, well, get started.
Step Three: Accept the terms and conditions.
Google says it “wont use data from your photo for any other purpose and will only store your photos for the time it takes to search for matches.” If this sounds agreeable, tap “I ACCEPT” in the lower, right-hand corner of the app screen.
Step Four: Take a selfie.
Again, pretty simple. The app’s selfie camera will pop up and there’s a clear “Take a photo” button at the bottom of the screen for when you’re ready to cheese. As a heads up, you can’t upload a previously taken selfie so you might want to consider a hairbrush or not doing this immediately after rolling out of bed. (I did not consider these things and I regret it.)
Step Five: Discover your doppelgänger.
Google will show you several art options the app believes look like you, including a work’s title and where it’s currently displayed in the world. Some of my options didn’t really speak to me, but others — I’m particularly fond of Rembrandt Laughing — I felt really captured something. However, none of my results returned with a higher than a 45 percent match. Maybe I’ll have to try this again post-shower and sans pajamas. Or maybe not. Maybe I really do just look like a jolly, old Dutch dude.
If you’re a UX designer in Hawaii it might be time to put in a call to the state’s Emergency Management Agency — they are in dire need of your help. After a false warning of an incoming ballistic missile sent people into bathtubs and storm drains and general states of (understandable) fear and panic for over half an hour on Saturday, it was later revealed that the alert had been sent in error. That’s awful, you might be thinking. How difficult is it to press the right button, the one that doesn’t send thousands of people into existential crises.
It seems it’s actually fairly difficult. According to a screenshot from Honolulu Civil Beat, the difference between sending a “This is a drill” alert and a “This is not a drill” alert is, well, just the word drill, written in all-caps in a blue font on a white screen.
Note that you are not looking at Craigslist in this photo. This is the actual interface that the real government uses to alert its citizens of likely nuclear catastrophe. The operator mistakenly pressed “PACOM (CDW) — State Only” when they should have clicked “DRILL — PACOM (CDW) — State Only.” Which isn’t great, for sure, if your job is to be the person clicking the buttons about potentially impending disasters. But also, this is as much a design problem as it is that one human’s error. How about putting the big, scary, “THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING” option in red. Or adding in a two-step confirmation — “Are you sure you want to alert all of Hawaii to an incoming missile” — requirement before sending the alert. On Twitter, BuzzFeed’s Kevin Collier also pointed out an AP story from last year which included now-removed photos of computers at Hawaii’s Emergency Management offices with visible passwords.
The system has, Honolulu Civil Beat reports, received one change following this weekend’s events. It now has a built-in “False Alarm” alert.
Logan Paul has been off the grid ever since he was criticized for vlogging the body of an apparent suicide victim hanging from a tree in a forest in Japan earlier this month. After removing the initial video — though not before it was viewed millions of times — he posted an apology on YouTube and tweeted that he’d be taking some time off to “reflect.” YouTube, after taking its sweet time, finally said it was considering consequences for Paul’s behavior. Since then, the company has announced that his new originals — Paul appears in a number of YouTube Red programs — and his channel will no longer be included in Google’s preferred-advertising program. (PewDiePie received the same punishment after posting videos with anti-Semitic content.)
True to his tweet, Paul has been quiet since the incident. However, a TMZ reporter caught him outside of an airport over the weekend and managed to get Paul to answer a few questions. Does he think he deserves a second chance? “Everyone deserves second chances, bro.” What has he learned from this whole mess? “Everything. So many things.” Does he think he’s been treated fairly? [Silent nodding.] And what is he doing for money? [Gestures to pink Logan Paul–branded sweatshirt that he was wearing to the airport.] Paul also said he’d have a message for YouTube in the near future. “It’s coming.”
In mid-October Página Siete, Bolivia’s third-largest news site, had a problem. Its Facebook traffic — like many publishers, one of the largest sources of traffic for the site — was falling off a cliff. Página Siete thought perhaps it had become the target of pro-government hackers, angered by what the hackers saw as Página Siete’s anti-government stance.
Facebook similarly experimented with with moving non-promoted posts from publishers in Slovakia, Sri Lanka, Serbia, Guatemala, and Cambodia completely out of its News Feed altogether.
But the culprit behind Página Siete’s plummeting traffic wasn’t hackers. It was Facebook itself. The company had decided to remove all of Página Siete’s content from the main News Feed page, and instead place it in the (much less seen) “Explore” tab.
But news on Thursday has made it clear clear that the future of News Feed will be posts from friends and family — not publishers. While Facebook says the changes it’s introducing won’t be the same as those seen in Bolivia or other countries in October, it has made it clear that changes are afoot. And it’s hard not to see this partly as the result of the increasing connection in many people’s minds between Facebook links and fake news.
“With this update, we will also prioritize posts that spark conversations and meaningful interactions between people,” said Adam Mosseri, head of the News Feed product. “To do this, we will predict which posts you might want to interact with your friends about, and show these posts higher in feed.”
But Facebook often seems to operate under the assumption that people only share fake information for financial gain. The truth is much more complicated. People often share fake information because they believe it to be true.
Which, up to a point, makes sense. There is little financial incentive for your birther uncle in Oklahoma or that one 9/11-truther friend from high school to share fake news — even when they are posting links to another site, they gain no money from doing so.
But what happened to those six countries may soon be happening across the world. Facebook is in the middle of what appears to be a sea change in its News Feed. After almost a decade of aggressively courting news publishers, whether by setting up internal teams meant to work directly with publishers, subsidizing efforts like Facebook Live video, or creating revenue-share deals through hosting publisher’s content Facebook’s Instant Articles, for many years it appeared that Facebook saw its fortunes tied to the success or failure of the international media ecosystem.
Just days after a similar goof in Hawaii, NHK television, a public broadcast network in Japan, issued several alerts on Tuesday morning warning people of an incoming missile attack from North Korea. “North Korea appears to have fired a missile,” NHK said, according to the Associated Press. “The government: Seek shelter inside buildings and basements.” The warning was issued on Twitter and NHK’s website, as well as through a push notification to anybody who uses the NHK app.
North Korea had not actually launched a nuke at Japan, and NHK was quick to correct the mistake. Only a few minutes later, users received a second notification informing them of the error and that there was no imminent danger. NHK, CNN reports, has apologized several times for the gaffe. Terrifying and not great, but hey, at least NHK figured things out in a matter of minutes. (Thus letting everyone in Japan go back to their usual levels of fear regarding potential North Korean missile tests and strikes.) Meanwhile, Hawaii’s Emergency Management Agency took over half an hour to figure out how to rescind its false alarm.
Despite the fact that the internet is borderless — just like, more or less, the multinational telecom conglomerates and platform software companies that hold most of its power — lawmakers would still like to assert some sort of control over the way it works within their borders. Reuters reports that lawmakers in the United States are pressuring American companies over their business ties with Chinese counterparts; in particular, AT&T is apparently being pushed to cut ties with Chinese phone manufacturer Huawei, owing to what are described as national-security concerns.
AT&T and Huawei have a number of existing and potential business ties: Huawei handsets are sold though AT&T’s subsidiary wireless service, Cricket, and the two companies are collaborating on the next iteration of mobile data speeds, 5G.
This week, two Republican members of the House of Representatives, Michael Conaway and Liz Cheney, introduced legislation that would prevent the U.S. government from doing business with Chinese phone manufacturers Huawei and ZTE. The overarching concern from national-security bodies is that phones from these companies will be insecure and place sensitive data in the hands of the Chinese government.
How phones from Chinese companies are different from phones that American technology companies design Stateside and then manufacture in China is not exactly clear. The global supply chain is such that, if it really wanted to, the Chinese government could regulate or infiltrate any hardware made within its borders. American companies aren’t necessarily less susceptible because of where their headquarters are located.
The Awl — a small network of websites, including the Hairpin, the Billfold, and the namesake flagship — announced this morning that it will cease publication at the end of the month. The announcement marks the latest in a string of small websites with loyal followings, unable to find a sustainable business model amid a rapidly changing digital-media industry often at the whims of tech-industry gatekeepers.
“For nearly a decade we followed a dream of building a better Internet, and though we did not manage to do that every day we tried very hard and we hope you don’t blame us for how things ultimately turned out,” the site’s editors write. The site — started by former Gawker editors Choire Sicha and Alex Balk in 2009, and closely read for nearly a decade by coastal media insiders (as well as a smaller but dedicated group of non-coastal non-media outsiders) — was one of a slew of smaller publishers to make the transition over to publishing platform Medium in 2017, finding subsidy and in search of a better business model. Alas, the site transitioned off of Medium after only a year.
The loss of the Awl means the loss of yet another smaller, looser, more adventurous site where young writers could establish their voice. Many of the bloggers you know and love — including writers and editors at the New York Times, The New Yorker, Slate, Vice, Vox Media, the remnants of what was once called Gawker Media Group, and, yes, New York — got a career kick-start with a byline or two at the Awl. It will be sorely missed.
All was quiet on the Facebook front for some users on Tuesday afternoon. The platform notified some users that there were “no more posts” to be had and showed them nothing but a blank News Feed. Which, honestly, sounds kind of nice.
The glitch comes after Facebook announced that it will be, once again, tweaking its algorithm. This time, the company says it will be shifting gears to show users more content from their friends and less content from brands and publishers. Or, maybe, this isn’t a glitch after all. Maybe a Facebook where publishers and brands aren’t front and center is just an empty News Feed. What humans actually post things on Facebook anymore?
Looks like political commentator Greta Van Susteren is gonna have to break out the Sorry App she created last year. Her Twitter account appears to have been compromised by “the Turkish cyber army” on behalf of the country’s leader, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as has Eric Bolling’s account.
In addition to that tweet and accompanying video, the account’s new owners changed her Twitter handle, unverifying her account in the process (not that being verified means, well, anything).
They also tweeted Erdogan’s go-to phrase, “the world is bigger than five,” which refers to the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. (The phrase is also beloved by Lindsay Lohan.)
They also strongly condemned the persecution of Turks and Muslims.
Former Fox News personality Eric Bolling appears to also have been hit by the crew, who tweeted that the world is bigger than five from his account as well.
Thanks to its early associations with dark net drug markets, there’s always been a whiff of the unseemly around Bitcoin and cryptocurrency. Shibuya, Tokyo–based exchange Mt. Gox, which at one point handled nearly 70 percent of all Bitcoin transactions, declared bankruptcy in 2014 after about $450 million of Bitcoin was lost due to some combination of theft, fraud, and mismanagement. And tales of garden variety Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency schemes are so commonplace they rarely make the national news — the digital equivalent of someone knocking over a local liquor store. Unsavory? Yep. Illegal? Sure. Newsworthy? Not so much.
Still, while many were openly calling BitConnect a scam for months, the site seemed to be going along swimmingly until the sudden downturn in the cryptocurrency market, which saw most major currencies lose around 20 percent of their average value. Ponzi schemes work great when money is coming in, but tend to fall apart when that same money wants to leave.
Still, amid all that, BitConnect has always stood out as particularly sketchy. Run anonymously, the cryptocurrency lending and exchange platform has been accused for nearly a year of being little more than a Ponzi scheme, thanks in part to its multilevel marketing structure. BitConnect would both “loan” you a certain amount of its own cryptocurrency, known as BCC, as well as give you a bonus if you could find more people who also wanted loans from BitConnect. In other words, the more people you got to sign up for BitConnect, the more BCC you got. Think of it like HerbaLife, but for cryptocurrency.
Despite this, BitConnect says it plans to move forward with an initial coin offering (ICO). “This is not the end of this community,” wrote whomever is behind BitConnect, “but we are closing some of the services on the website platform and we will continue offering other cryptocurrency services in the future. How much enthusiasm the site will find for its ICO remains a very open question.
In a post to its website late Tuesday evening, BitConnect said it would be shutting down, writing in a blog post that “continuous bad press,” two cease-and-desist letters from both Texas’s and North Carolina’s boards of securities, and DDoS attacks on the platform had led the site to decide to discontinue service.
The White House doctor deemed Donald Trump in “excellent” health this week. The president passed a cognitive test, and the White House announced that Trump is 75 inches tall — six feet, three inches — and weighs 239 pounds. That weight is, if you are the sort of person who is inclined to believe in BMI as an accurate indicator of health, just barely shy of “obese.”
On Twitter, people were quick to question Trump’s physical results. “People” included MSNBC’s Chris Hayes, who offered up the term “girther” as a description of anybody skeptical of the president’s purported measurements, which quickly became a hashtag used by anybody sharing pictures of Trump next to somebody else who reportedly weighs 239 pounds. James Gunn offered to donate $100,000 to “Trump’s favorite charity” if the president would publicly step on a scale. Mostly, it was just a lot of pictures of Trump compared to pictures of tall dudes in very good shape.
There’s a whole lot that could be going on here. It’s certainly possible that the White House fudged the numbers on Trump’s weight. But it’s more likely that Trump actually weighs 239 pounds, and comparing him to the 239-pound bodies of professional athletes is just skewing perceptions. Muscle, as the saying goes, weighs more than fat. It’s possible for the same amount of pounds to look very different on different bodies. BMI is considered absolute nonsense by many in the health industry, anyway.
Still, there is something to be said for the fact that the president, a 71-year-old man, appears to have grown an inch since 2012.
I feel a little panicky at the thought of picking one or two things. Because I assume you have already been sent “Negroni Season,” I’m going to go with “A Conspiracy of Hogs: The McRib As Arbitrage,” which did not, as far as I know, launch anyone’s career [editor’s note: It did. See Willy Staley, below], and it’s not an example of either Choire or Balk or Edith’s, like, VOICE, but it is the most I have ever learned about commodities, and it sort of put in mind the old cigarette-prices-in-every-state piece they used to run every year. This line: “Now, take a look at this sloppy chart I’ve taken the liberty of making.”
That’s the Awl, you know? So’s this one: “To this I say: but what about winter?” Charming self-interrogation in a thing about hog futures, that was the Awl. Be less stupid, they said, and it was less stupid, and I even learned a few things about pencils and pork prices and a number of different ways to make jokes, and I got to meet Carrie Frye, not in person, but it’s still pretty good. I was born there. I’m very sad today.
I was just clicking through the MM-HMM tag on the Awl and thinking that the Awl should be legally credited with inventing the following: Exclamation points, funny tags, good rhetorical questions, being oblique but not opaque, lightly overpromising something you have no intention of doing, professional generosity, and saying, “X! What can you do!” Or, at least, the Awl invented those things for me!
Jia Tolentino, staff writer, The New Yorker Former Hairpin editor and author of “Interview With a Virgin”
Emma Carmichael handed me a career in media as casually as a beer when she hired me, without ever having met me (at the time, I lived in Michigan for grad school), as her Hairpin co-editor in the summer of 2013. It was the best, dumbest job. I wrote about music for the first time with this stupid piece about the song “Rude.” The submissions inbox, full of emails from strangers, often felt like getting letters from friends in the mail. Some of my favorites that we ran: this list of fairy tales for the modern-day woman, by Renee Lupica; this personal essay on summer, by Taisia Kitaiskaia (who also wrote advice in the voice of Baba Yaga); and everything by Sarah Miller (I reread her constantly, for a pick-me-up, on edits from a women’s magazine, Upworthy, and David Brooks). Nothing, however, will ever top this piece by Toni Nagy about reverse-basting your boyfriend’s dickhole, an experiment I’ve somehow been forgetting to try for several years.
Heather Havrilesky, the Cut’s Ask Polly columnist and author of How to Be a Person in the World Author of, also, the Awl’s Ask Polly
Mallory Ortberg, former Toast editor and author of The Merry SpinsterAuthor of “Text Messages From a Ghost”
Yesterday, the Awl and the Hairpin, two of the most influential blogs on the internet over their near-decade runs (the Awl was founded in 2009; the Hairpin in 2010), announced that they would cease publication at the end of this month. There’s a decent chance you’ve never heard of either site — neither was ever as famous as the larger websites whose mastheads they filled with talent — and, possibly, never read some of the astonishingly good, funny, weird, and groundbreaking work both published. Never fear: Select All asked writers and editors from the Awl and the Hairpin to select, link to, and tell us about their favorite stories.
I was trying to figure out if I was allowed to be a writer, and felt as though half the places to write for operated by some secret set of New York rules that no one was letting me in on, and the other half were just not very good. But the Awl was very good! Funny and generous, engaged with the weird corners of the world, and also the boring corners. Always so smart, but not trying to bonk you over the head with its smartness. Self-reflective, but not self-obsessed. So many people contributed to setting that tone, but I particularly think that authors of every bit of good writing should bake a cake and send it to Carrie Frye.
Jay Kang, Vice correspondentAuthor of “Who Is the Greatest Diva of the Last 25 Years? We Offer Scientific Proof!”
I very much liked this Jacqui Shine piece about the NYT “Styles” section (so meta; so many levels). It encapsulated so much of what the Awl was about — a place for writers I was unfamiliar with to really stretch out and attack pieces without worrying about institutional expectations or the creeping careerism that infects so many mid-career writers. In true Awl fashion, it was smart, reported, and better than anything I had read on the subject.
Natasha Vargas-Cooper, freelance writerAuthor of “The End of the 00s: How to Lose Your Idealism in Under Ten Years”
This is the best piece of sports writing I’ve ever read, Katie Baker.
And further:• Every time Choire Sicha wrote about writing or publishing or quitting your job.• Anytime Alex Balk wrote about aging and the crushing pressure of life, often described “like a wave.”• My conversations with Julie Klausner (whom I owe a great apology).• Matthew Gallaway on art and emotion.• Mary H.K. Choi on women, sweat, and color.• Emily Gould on being Emily.• David Bry on decency.• Chris Lehmann on money.• Ken Layne on mystery.
There are countless more, but that’s the solid core of people who will forever have my admiration and loyalty.
NEGRONI SEASON. NEGRONI SEASON. NEGRONI SEASON.
Sam Biddle, technology reporter, the InterceptAuthor of “Diary of an Unemployed Class of ‘10 Philosophy Major in New York City”
DCist, the first place that ever published something I wrote, was recently killed by a spiteful billionaire. Gawker, the first place that ever paid me to write, suffered the same fate about a year earlier. Now the Awl, the first website that took a chance on publishing me when I was just some dipshit recent college grad (I am now a dipshit 31-year-old) is dead, not directly at the hands of a billionaire, but in part by the stupid, fucked-up publishing ecosystem that tech billionaires have helped build. I guess the lesson here is try to be a billionaire if you can. The Awl’s death sucks for largely the same reason Gawker’s death sucked: There are extremely few places left (maybe none?) that will provide a home for weird, slightly mean, smart, kooky shit online. Aside from so many of your favorite writers got their starts on the Awl or the Hairpin! I have a feeling a lot of people are also thinking, Where are you supposed to find incredible, strong, hilarious writing with no clear SEO advantage or Facebook appeal? Where will all the young writers and new voices go? It’s a good question. The answer is probably: “Nowhere.” Maybe they’ll join the Army? I honestly have no idea where you’re supposed to find writing like Alex Balk’s, constantly pissed off, constantly furious, howling at the internet moon. Everyone is going to pick “Negroni Season” as their favorite Awl post, so instead, I’ll use the fantastic “McRib As Arbitrage” as an example of the Awl’s incredible archive. The things those sites published made me want to be smarter and cooler and better. I’m none of those things now, but it definitely made me want to keep trying. Oh, well. At least we still have the Skimm.
Cord Jefferson, TV writerAuthor of “You’ve Learned Helplessness”
Awl pieces: “A Conspiracy of Hogs: The McRib As Arbitrage”; “Seven Years As a Freelance Writer, or, How to Make Vitamin Soup.” Hairpin pieces: “Getting the Body You’ve Always Wanted”; “The Shape of Emily’s Coffin.”
This is from an email Choire sent me in 2010, after I mentioned how pleasant I found the editing process at the Awl:
That was the key with the Awl: They let writers — frequently novice writers — do the stuff they wanted to do, irrespective of what was happening in the news at the moment, or what would yield the most traffic. You didn’t have to debase yourself or search for “The Awl angle” on Syria. You could just pitch them this dumb or funny or weird or actually really smart idea you had in the shower that morning, and sometimes they’d say yes. And if they did say yes, they would edit your piece with care and respect, rather than just throwing it up online for the commenter wolves to tear at it the way some sites preying on new writers do. Basically, the Awl treated you like a real writer with good ideas even when you yourself weren’t sure you were a real writer with good ideas. I will miss it.
I tend to hate short items in magazines, the kinds of whimsical snippets editors call “front-of-the-book stuff.” I don’t want to know what kind of face cream Zayn Malik uses or what trivial news item went viral in New Zealand for no good reason. But very short pieces separate writers you love forever after from writers you don’t remember for another second. That’s because it takes real skill and flair to adorn a newsy nothingburger with enough flavorful garnishes that you don’t 100 percent regret clicking through. Ken Layne, Alex Balk, and Choire Sicha were absolute masters of the short but delightful zinger, so much so that I can hardly choose between a million of these:
“Fatal Beaver Attack Leaves Man Dead Because It Was A Fatal Attack”
Also, unlike the editors of pretty much every other publication, Choire Sicha and Alex Balk saw “timely news-driven angles” as annoying and stupid. As far as they were concerned, the presence of some up-to-the-minute excuse for exploring a subject only made a piece less publishable. So what made a piece more publishable? Any subject or element that was archaic, irrelevant, or deeply unfashionable. Assertive digressions. A slight whiff of rage or resentment on the part of the author. You could basically start out writing about one outdated thing and swerve to discuss something even more trivial, as long as you were emotionally invested and you entertained the reader every step of the way. For this reason, half of the stuff the Awl published was utterly uncategorizable, genre-wise. Take this discussion of the pros and cons of having kids between Choire Sicha and Ken Layne (Layne: “Once they arrive, they tend to stay. So that’s worth consideration.” Sicha: “Studies [that I made up] suggest that as much as 99.2% of people being born now will die horribly. Eaten by whales, that kind of thing.” Layne: “It’s entirely plausible that today’s kid who learns composting in preschool will treat the environment with the same bred-into-the-brain respect that Americans used to have for … I don’t know, killing communists.”) I could quote the whole piece. These two are those rare kinds of crazy people you wish lived in your house with you.
Very few outlets publish humor, outside of The New Yorker. And no other site that I can think of, online or otherwise, publishes long, strange, funny, digressive humor the way the Awl did. This includes my favorite humor piece of all time, Sarah Miller’s “Brad and Angie Go to Meet the African Pee Generator Girls.” It’s a masterpiece, and it couldn’t exist anywhere but the Awl.
“Brad and Angie Go To Meet The African Pee Generator Girls”
Reading the Awl and knowing that it’s gone now basically makes you hate every other magazine and website in existence, particularly the kinds that always hop right on top of the latest “issues” or consider themselves “part of the conversation.” Ugh. It makes you hate Twitter and the whole goddamned internet and all human beings everywhere. Reading the Awl made you feel like the whole world was filled with exciting things and smart people, and now that the Awl is gone, it feels like all we have left are boring things and dumb people.
Someone should hand Choire Sicha a giant bag of cash for the Awl and then hand him another bag of cash to run it. Too bad a place like The New Yorker or New York Magazine doesn’t just buy the archives and then hire back its best editors. I know it’s repetitive and self-indulgent to say that this or that indie pub is irreplaceable and unmatched, but the Awl really was magical and exciting and beyond compare. It made us all less stupid. I say that having started my career at Suck.com, the first online home for curmudgeonly weirdos. The Awl was always sharp, being mean-spirited, smart without being pretentious, wide-ranging without feeling incoherent, and unique without feeling calculated or self-conscious. I don’t know how they did it, but it was magical. We need it back.
“Is It Acceptable To Have Children?”
Michelle Dean, author of Sharp: The Women Who Made an Art of Having an OpinionAuthor of “Behind the Franzenfreude”
It figures I would pick one of the Awl’s fights, but they tended to be so fun. I loved this Shadow Editors (a semi-regular feature) where Tom Scocca went hard at a piece in n+1 by Mark Greif. It angered the editors of said literary-intellectual-darling magazine, who felt the thing was unduly snarky about one of their prize contributors. But I loved seeing someone replicate the indignant feeling I often had when I read pieces where the dense prose seemed to me to mask sloppy thinking. I still think of “This guy. His editors. Their planet” pretty much every time I read a magazine now. Which admittedly isn’t often, because none of them seem to have the barbed joyfulness of the Awl these days.
Sady Doyle, author of Trainwreck and Elle.com contributorAuthor of “It’s Fight Time”
The Awl had pretty incredible range. There were deeply serious entries, and there were posts that just existed to serve up a one-liner. My favorite of the serious entries, I think, has to be “The Rape Joke,” by Patricia Lockwood. I think the poem is older than the post itself, but the context is part of why it was so special. This post went up around Rape-Joke-Gate of ’13. I had pissed off a comedian named Sam Morril by asking him about the rape jokes in his set; Lindy West had come into the conversation, first by talking about her experiences as a feminist in comedy, then by posting the tons and tons of rape threats and death threats she got in response. Molly Knefel called out Patton Oswalt. Obviously, it was a giant mess, a ton of guys in comedy were firing back at what they perceived as feminist censorship, the feminists themselves were getting masses of obscene hate mail and trolling, and people’s egos were beyond caught up in it. I still have dudes who hate me because of the Rape Joke Summer of ’13.
It could so easily have descended into screaming and pointless grudge-fucking. And it did, to some extent. But this Lockwood poem — which will just stop your heart; I can’t say enough that’s good about it, so you should just read it — really brought it all back to the central trauma we were discussing, the violation of trust that rape often entails, and how cruel it is to turn that into a cheap joke. They rehumanized something that had become very ideological and abstract. That was my favorite example of how the Awl could participate in a serious discussion; they would always come at it from a new angle, something unexpected that added value and changed the conversation, rather than slapping a clicky headline on a take and monetizing whatever anger or pushback or social-media “THIS”-ing they got off it.
Kelly Conaboy, writerAuthor of “The Vast Bay Leaf Conspiracy”
I’m so sad that this is not the internet anymore and that now the internet is just shitty garbage.
Also, “Surprise Thanksgiving” is just a really good idea.
Every edition of Edith’s “Letters to the Editors of Women’s Magazines” column made me laugh out loud to the point of tears. I’m highlighting this edition because it’s the first one that comes up when you search “letters to the editors of women’s magazines awl.” I do think of this particular one pretty often, though. “These are my big ol’ TIIIIIIITS.” Hahaha. This column is absolutely one of the best things that has ever been online, and I am jealous of it every second of every day.
Using the app is easy enough. You open up Hype Type — you’ll have to give the app access to your camera roll and microphone — and double tap on the screen to add your text. To use a photo or video you’ve already taken, gently swipe up from the bottom of the app. From there you can select which color combination and font you like and you can also add music (which seems like overkill). Once you’re done, tap the blue check in the bottom, right-hand corner of the screen and then tap the Instagram icon from the menu of options that pops up. That will save the clip to your camera roll and prompt you to open Instagram and add it to your story.
I found the process of picking favorite stories predictably super difficult. I read the website every day for many years, and as a result stuff tends to blur. I looked at my own author page there and found a number of things I absolutely do not recall writing. But in remembering the type of stuff that I liked the most, there, I kept coming back to Maria Bustillos. I wrote some stuff with her — we’d read a book or an article or watch a movie, and then talk about it in the Yakkin’ About format, and Carrie Frye (who is a brilliant editor) would help us make them into readable things — and personally like her a lot, and am biased as a result. But for me, hers was the voice of the website, or of the version of the site that meant the most to me. It’s a hard thing to describe, but you can figure it out from, say, this bit on Alan Greenspan and Ayn Rand — erudite and curious and funny and angry in a way that’s not off-putting, all of it urbane in a way that isn’t high-handed or strained. She’s a magician, and it’s unfair to use her as a baseline for actual normal writers, but the way that she balanced her weapons-grade intelligence with not just respect but affection for the reader just was the way the Awl worked, to me, when it worked best. The voice of the site changed under the editors that followed Choire and Balk — and the other editors did some really cool stuff; I thought this Noah Davis bit was a really cool and illuminating angle on the economics of writing for AND running a website — but that faith in and fellowship with the reader never wavered.
David Roth, features editor, DeadspinAuthor of “This Is What You Get”
Maria Bustillos, editor-in-chief of the forthcoming PopulaAuthor of “Inside David Foster Wallace’s Private Self-Help Library”
December 2009. The movie Avatar made my blood boil, and when I got home I pounded out a rage-filled screed, just randomly, from an overflow of emotion. And then I kind of thought, What if I …
The Awl was then my favorite daytime reading; Choire Sicha and Alex Balk had been my favorite Gawker editors, and in those long-ago days I was an avid commenter. I was quite in awe of their elegance and wit, and was so happy to see that my two favorites had started their own shop.
What could they say, you know, they could say no. And so I sent choire@theawl.com an email containing this screed, with the subject, “I Hated Avatar With the Fire of a Thousand Suns,” and held my breath. The reply came: “Do you want us to publish this?” and I wrote back, “Yes, please,” and that was that. Thank you Choire and Alex, thank you Matt Buchanan and John Herrman and Carrie Frye and David Roth and Elmo Keep and Brent Cox and Abe Sauer and Sarah Miller and too many others to name, for all your beautiful work, for changing my life, for making it beautiful forever.
Vinson Cunningham, staff writer, The New Yorker Author of “The Flies in Kehinde Wiley’s Milk”
It’s almost impossible to isolate a single best Awl post, but it’s safe to say — so safe that I hesitate to even say it — that something like 90 percent of the standouts were written by Choire Sicha. Still, my favorite long-running feature of the site was Tom Scocca’s column on the weather. Those brief dispatches — a rating of zero to five stars; a few near-purple descriptive sentences — strike me as emblematic of the sneakily earnest, occasionally profound pointlessness that was once the internet’s great promise, and was always the basis of the Awl’s sensibility. Scocca took the temperature and his vantages on clouds, those core ingredients for bad conversation, and made them sort of cool. I sometimes wondered as I read them — in a cubicle somewhere, trying to work up the nerve to pitch the site — whether he was making fun of me for liking the posts, or himself for having written them. This doubles, at least for me, as a description of the experience of loving the site. Unlike the gossip-page-descended snark that was its direct ancestor (think Gawker), or the generation that clipped at its heels, looking for #longform respectability (think Grantland), the Awl never offered any big reason for its own existence, or any real interest in posterity. Maybe our devotion to it made us idiots, but we were idiots together. We’re worse off without it.
Net neutrality — the broad concept that all internet traffic should be treated equally, and that ISPs and other telecom players shouldn’t be able to charge more (or less) for access to certain online sites and services — was supposed to be dead. FCC chairman Ajit Pai, the once and future Verizon lawyer, successfully led efforts to roll back the Obama-era Open Internet Order. Net neutrality (or, as we’ve been unsuccessfully trying to make this all seem less boring, calling it “open internet”) was dead.
Emma Carmichael, former Jezebel editorFormer Hairpin editor and author of “I Was Briefly the Face of an Unemployed Generation”
Some of my favorite stories from my year-plus editing the Hairpin alongside Jia Tolentino include Sarah Miller’s 2014 Summer Diary (read them all), Roxane Gay’s ode to her UPS man, Jenna Wortham’s ode to female friendships, Rebecca Scherm’s illustrated essay on Erykah Badu, Jessica Ogilvie’s interview with a pregnant Kayden Kross, and of course, Toni Nagy’s guide for reverse-basting her boyfriend’s dickhole. And I am most grateful for every day I got to spend working with and learning from Choire and Balk.
I’m one of the many people who will write in to say that the Awl is the only reason I have ever had a writing job. Choire responded to a cold pitch I wrote him a few months after graduating college, and the resulting essay helped me get my foot in the door at Deadspin, which got me to Gawker, which got me to the Hairpin, and so on. (There is probably an entire subgenre of Awl/Hairpin career-making pitches that share “under- or unemployment” as their peg — proof, to me, that the sites have always been an aspiring writer’s only real friend.)
Or is it? You may have been seeing headlines that Senate Democrats are mounting a last-minute defense of net neutrality, or that 22 attorneys general have filed a lawsuit against the FCC. Both of these things are true; it’s just that the two efforts have much different chances of succeeding. Let’s take them one at a time.
Then Democrat Doug Jones got elected, meaning the Democrats hold 49 seats, and people started paying more attention. Assuming Collins doesn’t change her vote (and it appears likely that she wouldn’t), there currently looks to be a 50-50 split within the Senate on net-neutrality repeal.
What Will Happen: Crack open any middle-school civics textbook and you know one of the few real powers of the vice-presidency is to break ties in the Senate, and Vice-President Pence would absolutely side with the majority of Republicans in upholding the repeal of net neutrality.
Then you get into the heart of the problem, which is that the mechanism being used here is a relatively obscure one known as the Congressional Review Act, put into place in 1994 after Republicans swept into office. It allowed for any piece of legislation passed by the executive branch (and the FCC falls under the executive branch) to be overturned — but it has to be overturned by both the Senate and House within 60 days of passage.
If pro-net-neutrality forces within the Senate appear within spitting distance of getting the votes they need, the same is not true in the House. Democratic Pennsylvania congressman Mike Doyle has been leading that fight in the House, and so far has rounded up 82 co-sponsors for a bill nearly identical to the one in the Senate. You need 218 votes to pass any piece of legislation within the House, so Doyle needs to find 136 other votes in a heavily Republican House. It’s unlikely in the extreme.
But, let’s say that the pro-net-neutrality forces in the Senate can find one more vote (though it’s unclear where that vote would come from), making Pence’s tiebreaker vote a moot point.
But let’s assume there’s some sort of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington–type moment and the House suddenly has a massive change of heart and votes to overturn the FCC’s decision. Then you enter the final problem of the legislative move: the presidential veto. President Trump appointed Pai to the FCC, has spoken out in support of repealing net neutrality, and really appears to love signing nearly anything that passes his desk. If he was asked to veto a bill overturning the FCC’s decision in December, he would happily do so.
What’s Happening: On Tuesday, 22 attorneys general filed a lawsuit seeking the repeal of the FCC’s December decision, led by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (who has a history of being pro–net neutrality). The 11-page motion calls the FCC’s decision an “arbitrary, capricious” violation of the Administrative Procedure Act, a 1946 piece of legislation that governs how federal administrative bodies can pass new regulation.
Odds on Anything Actually Happening From All of This: If you put a snowball into a hat, it can survive for up to ten seconds in hell. In the end, this is a political move by Democrats to hang a deeply unpopular piece of legislation on the necks of Republicans in hopes of gaining seats in 2018 and 2020.
What Will Happen: This is essentially a jump ball, both in that it’s entirely unclear where the cases will end up being tried, and that this is all very early days. The FCC hasn’t responded to the suits except to say that part of its order from December was that no legal challenges to the law could be made until its new regulations were placed on the federal register — something that won’t happen for days or possibly even weeks.
Odds on Anything Actually Happening From All of This: The legal challenges being mounted by 22 attorneys general is the most likely to have a real chance of succeeding. What to watch for is what court the lawsuits actually end up in. If New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and his co-plaintiffs get their way and the case ends up in the D.C. Circuit, then there’s reason for real optimism. The makeup of the court hasn’t changed since 2015 or 2017, and both times the court found in favor of the basic tenets of net neutrality.
The motion seeks to place the lawsuit within the U.S. District Court. There’s a reason the attorneys general would like to have the lawsuit heard in the D.C. Circuit Court; it was the D.C. Circuit 2015 ruling in the U.S. Telecom Association v. FCC that put much of the Open Internet Order statutes into place (and are what the current FCC is seeking to repeal), and it was the D.C. Circuit again in 2017 that upheld the legality of federal rules protecting net neutrality.
Four other lawsuits, from groups ranging from Mozilla to liberal think tank the Open Technology Institute, have also been filed.
What’s Happening: Senate Democrats (and one Republican, Senator Susan Collins of Maine) have said for a while that they would all vote to overturn the FCC’s December ruling. But that number was always more symbolic than anything else — with the Democrats only holding 48 seats, even Collins stepping across the aisle didn’t mean much.
Willy Staley, story editor, The New York Times MagazineAuthor of “A Conspiracy of Hogs: McRib As Arbitrage”
A send-up of the “Styles” section’s fixation on the absurd habits and child-rearing philosophies of the wealthy, this actually reads like a snippet of Thomas Pynchon (there’s a Nubian ibex farm in the Catskills run by an Argentinian rabbi flogging something called “The Deuteronomy Diet”), forced into a stentorian, reportorial voice. The attention to detail is remarkable: the cumbersome identification of Facebook (“the popular social networking site”) and the fudged trend-justification in the lede (“like an increasing number of teenagers, [Anna is] teaching her dog to use an iPad”). Now, I don’t know if you know this, but the guy who used to edit the Awl now edits the “Styles” section, which I would say is ironic, but Times Style doesn’t really allow for that usage. Paradoxical?
And this is, in some ways, a spiritual cousin to the above, a concise and surreal encapsulation of the clichéd fixations of the media class, updated to the confessional internet of 2015. Media professionals are solipsistic, but the Awl proved that that trait can be put to hilarious and productive use. While much of the web feels like it’s stuck forever reacting to everything around it, rendering hasty judgment and recriminations, the site felt generative. Sometimes things aren’t good or bad or problematic — they’re just kinda funny.
Tom ScoccaFormer owner of one percent of the Awl, and its weather reviewer
The outrageous but inevitable result of the announced death of the Awl was a bland pseudo-observation in the New York Times’ write-up: “Many of the writers went on to distinguish themselves.” Some may in fact have gone on to distinguish themselves, by the sad, pinched standards of the New York Times, but what distinguished the Awl was the writing on the Awl, and the chance it gave writers to do what they could not have done anywhere else. Yes, Dave Bry wrote a whole Public Apology book, and Patricia Lockwood is a sensationally well-received memoirist now, but “Dear Bob Mould, I’m sorry for ruining your solo acoustic concert” and “Rape Joke” were not steps on the way up to other, better things; they were destinations. They set their own terms, and they triumphed on them.
What the Awl represented to me was the chance to write exactly what I meant to write, for an audience I trusted to read it. It was the ideal place to discuss the fumbling realities of being a parent — there was a natural harmony between finding my way with the firstborn child and finding my way to write about it, and there’s no better portrait of what his life and my life were like just then than the saga of his solo elevator ride.
And, as one might guess, nothing epitomized the whole project of the Awl for me more than doing the weather reviews. At first I told people they had just arisen spontaneously in an IM chat with Choire, in which I’d straightaway drafted the first one and it had gone right up onto the internet, and the rest was history. It was a while later that Joe MacLeod reminded me that I had originally come up with the idea years and years before — only to forget about it because there was no ready way to make it happen. With the Awl, there was no way to make it stop. At one point, with the number of reviews surely up into the four figures, I learned secondhand that an illustrious and powerful magazine editor hated them; better yet, he specifically hated my photographs of the sky that went with them. Sometimes when I feel like my life or work is pointless, I think about that and I grow happy and serene.
I almost don’t want to single out any of the reviews, because each one stands on its own and they all stand collectively (at what would be immense and unreadable book length by now). But November 7, 2012 was a day that sticks with me: The star ratings were never supposed to be about how “nice” a day it was, but about how the weather performed as weather, with human comfort as only one of the potential considerations. And this was a day that was so hostile to what humans might want that people just surrendered to it, their suffering crossing over into a visible arousal. It was an extraordinary thing to bear witness to.
Now I have to go write another weather review.
Hype Type is free, but you can pay in-app for a few upgrades. I wound up going all in and paying the $2.99 to remove the “Hype Type” watermark and get the full suite of font options. You can also just remove the watermark for $1.99 or just get the fonts for $1.99. If you’re the kind of person who gets into these types of apps — as in, you paid $0.99 this summer for Kirakira so you could make your content sparkly as heck while that was still trendy — this probably won’t seem like a high price tag. Just look how much more fun this boomerang of my commute through the slush piles of lower Manhattan is when you add a little animation.
Instagram has reportedly been testing a text-only feature in Instagram Stories, which lets users add slides to their stories with just captions. (A work-around for this is to layer a solid color — use the pen tool, pick your color, and then press and hold anywhere on a photo to cover it in said color — and add a caption over it.) Still, that’s not nearly as visually interesting as an animated caption. Instagram, take note.
Nicole Cliffe, writer and columnistFormer Hairpin editor and author of “Getting the Body You’ve Always Wanted”
I have to go with a RANDOMLY CHOSEN “Letters to the Editor’s of Women’s Magazines” installment (it’s not that random, I like this one a lot). There are so many versions of Edith Zimmerman, whose approval, along with Choire’s, I will crave until I die, like the time someone caught Gilda Radner rifling through Lorne Michaels’s desk and she said, “I was hoping to find a piece of paper on which he’s written ‘I really like Gilda.’” This is in my top-five Ediths — “dark gonzo bodies and death Edith,” a GREAT Edith. If I tried to do this, it would be too on-the-nose or a message about fatphobia or ageism, and it would never ever be right. It’s perfect. It’s delicious. Peak Hairpin. I love you.
Laura Olin, digital strategistAuthor of the Awl’s newsletter, Everything Changes
I loved Balk’s daily posts reminding us that the worst thing is knowing what everyone thinks about anything, everything is terrible and only getting worse, and that if you hate the internet now, just wait awhile. They were never uplifting, of course, but would remind you that you weren’t alone. Sometimes he talked about what it was like when things were better, including the internet, as in this post. “In contrast to the Internet of now, the Internet of a decade back was better, smarter, more interesting and also it didn’t make you want to die all the time.” Even though it didn’t exist yet, the Awl was part of the internet of a decade ago.
Jazmine Hughes, associate editor, The New York Times MagazineFormer Hairpin editor and author of “Fishy”
Being plucked to help run the site under genius angel Haley Mlotek changed my life beyond hyperbole or exaggeration; watching her exceptionally tiny hands whip up a site bursting with weirdness and heart, where you didn’t need a big byline or an email introduction to get in front of her, was my purest joy, a formative experience in how to be. The Awl network is widely agreed to be a launching pad for people’s careers (we published Jaya Saxena, Hallie Bateman, Durga Chew-Bose, Hannah Giorgis, Doreen St. Félix, Jamie Lauren Keiles, Monica Heisey); but it was also the champion of fuckin’ insanity, where you could get paid for writing about Horny Jail or literotica that misspelled “cumming” or Danny Devito/Steve Buscemi erotic fan fiction. It was a simpler, hornier time.
Carrie Frye, writer and editorFormer managing editor of the Awl and author of “How to Be a Monster: Life Lessons From Lord Byron”
Dave Bry was another regular contributor to the site during that time; he died last October, and he’s been on my mind a lot with this news. His Public Apology series encapsulates so much about Dave’s voice, the largeheartedness as well as how super funny he could be. I’d point readers who were unfamiliar with the series to this entry, Dear Joel.
I listed some favorite stories from my period at the site here, so I’d like to share in this space what drew me to the Awl initially, like so many others: I loved getting to read Alex and Choire. Daily! With new posts up each half-hour! I still don’t know how they managed that (and for a couple of years without paying themselves), but as a reader it was an amazing delight. There are classics like ”How to Cook a Fucking Steak” and “My Baby? My Baby Seems So Smart But I’m Also Scared About My Baby?” but I also have happy reader recollections of ditties like this one, with just the two of them talking about the roast-beef sandwiches they had for lunch.
I have this bookmarked, and think about this all the time, and this, and this, and Caity Weaver’s “Is Your Man a Scrub?” series, and every single post ever written by Kelly Conaboy, even the Spoon Second column, which I hate, but still love. The Awl and the Hairpin were websites where editors threw things at the wall to see if they stuck. Often that meant throwing young writers at a wall — young writers who wanted to publish truly deranged things — but so many of those young writers stuck, and now they are old writers whom many people read and think are funny and smart. It was so valuable to me when I was getting into professional writing that I was getting paid a negligible amount of money to attempt to make jokes that not even I understood. I needed that negligible amount of money, as it turned out, and I thrived off of the fact that I was getting real responses from real editors. I wasn’t just shouting into the void. Taking a chance on nobodies was what the Awl and the Hairpin did best, and when you look at that list of nobodies the editors took a chance on now, it’s crazy to see how good their instincts were. They were smart websites run by smart people who were curious and compassionate and weird. The levity that both sites provided — now that so much writing on the internet can be dry and self-serious — is what I will miss most.
Dayna Evans, writerAuthor of “A Day in the Life of the Dopeass Tea Wizard”
Rachel Monroe, freelance writerAuthor of “The Killer Crush: The Horror of Teen Girls, From Columbiners to Beliebers”
Do you remember 2008? The sights, the sounds, the smells. You went over to your friend Derek’s pad on Friday nights — apparently a few people were over there just chilling. They have some stuff, but if you’re worried about running out of drinks, pick up a six-pack for yourself. Maybe there was a beanbag you could crash on.
“We should order pizza later.”
Your crush, Damien, is probably coming by a little later, so you probably shouldn’t drink too much before he shows up.
“Did someone text Alex and Kevin?”
“Hey, does anyone have speakers I can plug this iPod into?”
Ben Hart, politics writer, New York MagazineAuthor of “I Talked to Some Trump Voters, Too”
I’ll echo many others on this point: When the Awl decided to publish one of my blind pitches a few years ago, it completely changed the course of my writing life. It was a site that, crucially, welcomed essays, lists, and a miscellany of all stripes that didn’t seem like a natural fit anywhere else online. The internet will be a less vibrant place without it, and we can only hope that other sites as welcoming of eccentricity, and as willing to instill young writers with confidence, spring up in its place. One piece from the archives I recall particularly fondly: this pitch-perfect parody of New York Times trends pieces, which is as funny as the day it was published seven years ago.
The music starts playing, and almost immediately Derek vetoes. “No this sucks, lemme see that thing. Ah, here we go.”
As the opening strains of “The Great Escape” by Boys Like Girls fill the room, everyone smirks. “Oh my god, I totally forgot about this song,” someone says, even though, at this point, it’s only like a year old.
Haley Mlotek, writer and editorAuthor of “Free Joan Didion”
Choire and Alex hate displays of emotion, so I will refrain from getting too sentimental, and instead simply say that most good things about my work are the result of Choire sending me DMs that just said “ajknsdfkjasndfkajsdf,” or Alex responding to an email with just “sounds like a post.” They introduced me to some of the worst things about my life — media Twitter, living in New York, Slack, a preference for seltzer brands — and it is a testament to their characters that I will never forgive them and also always consider them two of the best editors and people I know in this whole dumb world.
Before you know it, the party is in full swing. Just you and your best friends, your whole lives ahead of you, the knowledge that you’ll never be this young ever again. Alex and Kevin are fighting in the corner about something, but you can’t hear them over the music, and honestly, you don’t even want to know. They’ll have made up by the end of the night.
My co-editors — Jazmine Hughes, Jaya Saxena, and Alexandra Molotkow — were three of the smartest and funniest people I’ve ever known, and I spent every day just, like, laughing so hard at everything they said, and thinking so much about their writing, and living in constant awe at their taste and their skill. We inherited some incredible writers from previous Hairpins, and kept bringing in more, and they were all so weird and hilarious and smart and then weird again. Everything about that job and that time felt like a prize. We knew it was something rare and precious, and also that anything this good couldn’t last forever. I think we all worked really hard to make the most of it while it was in our care.
Someone — you’re not quite sure who — passes you the Wiimote and you take a big rip. Your friends cheer, and a blurry hand snatches it from you before you can gracefully pass it off to the next person. Everyone takes a hit from the Wiimote, and you all laugh, and whoop, and yell, and you yell, “Hey, play Boys Like Girls again!” Everyone is standing in a circle, ripping from the Wiimote and screaming about making the great escape.
Over the shoulders of the crowd, you peer up at the basement stairs, only to see Damien perched a few steps up, trying to figure out the vibe. You’ve been waiting for him all night, and now you’re too nervous to say hi. You’re not even sure what time it is — maybe it’s just a couple of hours since you got here, maybe it’s been years. He smiles at you, and you smile back.
“Yo, let me get a hit of that Wiimote!” he yells. Everyone cheers.
Update, January 17, 2018, at 5:20 p.m.: The State of Hawaii has since issued a statement saying the screenshot it originally sent to Honolulu Civil Beat isn’t actually what the alert system looks like. Instead, Governor David Ige’s office shared a second image that is closer to what the person who goofed and sent the alert would have seen on their screen. Both are recreations, as sharing the real thing would be, apparently, a security risk.
Nintendo today announced Nintendo Labo, an add-on for the Nintendo Switch that looks nuts. A few years ago, Google pushed virtual reality hard with a thing called Google Cardboard, a contraption assembled out of folded cardboard that users could slide their phone right into, creating an impromptu VR device. Labo is kinda like that for the Nintendo Switch.
The basic concept is that these cardboard devices, when paired with the central Switch tablet and its motion-sensing controls, can perform like the actual object. A cardboard piano can sense which key is being pressed, the rumble in the control can cause a remote-control “car” to move, and so on and so forth. The screen of the Switch helps convey relevant information in each case. It seems very weird, and who knows if it’ll work and be good (which is, full transparency, also what everyone thought about the Switch itself). The cardboard contraptions are called Toy-Cons, a play on the Joy-Con controllers that come with each system.
There will be two Labo kits when the line of toys launches on April 20 for $69.99 (that’s 70 bucks for some perforated cardboard you need to assemble yourself and accompanying software). One is a variety pack with a cardboard piano, house, RC cars, motorbike, and fishing rod. The second kit has users assemble a robotic exosuit, which appears to let you to play a video game where you storm through a city punching skyscrapers into dust.
Weird! Cool! It’s just nice that the Switch’s enormous success hasn’t caused Nintendo to rest on its laurels and stop building insane things.
When informed about the FCC comments, A.G. Schneiderman’s press secretary Amy Spitalnick had this to say: “The laws governing this process create some ambiguity about the deadline, which could have allowed the FCC or a court to say that anyone who didn’t file yesterday missed their chance. Net neutrality is too important to the public for us to take that risk. If yesterday’s filing is deemed to have been early, it simply means we’ll refile our petition in the coming days or weeks. Either way, we are taking the FCC to court to challenge its illegal rollback of net neutrality.”
It’s been months since infamous tech bro Travis Kalanick took a leave of absence and the company replaced him with former Expedia CEO Dara Khosrowshahi in August … and somehow we’re still talking about him anyway. A lengthy piece published by Bloomberg on Thursday documents Uber and Kalanick’s extended fall from grace — not that the company had the best track record or public opinion to begin with — from 2016 to 2017.
Perhaps the most interesting reported anecdote is the bit about how Kalanick reacted to seeing the video of him yelling at a driver, Fawzi Kamel. In the video, which was filmed on Kamel’s dash cam, Kamel and Kalanick argued over Uber dropping its fares, a strategy Kamel said hurt him financially. “Some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit,” Kalanick said after getting out of the car and slamming the door. “They blame everything in their life on somebody else. Good luck!” According to Bloomberg, after seeing the video, Kalanick “literally got down on his hands and knees and began squirming on the floor,” and began saying things like “I’m terrible” and “this is bad.” Which, frankly, might be the most honest and self-aware things Travis Kalanick has ever said.
Following the video drama, Kalanick reportedly met privately with Kamel to smooth things over. In that meeting, Kalanick reportedly discussed giving Kamel some Uber stock. Wayne Ting, another Uber executive, was present during the meeting, which sources told Bloomberg left him “deeply disturbed” and prompted him to send an internal email concerned that Kalanick “‘no longer had the moral standing’ to lead Uber.” In the end, Kalanick paid Kamel $200,000 out of his own pocket.
Sorry to every city in the United States that thirstily prostrated itself at Amazon’s feet this fall in the hopes of being selected as the home of the company’s second headquarters. Amazon released a list of its 20 finalists today, and, well, let’s just say Gary, Indiana, is going to be disappointed. As is that Arizona town that sent Jeff Bezos a giant cactus. And pretty much anybody else who wanted to be considered for Amazon anointment, but didn’t happen to be a major city everybody in the world has already heard about. Here are the 20 cities still in the running, which we can assume were picked by a team of executives at Amazon who were given 20 darts and told to throw them at a map of the United States where major existing economic hubs were highlighted in bright pink, and everywhere else was, uh, not.
• Boston• New York City• Toronto• Pittsburgh• Newark• Philadelphia• Montgomery County• Washington, D.C.• Raleigh• Northern Virginia• Atlanta• Miami• Austin• Dallas• Los Angeles• Nashville• Denver• Chicago• Indianapolis• Columbus
“Fatal Beaver Attack Leaves Man Dead Because It Was a Fatal Attack”
Shockingly, Seattle didn’t make the cut. The present home of Amazon’s first headquarters also tried to make a play to be the home of its second headquarters.
In celebration of New York Magazine’s 50th anniversary, this series, which will continue through October 2018, tells the stories behind key moments that shaped the city’s culture.
In the summer of 1988, the hedge-fund manager Donald Sussman took a call from a former Columbia University computer-science professor wanting advice on his new Wall Street career.
“I’d like to come see you,” David Shaw, then 37 years old, told Sussman. Shaw had grown up in California, receiving a Ph.D. at Stanford University, then moved to New York to teach at Columbia before joining investment bank Morgan Stanley, which had a new secretive trading group that was using computer modeling. A neophyte in the ways of Wall Street, Shaw wanted Sussman, who founded the investment firm Paloma Partners, to look at an offer he had received from Morgan Stanley’s rival, Goldman Sachs.
Sussman’s career has been built on recognizing and financing hedge-fund talent, but he had never encountered anyone like David Shaw. The cerebral computer scientist would go on to become a pioneer in a revolution in finance that would computerize the industry, turn long-standing practices on their head, and replace a culture of tough-guy traders with brainy eccentrics — not just math and science geeks, but musicians and writers — wearing jeans and T-shirts.
A harbinger of the techies who would storm Wall Street in a decade, this new generation of hedge-fund introverts would replace the profanity-laced trading rooms of the 1980s with quiet libraries of algorithmic research in every corner of the markets. They would also launch an early email system and look into the prospect of online retailing, leading one of Shaw’s most ambitious employees to take the idea and run with it. Yes, the seeds of Jeff Bezos’s Amazon were planted at a New York City hedge fund.
Thirty years ago, all of that was yet to come. All Shaw told Sussman at the time was, “I think I can use technology to trade securities.”
Sussman told Shaw the Goldman offer he had received was inadequate. “If you’re confident this idea is going to work, you should come work for me,” Sussman told Shaw. The offer led to three days of sailing in Long Island Sound on Sussman’s 45-foot sloop with the financier, Shaw, and his partner, Peter Laventhol. The two men —without disclosing many details — “convinced me they believed they could generate models that would identify portfolios that would be market-neutral and able to outperform others,” Sussman remembers. In lay terms, the strategy would make a lot of money without taking much risk.
Hedge funds were still fairly primitive, and while they were already using mathematical formulas to capture small price disparities in such esoteric instruments as convertible bonds — then a dominant hedge-fund strategy — Shaw was planning to take the math to a whole new level.
Paloma Partners agreed to invest $30 million with D.E. Shaw. Since then, the company has grown into an estimated $47 billion firm, earning its investors more than $25 billion — as of the end of 2016, tied for the third biggest haul ever. It has made millionaires out of scores of employees and a multibillionaire out of Shaw, who stepped back in 2001 from day-to-day operation of the firm to start D.E. Shaw Research, which conducts computational biochemistry research in an effort to help cure cancer and other diseases. Shaw is estimated by Forbes to be worth $5.5 billion, and remains as elusive as ever: He declined to speak to New York for this article.
Meanwhile, the quantitative revolution D.E. Shaw helped spawn has become the biggest trend in hedge funds today, capturing some $500 billion of the industry’s more than $3 trillion in assets and dominating the top tier. Seven out of the top ten largest funds are considered “quants,” including D.E. Shaw itself. One of those seven quants, Two Sigma, was started by D.E. Shaw veterans. But the changes D.E. Shaw wrought haven’t just been felt in hedge funds. Shaw spit out orders accounting for an estimated 2 percent of the trading volume of the New York Stock Exchange in its early years, and thanks to it and other emerging quants, the NYSE was forced to automate. By the end of the 1990s, electronic stock exchanges were driving trading prices down, and by 2001, stocks began to be traded in penny increments, instead of eighths. These changes made it cheaper and easier for all investors to get into the game, leading to an explosion in trading volume.
From the beginning, D.E. Shaw was a quirky enterprise, even for a hedge fund. The first office was far from Wall Street, in a loftlike space above Revolution Books, a communist bookstore on 16th Street, in what was then a still fairly seedy Union Square. The office, about 1,200 square feet, was bare, with freshly painted walls and a tin ceiling. But it boasted two Sun Microsystem computers — the fastest, most sophisticated computers then in vogue on Wall Street. “He needed Ferraris; we bought him Ferraris,” says Sussman.
As Shaw sought to build his newfangled firm, he didn’t want to hire people steeped in Wall Street’s ways. Likewise, those who joined D.E. Shaw typically disdained the notion of working on the Street. “I thought to myself, No way,” says Lou Salkind, remembering a call he received from Shaw in the summer of 1988 asking him if he would be interested in joining his start-up. Salkind was finishing his Ph.D. in computer science at New York University and on the hunt for a job, but Wall Street turned him off. “The year before, I’d been recruited by a few firms on Wall Street. I was skeptical I would like anything in finance.”
Lacking any other job offers, he agreed to meet with Shaw. After all, his hedge fund’s office was about ten blocks away from NYU. The two men went to lunch at nearby Union Square Cafe, where they got to talking about gambling, one of Salkind’s passions. Born in New York City, Salkind had learned to count cards at an early age and developed a horse-betting system at age 13. He had no idea such mathematical skills would come in handy at a hedge fund. “I had a blast,” he recalls.
When they returned to the office, Shaw began laying out his vision. “What I want to build here is a company at the intersection of technology and finance,” he told Salkind. As with Sussman, Shaw wouldn’t tell Salkind much more than that, but he did speculate that his firm might be able to replace Wall Street market makers: “They prepare to buy at the bid, hold, and sell at a higher price. The difference is what you try to capture. We could do a lot of this stuff automatically with computers,” he told the fellow computer scientist.
“Oh, you’re like a bookie. That’s the vig,” said Salkind, who was immediately sold on the job. Salkind, who retired in 2014, became one of the first employees of D.E. Shaw.
In the hedge fund’s early days, Sussman would visit the office weekly. “Once they started trading, they started making money out of the box,” he remembers. “These were very serious folks. I used to go and sit next to them watching them trade. They didn’t miss a goddamn thing,” he recalls. “The atmosphere of the place was unlike any other investment firm. It was like going into the research room in the Library of Congress.”
In 1990, Anne Dinning, another NYU computer-science Ph.D. who knew Salkind from his days there, struck up a conversation with Shaw at a party at Salkind’s home. “I didn’t even know what a hedge fund was,” she recalls, but agreed to interview for a job at Shaw “as a lark,” and ended up joining, despite her initial desire to become an academic.
“My first job was to work on some forecast of Japanese equities,” she says. Dinning didn’t have to know anything about the companies or the Japanese stock market. The computer would figure it all out. In the early days, she would run 24-hour simulations, waking up every six hours in the night to check on their progress. Once the algorithms were ready for live trading, “I’d look at the P&L every day and see if it’s doing what I thought it would. It was like an experiment. And I could see the immediate results,” says Dinning. As the firm expanded, Dinning ended up running both the London and Tokyo offices of D.E. Shaw, and both she and Salkind became members of an unorthodox six-person executive committee that ran the firm in a surprisingly effective consensus manner after Shaw stepped back from its day-to-day management. (He is still involved in strategic decisions.)
While D.E. Shaw was minting money, David Shaw’s vision didn’t stop with creating a quantitative hedge fund. Technology, he knew, had the capacity to transform our everyday lives. As an academic, Shaw had already used the Arpanet, the precursor to the internet, to communicate with other scientists. That helped inspire one of the first free internet-based email systems, Juno. With equity capital from D.E. Shaw, the service launched in 1996, went public, and eventually merged with a competitor.
Free email was only one of Shaw’s early initiatives, explains Charles Ardai, who joined Shaw in 1991 with a degree in English (specifically, British Romantic poetry) from Columbia, one of the first of many unconventional hires who didn’t have a background in the hard sciences.
“He went to one of my co-workers and said, ‘I think people will buy things on the internet. They’re going to shop on the internet. What’s more, they’re not just going to shop.’ This, I swear to you, is what David said: ‘Not only will people shop, but when they buy something — let’s say they buy a pipe for watering their garden — they’re going to try a pipe, and they’re going to say, this pipe is good, or this pipe is bad, and they’re going to post reviews, and other people will see them and pick the right instead of the wrong pipe, because somebody else told them, I like this pipe. I don’t like that pipe.’”
Jeff Bezos, who had joined in 1990, was in charge of the online retailing project at D.E. Shaw. He became so enthused about the possibilities that he asked Shaw if he could take the idea and run with it on his own. Shaw agreed, and Amazon was soon born. (Shaw didn’t take a stake in the now-$620 billion company.)
Upon graduating from Columbia, Ardai says he had been so surprised to receive a letter from Shaw asking him to apply for a job that he thought “it must be a scam.” Soon after the 22-year-old joined, he was tasked with setting up Shaw’s recruiting department. “We’ve filled the company with everything from a chess master, to published writers, to stand-up comedians — people who really excel in one field or another — we had an Olympic-caliber fencer, and at one point we had a demolitions expert,” he says. One of D.E. Shaw’s best traders had tattoos all over his arms and couldn’t get hired anywhere on Wall Street. Another was a trombone player who eventually left to create a music program in the Bronx. (Ardai also has other interests; he is the founder and editor of Hard Case Crime, a line of pulp-style paperback crime novels.)
D.E. Shaw’s hiring process may have a far-flung reach, but by no means is it egalitarian. In fact, its recruiting letters once started with an assertion that the firm is “unapologetically elitist.” Once eyebrow-raising, the hedge fund’s hiring practices are no longer abnormal, as they have been adopted by giant tech firms like Google, and of course, Amazon, which even uses the same grading system as D.E. Shaw when interviewing candidates.
The casual dress code embraced by D.E. Shaw has also become de rigueur at tech giants. Though viewed as shocking in Shaw’s early years, such attire is also common at many New York hedge funds today. “One of the goals at D.E. Shaw has always been ‘let’s remove all of the unnecessary constraints,’ for example, why require people to wear neckties?” explains Ardai. The crew at D.E. Shaw was so disheveled that, according to Shaw lore, one disgusted white-shoe law firm moved out of a midtown office tower that the hedge fund occupied — in protest. These days, David Shaw, whose research project is housed across the street from the hedge fund, is often seen wearing a black T-shirt and cargo shorts — even in the middle of winter.
For all of its attempts at modesty, D.E. Shaw has come a ways from its years above a communist bookstore. With more than 1,000 employees, in 2010 the firm moved into new offices at 1166 Sixth Avenue (its fourth New York City home) whose austere reception area has a ceiling and walls covered with screens designed to look like computer punch cards.
In 2015, former Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt, a longtime investor in D.E. Shaw’s hedge funds, took a 20 percent stake in the firm, buying out bankrupt Lehman Brothers’ earlier investment. These days, there’s so much money chasing quants that the earlier strategy of betting on inefficiencies in public equity markets has become less profitable. Innovator D.E. Shaw has moved from its beginnings in equity arbitrage into other arenas like distressed debt and emerging markets, where it uses its quantitative techniques to help give it an edge while relying on humans, not computer models, to make trading decisions.
As the firm gets ready to celebrate its 30th anniversary, David Shaw has not disappointed his first investor, Donald Sussman, whose firm eventually had hundreds of millions of dollars invested with D.E. Shaw. “I never doubted him for a minute,” he says. “I never envisioned that D.E. Shaw would be $47 billion, but I did envision how David would change the world of finance.”
Order Highbrow, Lowbrow, Brilliant, Despicable: 50 Years of New York, a celebratory book chronicling the magazine’s history with powerful images and behind-the-scenes stories from staff and subjects.
Just a few weeks into 2018, YouTube has had to contend with dead bodies, advertiser panic, a community in revolt, and now, people eating poison on camera. The Tide Pod Challenge, which is exactly what it sounds like, is making its way across the internet as half-ironic users pretend or try to consume the toxic detergent.
“YouTube’s Community Guidelines prohibit content that’s intended to encourage dangerous activities that have an inherent risk of physical harm. We work to quickly remove flagged videos that violate our policies,” the site said in a statement to Fast Company. It also probably matters that Tide owner Procter & Gamble is a prominent advertiser on the video site.
The problem has become pervasive enough now that large platforms like YouTube are stepping in to pull videos of people attempting to eat Tide Pods, although videos commenting or reporting on the trend are still allowed.
Offending accounts will receive a strike if they’re found to violated the Tide Pod ruling. Get enough strikes and your account could be shut down for good. I guess for now, YouTubers should stick to the cinnamon challenge.
Per Reuters, Italy’s Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato (AGCM) claims that both companies executed “a general commercial policy taking advantage of the lack of certain components to curb the performance times of their products and induce customers to buy new versions.” If true, this would amount to planned obsolescence and be in direct violation of Italian consumer-protection laws. If found guilty, it would cost both companies millions of euros in fines.
Instagram isn’t hiding your likes from you. Instagram isn’t hiding your likes from you. One more time, for the people standing in the back: Instagram isn’t hiding your likes from you.
On its head, this sounds plausible. Almost logical. Facebook co-founder Sean Parker recently said that they built the platform to “exploit” human vulnerability. Facebook owns Instagram. Of course Instagram is doing the same thing by showing me my likes more slowly. What a brilliant, if possibly evil, idea. But this is a serious claim — one that is, frankly, a little surprising to people working around social platforms who’d never heard of this so-called “common knowledge.” On Twitter, Instagram’s CTO and co-founder Mike Krieger flatly denied that the company is withholding your likes. “To be super clear, we don’t do this,” he tweeted. Though, any notifications that aren’t instantaneous don’t lag intentionally, he said; instead, the platform tries to “strike a balance” between real-time alerts and not over-notifying users. “UI shows our latest/best count once you’re in the app.” An Instagram representative told Select All that Krieger’s tweets would be the company’s only statement on the matter.
But let’s assume that you don’t trust Krieger — after all, if you trusted Instagram, you wouldn’t have bought into the myth in the first place. Is it possible that Instagram is intentionally withholding your likes? We asked Gil Eyal, CEO and co-founder of HYPR Brands, a company that provides data analytics for social-media influencers. Eyal says there’s just no way, given the size of its user base, that Instagram is doing this. “When you build an app that is so robust, and you have so many notifications to send users, you have to steer things, because you can’t just send everything at once,” Eyal explained. For Instagram to be “so sophisticated that they know when every single user should receive a like notification to get them back looking at the platform” would be “beyond what they’re capable of.”
But, again, mostly the Tide Pods thing is just a joke, that people are making with words and pictures.
People have been joking about eating laundry pods for years, as the crowdsourced database Know Your Meme recounts. Tide Pods were first introduced in 2012, as a convenient way to do laundry — just throw a squishy, dissolving packet of soap in with the load. But the same thing that made them seem cool — their bright colors and toylike shape — also made them seem like something to eat, especially for children. In 2013, Consumer Reports reported that some poison-control centers had reported thousands of cases of children under 5 eating Tide Pods. A satirical op-ed in the Onion headlined, “So Help Me God, I’m Going to Eat One of Those Multicolored Detergent Pods” appeared in 2015 (the satirical publication also announced a Sour Apple flavor last year).
That same year, Procter & Gamble began airing advisory commercials about product safety.
The core attraction of the early wave of Tide Pod memes seems to be the same thing that attracts us to many memes: its relatability. Image macros like “Socially Awkward Penguin,” which observed minor moments of personal gracelessness, were the first wave of memes to really reach an off-internet population for the same reason that Jerry Seinfeld was such a successful comedian: People like to realize that they are not alone in the world, and that their odd thoughts and private experiences are shared.
Tide Pods don’t take the form of an image macro — but it draws its power from the same place. “Boy, I’d really like to take a big honkin’ chomp out of one of those Tide Pods” isn’t the sort of thing people usually blurt out at the dinner table (or anywhere else for that matter). It’s highly specific, dangerous, and in a way, deviant. In other words, it’s perfect fodder for an online discussion. (This CollegeHumor video, from 2017, gets at the appeal.)
But the Tide Pods meme has expanded lately, hitting escape velocity over the last month or so and moving from the more obscure corners of the web into the lands where normies (and local-news anchors) tread. It’s also taken on a somewhat darker turn: A recent flash point is this tweet from last month.
It’s spiraled out from there, into a running joke about how funny it would be to eat something that would kill you.
Maybe more to the point, why let brands dictate the terms with which you engage with their products at all? A year and a half ago, meme culture began a months-long riff on Harambe, the gorilla killed at the Cincinnati Zoo after a child fell into his enclosure. The meme itself was something of a parody and referendum on online outrage culture, but it lasted in part because it was so difficult for corporate brands to co-opt and make uncool. (And maybe there was a third thing propelling the meme, which is that Western audiences found the name Harambe funny and fun to say, which I won’t unpack here.)
More generously, though, we might imagine that the idea of eating Tide Pods has a certain resonance to a medicated, surveilled generation, coming of age among ceaseless internet-based moral panics (Jenkem, i-dosing, the knockout game) and amid a constant volume of hectoring advice from parents and teachers and therapists and advertisers — all while the world collapses around it. It makes sense that the rise of the culturewide idea of eating poisonous Tide Pods coincides with the end of an exhausting 2017, and the start of a 2018 that saw its first statewide ballistic-missile panic less than two weeks in. Why take your doctor-prescribed meds when you can take Procter & Gamble’s, administering to yourself the ultimate cure, death on your own terms?
Tide’s Twitter presence is now dedicated mostly to advising people on how to immediately mitigate consumed detergent and contact a poison-control center. Whether or not the people asking for help actually ate a Tide Pod is beside the point — as a corporate entity, Tide can’t afford to try to separate pranksters from people who might truly need help. (YouTube has pledged to remove videos of people eating laundry pods, citing terms of use that prohibit “dangerous activities that have an inherent risk of physical harm.”) Laundry-pod-consumption rates, for whatever it’s worth, have been falling since 2015.
Tide Pods are, maybe, a step beyond the Harambe concept — not simply a meme that corporations can’t control, but a meme that itself controls a corporation. Instead of participating in the meme — thereby ruining it — Procter & Gamble is obligated to spend a great deal of money actively trying to shut the meme down. There is something thrilling, funny, and a bit perverse in forcing a company’s “I talk just like you, fellow teens” social-media account to request that you engage with their products less.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is also attempting the impossible balancing act of being a killjoy while also appearing “cool” and “with it.”
The life cycle of a meme is always a struggle over ownership. It’s silly to try to own an idea, or a joke, and to try to control how people tweak it and iterate on it. Tide Pods are the first step in a new age where — instead of resisting corporate meddling in the meme world — the established norms of social media are manipulated to force a company to participate in the culture in ways that run counter to its own interests.
Why, then, are Tide Pods suddenly dominating the memescape? Why are teenagers on YouTube eating, or pretending to eat, or, uh, vaping Tide Pods? Why is it that on any social network worth that title — from Tumblr to YouTube to Facebook to even, yes, Twitter — people are joking (are they joking?) about eating Tide Pods?
So you can still “eat” Tide Pods, but, you know, don’t eat Tide Pods. Come on.
Here’s where Twitter comes in. As with everything Donald Trump has said and done in recent weeks — or reportedly said and did in 2011 — a quick search of his handle with a keyword or two usually brings up some relevant missives. That time he tweeted about Oprah’s — who has recently made headlines after her Golden Globes speech inspired cries of “Oprah 2020” — talent for winning. When, in 2014, he tweeted a cartoon about the founding fathers discussing their concerns about the American people electing a “fucking moron,” only to be called just that by Rex Tillerson years later. With today’s shark news there is, as always, a corresponding tweet from Trump’s archives. Actually, there are two.
As a bonus, here’s a fun exchange between a person who replied — with a little profanity — to one of Trump’s shark tweets and wound up being called a “little puppy” and a “moron” by a future president of the United States.
Stenson blurred out Darby’s personal information, but it didn’t take long for people online to figure out who sent the email. In response, Darby posted a 17-minute video detailing her experiences since the Facebook post. “I never ever feed into drama, ever,” she begins, which is how you know it’s going to be good. “I feel so disgusting having to say this … as a 22-year-old girl running her own business from her home, I don’t feel like I did anything wrong [in asking for a free stay].”
The White Moose Cafe followed up with another Facebook post saying it will be banning bloggers from patronizing the business going forward. “Perhaps if you went out and got real jobs you’d be able to pay for goods and services like everybody else,” the post reads. (Somebody should probably tell him that in 2018, social-media-influencing is a real job, and a potentially lucrative one at that.) “If any of you attempt to enter our premises from now on, you will be ejected.” A third post thanked “all the bloggers” for the free publicity in light of recent dramatic events.
You’re welcome, my dude. Elle, you’re also welcome. Nobody here really comes off looking like a winner — though the man who decided to publicly shame a woman rather than just delete her email and have a good chuckle with his co-workers might be less of a winner — but it almost doesn’t matter. The hotel got a whole bunch of free press. Darby got a load of new followers and more publicity than she’s likely ever had in her career. And you, you got to read this post.
After Darby emailed asking for a free stay at the hotel in exchange for promoting the establishment on social media, the White Moose Cafe and Charleville Lodge posted Darby’s initial email — she was looking for a place to stay with her partner for Valentine’s Day weekend in Dublin — on Facebook and offered a, let’s say, blunt response. “It takes a lot of balls to send an email like that, if not much self-respect and dignity,” the hotel owner, Paul Stenson, wrote. “P.S. The answer is no.”
Darby also says that in “all the time” — that’s all of three years — she’s never gotten any rude responses to her solicitation emails, and that her initial email was sent “with nothing but the purest intentions.” The intentions being a five-night stay at the hotel in question. Since then, she says she’s been inundated with nasty comments and tweets targeting her over the email, “internet-bullying a 22-year-old girl who is trying to do nothing but run her own business, raise awareness about what appeared to be an absolutely stunning hotel.”
I cannot recommend this video enough.
Facebook recently announced that it would be tweaking its News Feed algorithm — now, you should be seeing more posts from friends, rather than from publishers. (Cue the sound of a million content creators weeping in unison.) Today, Mark Zuckerberg announced that this means your feed should now be just 4 percent news, rather than the previous 5 percent. Oh … and he also announced that Facebook is going to let its users decide which news sources they trust the most. “This update will not change the amount of news you see on Facebook. It will only shift the balance of news you see towards sources that are determined to be trusted by the community.” Zuckerberg calls this being “objective.” You might call it “asking for it.”
How, you might be asking yourself and scratching your head, is Facebook going to determine a list of trusted news sources, given the vast spectrum of ideologies among its users? It probably isn’t. In 2014, a Pew study attempted to find out what news sources Americans trusted and distrusted. The study — as pointed out on Twitter by Pew’s Mike Barthel — didn’t find many, if any, news outlets that people could agree on, an issue Facebook will probably soon be discovering. But, hey, now if you see some fake news floating around your News Feeds, the onus is off the company. Blame “the community.”
Many moons ago — well, October 2017 — representatives from Facebook, Twitter, and Google testified before Congress about foreign nations potentially using their platforms to influence the 2016 election. Today, Twitter revealed some of its findings. Turns out some 677,775 American people retweeted content from “accounts that were potentially connected to a propaganda effort by a Russian government-linked organization known as the Internet Research Agency (IRA).” Twitter has since emailed that group to say hi, just FYI that tweet you retweeted was from Russia and engineered to thwart our democracy. It has also suspended the accounts behind the tweets.
The End of the World began in 2003 on a playground in Tracy, California, where Jason Windsor and his friends were hanging out one night, disgruntled at the state of the world. This was at the height of the rush to invade Iraq, and “it was one of the first times where I could kind of see the bullshit,” recalls Windsor, now 33. Windsor used a piece of bark to draw the earth on the ground, with missiles flying around wildly. He and his friends, who Windsor calls nerds, were prone to making fun of a “vaguely Slavic” accent a character in Rounders used; later, when he decided to turn the bark drawings into an animation, it was this accent he latched onto.
“End of the World,” the animated video that came out of that night in Tracy, arrived on the then-popular funny-video sites Ebaum’s World and Black Sheep a few months later, after a friend who Windsor said, admittedly dating himself, was into “the hacker” scene, uploaded it. Initially, he’d made it just to share between friends. Instead, the video became one of the first-ever viral videos. While the total number of views from eBaum’s World and Albino Blacksheep aren’t known, a version of the video uploaded onto Youtube — not yet created when “End of the World” was made — has nearly 17 million views today.
Windsor’s politics were heavily influenced by his music: Anti Flag, Bad Religion, and Rage Against the Machine all helped awaken him to the “bullshit.” And like many people his age, watching the news cover 9/11, and noticing the way the story of the attack and its aftermath were manipulated by different channels, had a prominent effect on him. The push to create something came out of habit. His mother worked on computers for the school system, and he’d been working for her since he was 16, getting to know Adobe software like Flash, After Effects, and Illustrate. At the beginning, he only wanted to make his friends laugh. The end of the world, particularly as a result of man’s stupidity, felt like it would do the trick.
“Making fun of these very, very real threats to our survival, that are on the one hand not to be taken lightly at all — really that was the instigation to finally make another video associated with the end of the world,” he said of the sequel, which he especially thanks his wife for giving him time to make. “Because, yeah man, shit’s fucked right now, and it’s only going to be getting worse.”
“My friends and I came from a suburban town,” he explained, “so there’s a little bit of a suburban frustration there I think. I think all of us wanted to kind of get out, you know? There’s not a lot to do in a town like that. So maybe there is kind of a flippant fuck-this attitude [in the video], but I also think that people process stuff that way. When there’s something really scary, we laugh about it. These are real things that are happening to us.”
Climate change isn’t the only thing given more room in the sequel. Other nations, previously reduced to beloved caricatures, become more prominent in the new animation. Russia and France take on new roles, but so do immigrants affected by DACA, and people from countries America is no longer comfortable associating with. The sequel remains sharp and funny and at times absurdly crude, but in a time when the president can say just about anything he wants, why would you not portray him in the most disgusting way possible?
It was hostility in public schools, he says, that particularly pushed him to make the sequel. Like many parents, he feels personally responsible to leave “something” for his two daughters, a 9-year-old and a 3-year-old. Windsor, who at 18 saw global warming as a practically destined killer of his home state and planet, wants his children to be able to breathe.
Windsor himself never achieved the fame that his video did, and although he’s made a career out of similar work — he’s an art director and animator — he still isn’t widely known as its creator. But 15 years later, Windsor isn’t sure things have gotten much better. So without any sort of pretense, imagined importance, or even really credit for his past work, he decided to make a sequel to the beloved video. You can watch it here:
For many of us who came of age into a time when spending time on the internet still felt new, embarrassing, or just weird, the video was one of the first things we shared with other people. Unlike the more surreal artifacts of the forum age, “End of the World” was cinematic, funny, and relevant enough to be brought into real world conversations. The video’s jokey portrayal of a president hugging nukes in front of a desk was an iconic political image to a new generation of internet-native activists and voters.
“End of the World (Probably for Real This Time)” carries the torch into 2018, with a surprising loyalty to the original. While most updates or reboots attempt to shove an old favorite directly into this time period, Windsor’s sequel stays remarkably in line with his first project, updating ever so slightly but staying the same in theme and voice. At the same time, his skills as an animator and storyteller have grown so much that he interjects quite a bit into the four minute video. The results won’t blow your mind or make you say wow or completely destroy this republican politician or break your heart; they’ll just make you feel a little seen, and maybe a little happier. It’s the beginning of the internet revived.
After months of delays, Apple’s HomePod smart speakers are likely about to hit store shelves, after missing the holiday 2017 season and remaining in limbo since having been announced in the summer of 2017 at Apple’s WWDC conference. Formal FCC certification, some updates in an upcoming version of iOS, and reports that HomePods were being shipped to retail outlets hit the web this weekend, confirming that that the HomePod will likely be on sale some time in February or early March.
The HomePod will occupy a unique space in the crowded home smart-speaker market. While the two dominant players, Amazon and Google, have priced their speakers relatively low: an Amazon Echo is $100; a Google Home is $130. The HomePod, meannwhile, will be priced at $350. There are a few high-end smart speakers in that price range — notably, Google’s high-end $400 Google Home Max speakers, which I’ve used and come to appreciate for their audio quality.
All of these smart speakers — many of which are being sold at just break-even prices — should be seen for what they are: toeholds in the future many in the tech industry still believe is coming, smart homes filled with internet-connected devices. (The reality of that vision remains uncertain, since there is a wildly fragmented market and a consumer base that, outside of early adopters, seems largely leery of adding in new devices.)
If and when a majority or even a substantial portions of homes have enough stuff networked together, you’d need an operating system of some sort to run everything. Right now, Amazon’s Alexa seems to be the winner by default, with the Google Home eager to take up the top spot if Alexa should stumble. But Microsoft has made its own entry into smart speakers, Facebook is rumored to be considering the space, and Roku is licensing its voice assistant OS and reportedly building its own smart speaker.
Still, the Apple TV’s struggles were more about internal jockeying within Apple and issues with other content providers. What makes the Apple HomePod more important for Apple is that people who already use smart speakers could be using them to replace Apple’s core product, the smartphone. A recent survey from NPR and Edison Research found that besides traditional AM/FM radio, the product being replaced the most by users of smart speakers is the smartphone:
Apple is currently downplaying its ambitions to run the smart home of the future — its presentation last year mainly focused on the audio quality of the HomePod, and its ability to sense where it was in a room in order to deliver the best sound. But behind the scenes, it’s been quietly pressing both journalists and manufacturers to cover HomeKit, its smart-home OS, and the HomePod would be the linchpin in making HomeKit a real player in the space.
After beating the Vikings last night, the Eagles are going to the Super Bowl. And nobody has been more excited about that than the fine folks in Philadelphia. We’re talking really, really excited. The kind of excited that makes a grown man chase after a train that has left the station without him and then promptly run directly into a wall. Plug in your headphones and join me in watching this masterpiece of a Twitter video.
So I need VR headset.
What is VRChat?
Knuckles, the Sonic character?
There are certain worlds in VRChat that basically function as avatar shopping malls. If you head to a place like Al’s Avatar Corridors, you’ll find a bunch of legally dubious options. Or if you are a brilliant 3-D modeler, you can just make them yourself with the Unity and VRChat SDKs.
That same freedom also leads to a decent amount of trolling, harassment, and lewd comments, made all the more worse by the added mobility in gesturing that virtual reality affords. VRChat says it is working on a more substantial fix for harassment, but for now it offers muting people by default and advises everyone to use common sense when interacting with strangers online.
The reason it’s worth playing with an actual headset is that it really works as VR. VRChat supports body-tracking, so players can crouch and move their arms freely, if they like. VRChat also takes the size of your 3-D model into account, so some players can be enormous while others are knee-high.
In certain parts of the world (the United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada) Snapchat has already rolled out a redesigned, easier-to-use version of its app, and so far, the folks in places with the new app have not been particularly happy with the changes. (Snap’s Twitter mentions are full of people begging for the old version back.) Today, the company is changing something else for those users — except this one people might actually like. Starting on Tuesday, users with the new version of the app will be able to share Snapchat content with friends outside of the app.
Because Snapchat is still Snapchat, content shared off the app will have a shelf life. Our Stories and Search Stories will last 30 days, while Official Stories will last only 24 hours. Off-app Stories won’t, as of now, have ads. (But that’s how this business operates so enjoy that perk while you can.) To share a story, press and hold on a particular story’s tile. You’ll be presented with a “share” option. Tap it and send or post how you’d like.
That said, the price of bitcoin has plummeted nearly 20 percent in the last 30 days, as the bubble on cryptocurrencies in general seems to have (momentarily) popped. The price of a DVD copy of The Boss Baby, a film that was nominated for an Oscar and had New York critic Emily Yoshida raving that it was a film that proved “we should not let bosses be babies, because they are babies,” has remained relatively stable over the last month, making it (in the short term) a wiser commodity to hold on to.
While Cezar initially struggled with getting a refund from the seller, a third-party operator using Amazon’s marketplace, Amazon eventually helped resolve the matter and apologized to Cezar.
Google, after “researchers peeked into Indian consumers’ phones,” which, hmmm, created an app called Files Go that would allow users to easily find files they should delete. The app has a specific feature for blanket-deleting “good morning” content. It has already been downloaded by 10 million users since December. Most of them live in India.
This doesn’t seem to be the case, though. In reality, it looks more and more like one of the few people who can actually influence Mark Zuckerberg’s decision-making process is leveraging that position not to benefit Facebook’s users, clients, and even its own employees, but to bolster his own influence within political and media spheres. The chess master strikes again.
So you — like, apparently, the rest of the internet — want to eat a Tide Pod? Here’s the thing: You shouldn’t really eat a Tide Pod, but you could, if you’re feeling domestic, follow this very unofficial recipe and make your own, edible version of a Tide Pod.
Step 1: Visit six different grocery stores in Manhattan and Brooklyn looking for blue Jell-O. Eventually find some at the Target in Tribeca.
Step 3: Make a bowl of vanilla pudding. Any brand is fine. Make according to the box. Pour into bowl to set while the Jell-O is chilling.
Step 4: Make gelatin paper. Place a dozen tablespoons of water in a pot and set the burner on high. Once the water is hot, but not yet boiling, vigorously stir — we’re talking serious wrist action here — in one, one-ounce package of unflavored gelatin. Once boiling, stir in a second packet. Once fully combined — there will be some gelatin that clumps and doesn’t dissolve; you can skim this off the top … it will smell like hot garbage and look even worse — take the pot away from your heat source and let sit for two to three minutes.
Step 5: Prep your tray. Place a layer of parchment paper over whatever flat object — make sure it’ll fit in your fridge — you’ve got around. A baking sheet would be ideal because the edges will stop runaway goo. (I used the top of a gift box from Twitter. Bloggers can’t be choosers.) Spread the semi-cooled gelatin across the tray as thinly as you can get it without any holes. This will become the plastic wrap for your Tide Pod. Place tray in fridge for as many listens of “Reputation” by Taylor Swift as it takes you to start thinking Hmm, maybe this album is good. (About four hours.)
Step 5.5: Go back to your desk and after an hour check on your gelatin and realize that parchment paper crinkles up when it gets wet and this probably won’t work. Re-create step five using a foil pizza tray you find kicking around. (Alternatively, step five would work perfectly if you replaced the parchment with tinfoil in the first place.)
Step 6: Pull your gelatin wrapper from the fridge and cut two square shapes. Make sure to cut them bigger than you think you’ll need. Set aside, but keep in the refrigerator for easier handling.
Step 8: Pull out one of your gelatin squares and scoop a spoonful of the vanilla pudding into the center of it. Position one orange crescent and one blue crescent atop the pudding. Place the second gelatin square over top.
Step 9: Seal your pods by wrapping the edges in parchment paper and running an iron over them. I used a flat iron kindly loaned to me by my beautiful friends at the Cut, but you could use a real iron if you have one. (This guy on YouTube heated up a knife blade over his stovetop and used that. Anything that will melt the gelatin and create a seal.)
Step 10: Place your pod back in the refrigerator to chill. About 20 minutes. While you wait, watch the YouTube classic “End of the World” and its 2018 sequel.
Step 11: Trim excess gelatin from edges to create a more uniform square shape and hope that you didn’t flat-iron your pod beyond recognition.
Step 12: Bite into your pod and realize that orange Jell-O and blue Jell-O and vanilla pudding don’t work super well together. Also realize that nobody should eat this much unflavored gelatin in a single bite. Or any gelatin, really. Swallow and regret every life decision that led to this moment.
The earliest version of this recipe began circulating on Tumblr at the beginning of January. (It has since been deleted, apparently because “the legal manager for the Procter & Gamble Company” reported the Tumblr user for “using their [Procter & Gamble’s] registered trademarks without our permission.”) Thanks in part to the helpful tutorials of YouTubers Megan Weller and Sam Zalabany, whose videos were also inspired by the Tumblr recipe, we’ve re-created our own version.
Yields two pods and a whole lot of leftover pudding and Jell-O.
A faint glimmer of hope emerged in early December, when Vine co-founder Dom Hofmann tweeted, without warning or explanation, a picture of the text “v2” laid over a light-green background. The reference was obvious to anyone who had been waiting a year for any sort of announcement: Vine is coming back. Or, to put it more specifically, something Vine-like, but definitely not Vine, is coming soon. Vine was shuttered as a social network, and its looping-video functionality was folded into Twitter, its parent company, just over a year ago.
A brief frenzy occurred following Hofmann’s post, which was exactly what Hofmann wanted. “[W]e’ve been trying to make v2 happen for over half a year,” he tweeted yesterday. “[N]o one was supportive. 54 days ago [I] tweeted about it, without a plan, to force the issue.”
Now, it appears that a Vine successor is on its way later this year, and the first few details are surfacing on the service’s nascent forums.
The first thing you should know is that it’s not called Vine 2 — just v2. “Because some of our team founded and worked on Vine,” Hofmann wrote, “it’s reasonable to assume that there might be a formal connection, but there isn’t one.” He emphasized that the service is not owned by or connected to Twitter in any way (“Darn!” said nobody).
As for when v2 arrives, you’ll have to wait a little bit longer. There are no plans in place yet for a beta or formal sign-ups, though Hofmann hints that the current forum accounts might be used in some way. So, if there’s a username that you really, really want, it might behoove you to sign up for a forum account before this thing launches.
Hofmann also seems intent on growing a community within the app, having teased guidelines and soliciting feedback on where they should hosts chats (“Slack for gamers” service Discord won that poll). “It’s okay to disagree with or be critical of someone’s work, but name calling, facetious attitudes, or any other form of indirect harassment won’t be tolerated,” he wrote on the forums.
What you really want to know is how v2 works, and to answer your question, it seems like it will work a lot like Vine. Hofmann told TechCrunch that looping videos will be between two and 6.5 seconds, and there will be no filters or geolocation or whatnot. In other words, don’t expect a dog nose or dancing hot dog.
As for now, there’s little else for you to do but sit back and wait.
The smartest decision I’ve made so far in 2018 has been deleting every social-media app from my phone. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, even my little-used Discord app — they all got the boot. (Workplace chat app Slack remains for, well, work-related reasons, but you must have the serenity to accept the things you cannot change.)
Which is part of the problem with social-media apps on smartphones. As an Old Millennial (the oldest, really — I was born in 1982, the generally accepted cutoff year for the millennial generation), my early days on social networks took place entirely on desktops. You’d come home from a college party and leave a tipsy testimonial on a crush’s Friendster page, carefully arrange your Top 8 on MySpace, or poke people on Facebook while playing online Boggle ripoffs. You’d find people to talk to, hook up with, and argue with — all the stuff we still use social media for — but you’d do it from a desktop or laptop computer. And unless you’re some nerd, you don’t use your laptop on the subway or in line at CVS.
As you get older, one of the ways life remunerates your increasing irrelevance is you gain a measure of self-knowledge. And I know my brain is, essentially, like a bird pecking at a mirror. Put something shiny in front of me, and I’ll go after it endlessly until you either put food in a dish near me or make me think it’s nighttime. Social-media apps simply became that shiny thing. Every time I stepped into an elevator, or got in line at a grocery store, or simply walked down the hallway at work, I instinctively went for the bottom right corner of my phone where my Twitter app lived, opening it up for the endless flow of information and feedback. I was addicted, full stop.
It’s been nearly two weeks since I went went smartphone social-media-free, and so far I haven’t missed it. It’s also, frankly, changed my relationship to my phone. I used my phone a few times this past weekend to text friends and look up a recipe, but otherwise pretty much left it alone. The battery died on the thing nearly 24 hours ago, and I just haven’t bothered to recharge it. This would have been unthinkable even a few weeks ago.
This isn’t a solution for everyone. I know that for many, their social life revolves around these apps — not having access to Instagram or Twitter on the go would be the same as leaving the house without a phone at all. But if you find yourself grazing through social media with the same vacant appetite you might use to slowly work your way through a stack of Pringles — not enjoying it, not hating it, just sorta doing it — then give my solution a shot. You can always reinstall.
Of course, like any person in recovery from an addiction, the urge to talk about it too soon — especially amid the endless hunt for content — is dangerous. Relapse could happen at any moment. I’ve thought about putting an old-school web browser bookmark to Twitter on my phone’s home screen a few times — what harm could it do? Except I know I’d be right back to where I was, feeling low-level malaise while scrolling through my Twitter feed. One day at a time.
But starting in 2007, the iPhone and its hundreds of imitators have changed that — and had changed my behavior in the process. I remember not really getting Twitter in 2007. Then I got my first smartphone, had a funny thought run through my head while waiting in line at the corner store, tweeted it, and got a few faves and follows, and was hooked. Facebook went from something I’d use mainly to goof off at work to something to scroll through on the bus or subway for things to read, look at, and just generally use to ignore the outside world. Instagram, the first social network designed explicitly for the smartphone, became an endless and addictive scroll of people leading much more attractive and entertaining lives than I do.
So earlier this month, I just got rid of all of them. I still use Twitter (or, more accurately, Tweetdeck) on my computer, and check in on Facebook when I use my laptop, but I use my laptop much more rarely and in much fewer places than my phone. When I use them, I tend to be be more intentional in my use — I’m running through lists on Twitter trying to get a sense of the current news cycle, or quickly making (or responding to) announcements about major and minor life events on Facebook.
Apple put out an announcement about the upcoming iOS 11.3 update. At the top: new animoji! Apple is adding a dragon, a bear, a skull, and a lion, for 16 animoji in total. Awesome!
And then, five paragraphs later, Apple notifies users that it plans to allow users to turn off its controversial software fix that slowed down the processor in phones with degraded batteries in order to provide longer and more consistent battery life. That update reads, in full:
Apple is facing a raft of lawsuits and regulatory probes about that power management feature, and saw the company uncharacteristically caught flat-footed in both the press and public opinion against the measure. In response, Apple issued a full apology in late December, and reduced the battery replacement fee for phones from $79 to $29.
That Apple had planned to introduce a better way for users to check in on battery life was well-known, but news that users can turn off the power management feature that has given Apple so many headaches was only revealed in an interview Tim Cook gave to ABC News last week.
There’s a good chance you haven’t heard of San Diego–based company Qualcomm. Or if you have, it’s only as one of a list of brand names mentioned when reading about smartphones — it makes the Snapdragon processor found in nearly every major Android phone, and its modems, which allow your cell phone to grab data over the air, were found in every iPhone until the iPhone 7, and are still heavily used by both Apple and Android manufacturers. There’s a near certainty that you own or owned something with a Qualcomm chip inside of it.
But you’ll probably hear the name Qualcomm today. The European Commission has handed down a €997 million fine (or about $1.2 billion) against the chipmaker, thanks to a scheme to pay off Apple to continue to use its chips — and its chips only — in the iPhone, iPad, and other Apple products. That fine represents a hefty one percent of the company’s $100 billion market capitalization, and comes as the company is facing a potential hostile takeover by rival chipmaker Broadcom.
Regardless, this Qualcomm deal absolutely had an effect on iPhone owners. While the Qualcomm deal was in place from 2011 to 2016, every iPhone used a Qualcomm modem. Once the Qualcomm deal expired in 2016, Apple began to use Intel chips in some of its phones, starting with the iPhone 7 (though it still uses both Qualcomm and Intel modems, depending on which type of network your carrier uses).
To be absolutely clear here: The EU didn’t come down on Qualcomm for being dominant in the LTE space. It fined Qualcomm for making payments for Apple to not even consider using other chip manufacturers.
These sort of “exclusivity agreements” are rife throughout tech (and, more generally, the business world). You encounter one every day if you use an iPhone: Google currently pays Apple $3 billion a year to keep Google as the default search engine on the iPhone’s web browser.
The generous interpretation of what Apple was doing here is “using its advanced market position to extract favorable deal terms.” The less generous (and more accurate) interpretation here is that Apple was accepting a bribe.
Still, the on-the-ground reality is even muddier: Apple and Qualcomm are currently engaged in a lengthy lawsuit about Qualcomm extracting royalties from Apple for its patents, and Qualcomm has been machine-gunned with fines across the globe for its patent practices. There aren’t any clean hands here.
More broadly, the fine highlights the EU’s strange new position on the world stage: It has become the fiercest watchdog of American tech companies, while the FTC in America has largely stood idly by, under both the Obama and Trump administrations. In June 2017, the EU handed down a $2.7 billion fine to Google for giving favorable rankings in its shopping engine. In August 2016, the EU ordered Apple to pay Ireland $16 billion in allegedly unpaid taxes. In May 2016, the EU slapped Facebook with a $136 million fine for misleading regulators about its acquisition of WhatsApp.
Apple did nothing illegal under EU law in the Qualcomm case — Vestager made that clear in a press conference in Brussels this morning. This case was entirely about Qualcomm’s behavior, not Cupertino’s. But the reason Apple didn’t do anything illegal is simple and also somewhat maddening: It isn’t a cartel.
EU law (and international law in general) generally takes a hands-off approach to allowing individual companies to extract the best deals possible for themselves. “The law is weak when it comes to bargaining, as powerful companies can take advantage of their market position to put pressure on their suppliers,” says ABI analyst Dave McQueen. Regulators only step in if multiple companies act in concert together. If Apple had worked with, say, Samsung and LG to extract exclusivity payments from Qualcomm, all of those companies would be in legal jeopardy.
But the iPhone is monolithic enough that Apple didn’t need any other company involved for Qualcomm to offer up cash. There’s no evidence that Apple was the one to suggest this deal — it seems as if Qualcomm approached Apple with the idea, and Apple simply said yes. But still, you have to wonder why, exactly, Qualcomm deserves a billion-dollar fine for paying a bribe, but Apple is blameless for taking one.
As the European Commissioner for Competition Margrethe Vestager put it in a statement:
Logan Paul’s YouTube channel has been a ghost town since the 22-year-old vlogger was harangued around the world for posting a video from Japan’s “suicide forest” that showed a dead body hanging from a tree at the beginning of January. Paul deleted the video, posted a new video apologizing, and then announced that he would be taking an unspecified time away from the platform to reflect. That time is over. Today, he returned to YouTube with his first video post-scandal (and subsequent apology video). It is essentially a seven-minute suicide-prevention PSA.
The video opens with shots of the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, while suicide statistics — “One person every 40 seconds takes their own life” — flash across the screen. Paul is shown speaking with Kevin Hines, a man who unsuccessfully attempted suicide by jumping off of the bridge in 2001 and now works as a mental-health advocate. He also speaks with several suicide-prevention authorities, including the director of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. “As a society, as human beings, we have to be more compassionate,” Paul says. “And that includes me, too.”
The video is a marked turn for Paul, who was previously known for outrageous stunts and prank videos. Aside from some voice-overs — “I know I’ve made mistakes, I know I’ve let people down, but what happens when you’re given the opportunity to help make a difference in the world? — Paul doesn’t do a ton of talking. Instead, he sits and listens as the experts and Hines speak. It’s, frankly, not a half-bad service video. His tips are clear and simple, and it’s not hard to believe that this content could actually be helpful for Paul’s rabid, and mostly young, fan base. Now, it’s a question of whether those fans will still be loyally clicking Paul’s content, given his pivot from irreverent prankster — to put it nicely — to newly minted socially-conscious do-gooder out to make the world a better place.
There are a lot of softly lit shots of Paul looking pensive, interacting with nature, washing his face, and petting a dog while piano music plays in the background. He walks viewers through five steps — step one is simply asking people if they are having suicidal thoughts — they can use to help people who might be considering suicide. Paul also says he’s “going to make an effort to contribute,” and is donating $1 million to suicide-prevention organizations. “For anyone watching, I want you to know you’re not alone,” Paul says, providing contact information for crisis hotlines.
A new challenger has entered the fray in the battle over fake news: God. Or rather, God’s messenger on Earth, Pope Francis, leader of the Catholic Church. In a new message marking World Communications Day, the Pope denounced “fake news,” which he himself has been a victim of. In maybe the most famous example from the 2016 election, it was falsely reported that Pope Francis had endorsed Donald Trump, a break from papal tradition.
“The difficulty of unmasking and eliminating fake news is due also to the fact that many people interact in homogeneous digital environments impervious to differing perspectives and opinions,” His Holiness states. “Disinformation thus thrives on the absence of healthy confrontation with other sources of information that could effectively challenge prejudices and generate constructive dialogue; instead, it risks turning people into unwilling accomplices in spreading biased and baseless ideas.”
Long before Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook became the most well-known purveyor of fake news, there was the snake who tricked Eve into biting the apple. Again, Papa Francesco:
Fake news: the work of the devil. The pope ended his message by inviting everyone to promote a “journalism of peace,” which is “truthful and opposed to falsehoods, rhetorical slogans, and sensational headlines.” And with that, all of the fake news in the world vanished, and everybody stopped lying.
Bumble, the dating app where women send the first message — patriarchy is over, if you want it! — has banned someone who may or may not be the real Jack Posobiec. Posobiec, an alt-right internet personality best known for his role in promoting the pedophile conspiracy theory Pizzagate, was discovered on the app by Twitter user Lindsey Ledford, who posted pictures of his profile online. The fake Posobiec listed himself as a six-foot-two “aspiring writer” with an ENFJ personality type. That’s the Myers Briggs “protagonist” personality, in case you were wondering. He’s looking for somebody to make fun of movies with him, if you’re into that.
Twitter’s got a new plan to get people hyped about Twitter again … the plan is to be, at least in part, more like Snapchat. The microblogging platform is reportedly working on a “Snapchat-style feature,” according to Bloomberg, to encourage users to share videos more quickly by reducing the number of steps involved in posting video content.
Ledford also DM’d with Bumble regarding Posobiec and his history of pushing conspiracy theories and “inciting sexual violence against women.” Bumble later removed the profile and tweeted at Ledford, thanking her for bringing Posobiec’s account to their attention.
This possibly fake Posobiec joins the real white supremacist Chris Cantwell on the list of alt-right dudes forcibly removed from dating apps. Cantwell was banned from OkCupid in August 2017 after he appeared in a Vice News Tonight episode chronicling the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville. Perhaps they can join forces and start an exclusive alt-right dating app. Like the League but … racist.
In an episode of The Office come to life, a driver in Vermont steered his car right into Lake Champlain on Friday. The driver says he was using navigation app Waze, which apparently insisted that driving into the lake was the right way to go. “The app directed the drivers to turn onto the boat launch near the Coast Guard station,” the Burlington Free Press reports. “By the time they realized what was happening, the car had slid 100 feet onto the lake. The three people in the car managed to climb out.” Another passenger in the car described conditions as “dark and foggy.” The car remained at the bottom of the lake before it could be retrieved by divers.
A Google spokesperson said that it would be “impossible to comment here without seeing the user’s driving file,” and that the company hadn’t “received permission to do so.” She also reminded people that while using Waze, they should still “use all environmental information available to them to make the best decisions as they drive.” As in, if it looks like a lake and quacks like a lake, don’t drive into it because it’s a lake.
The unnamed driver certainly isn’t the first person to blindly follow technology to a watery end. In June 2017, there was a guy who drove into a lake in Massachusetts and blamed his GPS. He’s joined by a woman in Ontario who similarly navigated into a pond and … blamed her GPS.
The real Posobiec later stated that the account was not his and that he “has a hot Eastern European wife” and, as such, wouldn’t need to be on Bumble. Bumble told BuzzFeed the account was connected to Posobiec’s real Facebook account, though it didn’t offer any details on how it had confirmed the Facebook account was legitimate.
Update, January 24, 2018, at 5:40 p.m.: An earlier version of this post indicated the Posobiec account might have been a fake. We’ve updated with new information that Posobiec claims this is the case.
Copying Snap outright has been a successful tactic for other platforms — looking at you here Instagram Stories — but who knows if this will work for Twitter. The company has been struggling with stagnant user numbers for months now, and it doesn’t seem likely that building a product more like Snapchat, an app that is also struggling, according to recently revealed company internals, is going to be the answer.
The Apple HomePod is arriving to the market late, is more expensive than the competition, and (potentially) has a voice assistant that just doesn’t work as well as either Amazon’s Alexa or Google’s Assistant.
But dang, it sounds nice.
There was also a side-by-side sound comparison with some of the HomePod’s main competition: a Sonos One speaker, a second-generation Amazon Echo, and the Google Home Max (the best-sounding smart speaker I’ve used). We got brief moments with three songs: Radiohead’s “Fake Plastic Trees,” Zero 7’s “In the Waiting Line,” and a live version of the Eagles’ “Hotel California.” The Amazon Echo was the most obviously outclassed — sound was more compressed, instrumentation was lost, and stereo separation was pretty much nonexistent. The Sonos One, which I’ve been generally impressed with, was also outclassed — bass was noticeably thinner on every song, and smaller details like the attack on the strumming in “Fake Plastic Trees” disappeared.
But the Echo costs $100, and the Sonos One costs $200 (and Sonos is about to start selling two-packs for $350, or the same price as a HomePod). The most interesting comparison came between the Google Home Max — which currently retails for $400 — and the HomePod. I can’t say which sounded better, just that each had its strengths. The sound-staging on the Max — that is, its ability to trick your brain into thinking that different instruments and different sounds were coming from different parts of the room — is much more open and interesting. The HomePod creates a more filled-in soundstage that, in my opinion, makes it harder to pull individual parts of songs apart. Put more simply, on the live version of “Hotel California,” the Google Home Max gave the impression of a band playing with some physical distance between each player, while the HomePod put them much closer together.
I listened to snippets from six songs to start: Ed Sheeran’s “The Shape of You,” Ariana Grande’s “Side to Side,” the song “My Shot” from Hamilton, “Let It Go” from Disney’s Frozen, Tom Petty’s “Won’t Back Down,” and Gregory Porter’s “Holding On.” Two things stood out. One, the HomePod delivers remarkably clear vocals across the board — in each song, the singer’s voice is placed out in front of the music. Two, the HomePod, despite not being much bigger than an Echo or Google Home, delivers a much more sonically dense sound. Small details — the ring of individual strings during down strums of rhythm guitar in Tom Petty’s “Won’t Back Down” — were present and distinct, and it overall presented a much more complete and complex sound than I’m used to hearing from smart speakers.
I was also shown how to set up a HomePod — a quick 60-second process using an iOS device capable of running iOS 11.3. You can tie the HomePod to one iCloud account, meaning you can use the HomePod to send messages, create notes, or set reminders — the same basic stuff you can do with Siri on your phone. Smartly, the HomePod senses when your phone is out of the home and removes the capability for someone else to, say, send a text message from your phone. You can also use the HomePod as a speakerphone, an appealing prospect (and one I’ve enjoyed using smart speakers for in the past).
There were, even in a controlled environment, moments where the rough edges of Siri appeared: Siri failed to pick up a repeated command to stop playing music at one point. To be fair, this is something that has happened to me on both the Amazon Echo and Google Home, but Siri and the HomePod are operating on the back foot here — Siri needs to exceed expectations, I think, for consumers to really take to using the HomePod. There’s also the fact that while you’ll be able to connect other devices to the HomePod, you’ll need to use the (long-delayed) AirPlay 2 standard, Apple’s answer to Bluetooth. Bluetooth can be a frustrating, maddening experience, but it’s also near universal. AirPlay 2 will be found on Apple devices and a small handful of third-party items. If you’re planning on streaming sound from your non-Mac laptop to the a HomePod, it’s not going to happen. Then again, it’s tough to imagine anyone buying a HomePod who isn’t already deeply enmeshed in the Apple ecosystem — a $350 smart speaker isn’t for dabblers.
There was also a demo of a HomePod in the kitchen controlling a series of smart-home devices using Apple’s HomeKit setup. It impressed on first glance — HomeKit is built around the idea of “scenes,” that you set up, so you may have one set up things that happen in the morning (turn on the coffee maker, warm up the house, open the blinds) and another for the end of the day (lower the blinds, turn off the lights, and lower the thermostat a bit while you sleep).
Overall, I came away really impressed with the HomePod — it delivers sound that, at first blush, equals what the Google Home Max can do in a slightly cheaper and, more importantly, smaller package, and it easily outpaces the rest of the competition. How much this matters to you is a more interesting question: The Amazon Echo doesn’t have great sound, but it’s good enough for most people. But Apple has never been a company selling to the “good enough” crowd.
I had a chance yesterday evening to spend about 45 minutes with the upcoming Apple HomePod in an airy Tribeca loft. It was an interesting choice as a space to show off audio gear — the ceilings in the room used to sample the baseline acoustics of the HomePod were easily 22 feet or higher, and spoken conversation in the room echoed. It was a challenging place to show off a speaker, but the HomePod easily stood up to the challenge.
The more open question is how the HomePod handles everything else a smart speaker is supposed to do. I’m still regularly frustrated by Siri when attempting to use my iPhone for even basic stuff — simple questions, setting timers, sending texts. Whether the HomePod has solved for some of those frustrations can only be answered with some time with a HomePod in my actual home. Still, even if I’m left arguing with Siri about whether I said to play A$AP Rocky or Aesop Rock, I know the argument is gonna sound great.
Is everything okay with Katy Perry? Her last album, Witness, flopped pretty hard, and now … she’s into cryptocurrency? Today, she posted nail art on Instagram featuring logos for bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, monero, and stellar.
That is not a grainy picture of Katy Perry — the real one is apparently into cryptocurrencies now — doing porn. It’s a still from an AI-generated clip with Perry’s face edited over the body of some other woman shooting porn. But if I didn’t tell you that and somebody told you, Oh, yeah, that’s Katy Perry, you might believe it. Which is frightening because this technology is only going to get better.
Perry is this week’s second crypto-adjacent music star. It was reported earlier that 50 Cent became an accidental Bitcoin millionaire after accepting coins as payment for an album he put out in 2014. With pop stars getting in on the action, the ultimate question is whether it’s time to hodl or time to sell.
Motherboard has been chronicling the AI-generated porn world since last December, when it reported on a Reddit user, “deepfakes,” who spends a lot of time creating these videos using machine-learning algorithms. Since then, the practice has taken off. “Deepfake” has become a noun in certain circles, Motherboard reports. There’s even an app now, FakeApp, which allows users who aren’t as computer savvy to create similar videos. “Eventually, I want to improve it to the point where prospective users can simply select a video on their computer, download a neural network correlated to a certain face from a publicly available library, and swap the video with a different face with the press of one button,” the app’s creator, “deepfakeapp” — note that’s different from “deepfake” — told Motherboard in a recent interview.
And, as though the thought of having your face shopped onto a naked body to the point where it could be hard to convince somebody it wasn’t really you isn’t scary enough, the implications of AI-generated video go way beyond porn. If somebody with a little bit of free time can turn Katy Perry into a porn star, there’s nothing to say that same somebody couldn’t make Donald Trump — or any other world leader or key political figure — appear to say or do whatever they want them to be saying or doing. As if Fake News wasn’t a big enough problem already.
Think back on all of the times you’ve seen Oprah Winfrey. Giving away cars. Acting her face off. Giving speeches so powerful that people clamor for her to run the dang country. Now think about her hands during those scenarios. How many of them were there? Two, right? How about Reese Witherspoon’s legs. Also two, right? Some photos from Vanity Fair today indicate otherwise.
Witherspoon also looks a little, um, different in one of the images from the shoot. She appears on the cover — photographed by Annie Leibovitz — of the magazine with what looks like three legs. She addressed this on Twitter earlier on Thursday, noting that if we mere mortals ever get the chance to snuggle Oprah, we should take it.
The shots are from Vanity Fair’s 2018 Hollywood Portfolio. While Oprah appears on the cover of the magazine with just two hands, if you scroll down to the section focusing on her A Wrinkle in Time co-star Reese Witherspoon, you’ll see a behind-the-scenes photo of the pair. Which is clearly some kind of composition photo because, as we alluded to, Oprah has three hands.
Stars. They — and their extra hands and legs — are just like us.
I’ve been thinking about buying myself a watch lately, specifically an old Seiko Automatic like my grandfather wore. I’ve narrowed it down to a couple of models, but ultimately decided to wait to buy it.
But 30 minutes of looking at Seiko watches online now means that when I come to, say, New York Magazine’s very popular vertical Select All, I see this:
Of course, I don’t just see those watches on Select All. I see them everywhere. These are known as “reminder ads,” and have become incredibly prevalent over the last two years.
For what it’s worth, we tried to do this here at Select All, and couldn’t find the options to make this work. I reached out to Google to see if the changes are being rolled out across users, or if there’s a time frame I should expect to see the changes, and will update if the company responds. In the meantime, I think I may just end up buying that watch.
They’re also, frankly, annoying. Sure, they could nudge you to buy that spring rain jacket you’ve been putting off, but more likely, it’s just reminding you of time wasted looking at some product that you decided against buying, for whatever reason.
Placed on websites via Google’s ad-serving platform (and most websites you visit are using Google’s ad-serving platform), it’s easy to see why they’ve caught on: You’ve already shown an interest in a product, and given enough nudges, maybe you’ll just buy the watch instead of dithering over whether you want a gold or silver face.
So it’s good news that, starting today, you can turn them off. According to a Help Center article, you do so like this:
To mute reminder ads:1. Sign in to your Google Account.2. Go to Ads Settings.3. Scroll down to “Your reminder ads.”4. Click or tap the X next to an advertiser whose reminder ads you’d like to remove.
It’s been almost a year to the day since the #DeleteUber campaign swept social media and sent thousands of customers to Lyft in search of a ride-sharing company that wasn’t scabbing amid protests at JFK related to Trump’s travel ban, and surprise! Lyft might not be as “woke” as it had declared itself. According to a new report from the Information, employees at Lyft have allegedly been up to the same tricks that Uber employees were up to — namely, abusing their platform to track people without their consent. The company is conducting an internal investigation into whether or not employees were tracking their significant others and looking up personal information about celebrities, including Mark Zuckerberg.
The allegations surfaced via Blind, an anonymous workplace whisper app, where somebody claiming to have worked at Lyft said that they had seen people abuse internal data for their own purposes. The person wrote that they had “seen people look their exes up” and “stalk attractive people they’ve met” while riding in Lyft Lines (Lyft’s carpool option). The person said that they had heard a colleague boasting about having Mark Zuckerberg’s phone number, and that “another employee has bragged about collecting the info of Hollywood actresses and porn stars.”
A Lyft spokesperson told the Information that any data query — like tracking your ex-girlfriend — would require logging a documented request. “Employees are required to sign confidentiality and responsible use agreements that bar them from accessing, using, or disclosing customer data outside the confines of their job responsibilities,” the spokesperson said. While the Blind post claimed that some employees had “unfettered access” to personal information about riders, another anonymous former Lyft employee told the Information that this is likely not true. “Abuse is probably possible. I don’t know people that abused it, but I assume they’d be smart enough not to brag if they did.” The former employee echoed the Lyft spokesperson in noting that anybody looking up a rider would have left bread crumbs.
If all of this sounds incredibly familiar, it should. Uber — among its endless saga of woes — ran into trouble in 2016 after news broke that employees were abusing “God View,” an internal system that allowed employees to track any rider in real time. Alleged victims of God View abuse included Beyoncé. God View was later renamed “Heaven,” and Uber said “fewer than 10” employees had abused it, and that they had subsequently been fired. Unlike God View, Lyft’s system, according to the Information, only showed drop-off and pickup points by latitude and longitude. Which is significantly less creepy than an ever-updating map, but still not great if that information were to fall into the hands of, say, an abusive ex who happens to be a Lyft engineer.
For a little over a year now, an internet portal known as Da Share Z0ne has captivated users with its nihilist skeleton mascot who still seems like a pretty cool dude. The person (thing?) running the account, known simply as Admin, recently launched an extremely successful Kickstarter account for a card game called “The Devil’s Level.”
To celebrate DSZ’s instant success, we sent Admin a few questions and had a brief chat.
What are the qualities of a good Share Zone post?
IT HAS TO BE COOL AND IT HAS TO LOOK COOL. IFF I MAKE SOMETHING BAD I WONT POST IT
Does the skeleton have a name? Is there more than one skeleton? What’s up with the skeleton(s), in general?
EVERYONE IS A SKELETON (THINK ABOUT IT) AND IM A SKELETON. SO ITS A PIC OF ME (ADMIN)
Why are so many people receptive to the Share Zone lifestyle?
LOT’S OF PEOPLE LIKE IT BECAUSE IT KICKS ASS AND PROBLY THEIR RELIEVED TO SHARE SOMETHING GOOD INSTEAD OF THE STUFF ON LINE THATS TERRIBLE
You raised way over your goal. Did you expect that to happen?
I DIDNT KNOW IT WOULD BE SUCCESSFULL OR I WOULD OF SAID JUST MAKE THE GAME. INSTEAD OF DOING THE FUNDING ON KICK STARTER. IT COST $28,000 TO PRINT ALL THE CARD’S AND THE OTHER STUFF AND MAILL IT OUT AND I DONT HAVE THAT MUCH.
Many Kickstarters are scams. Is your Kickstarter a scam?
ITS NOT A SCAM
Who is the most powerful admin in the world right now?
IAM THE ONLY ADMIN OF DA SAHRE Z0NE. I DONT KNOW ABOUT ANY OTHER SIGHTS.
This interview has not been condensed or edited for clarity.
Today in bad Google news: Wired reports that some Google employees are “being targeted” by a subset of their colleagues in an attempt to silence discussions about diversity. More than a dozen Googlers, according to Wired, have accused these colleagues of “inciting outsiders to harass rank-and-file employees who are minority advocates, including queer and transgender employees.” In recent months, many of the employees who are being allegedly targeted have been doxxed, with their personal information — like addresses and phone numbers — popping up on platforms like Kiwi Farms and 4chan.
The employees also told Wired that they don’t have much faith in Google’s HR department to fix these issues, though they note that the company’s chief diversity and inclusion officer, Danielle Brown, has been “supportive.” Instead, they say the HR department has been “weaponized” by the people who are targeting them. Wired notes that some of these employees have taken to searching for their names on sites like 4chan and then reporting any discoveries to HR themselves. Several employees described Google’s desire to remain “neutral” as actually hurting the company.
All of these complaints come months after James Damore published the anti-diversity memo, which ended up getting him fired. He is now part of a class-action suit against Google for discriminating against conservative, white men. Because apparently Google isn’t a good place to work for anybody.
One of the employees, Liz Fong-Jones, a trans woman who works as a site reliability engineer, told Wired that she has faced “violent threats and degrading slurs.” Portions of her internal discussions about James Damore’s infamous anti-diversity memo were posted on Vox Populi, a website run by alt-right writer Theodore Beale, a.k.a. Vox Day. After that, the threats increased in both volume and aggression. “We didn’t realize that there was a dirty war going on, and weren’t aware of the tactics being used against us,” Fong-Jones said. Earlier this week, she tweeted about co-workers at Google sharing hateful videos about her.
According to Google, my face closely resembles an oil painting from 1628 entitled Rembrandt Laughing. Prior to downloading Google’s Arts and Culture app — you know the one everybody used this January to find out which fine-art piece most looked like their selfie — I had never once looked in a mirror and thought, Ah, yes, you look very much like a middle-aged, Dutchman, but if the Google computer says so, it must be true.
There is a hot new meme out there and, make no mistake, it is insanely good. It’s the sort of thing where, if Vine still existed, it would be the hot new thing on Vine. It started in China, and I’m not sure if there’s an official name for it, but let’s just call it the “Karma’s a Bitch Challenge.”
Here’s how it works: First, you appear one way, and then with a quick flourish and some subtle editing, you appear an entirely different way. Before you glow up, you have to lip-sync “Karma’s a bitch,” a line from Riverdale said by Veronica Lodge (that is set against a remix of “Gucci Gucci,” the 2011 track from one-hit wonder Kreayshawn).
Here are some other favorite examples.
Anyway, it’s a very good, very positive meme. Please make more of these, thanks in advance.
Have a question or a theory about your favorite social-media site or smartphone app you’d like us to look into? Email madison.kircher@nymag.com.
Before I got back my results from the app, I had to accept Google’s terms of service. As far as TOSes go, it seemed pretty straightforward: “When you take a photo with this feature, your photo is sent to Google to find artworks that look like you. Google won’t use data from your phone for any other purpose and will only store your photo for the time is takes to search matches.”
“The cause of concern here would be the potential for this data to be uploaded to centralized servers in the brief time a photo is in Google’s possession and all the potential downsides that come along with it, such as these servers acting as easy targets for hackers,” says Deepak Dutt, CEO of Zighra, an AI fraud-detection platform. Google says it holds on to your selfie only as long as it takes to make the match, and as far as security goes in that brief moment, Google is a pretty good bet. “I have no reason to doubt that Google takes the security of the facial biometric data collected by the Arts and Culture app very seriously, and that all selfies are in fact deleted as claimed,” says Travis Jarae, CEO of OWI, a strategy and research company that focuses on privacy.
The question is, though: Now that I’ve had my transformative experience and learned of my resemblance to Rembrandt (which I choose to take as a compliment), what’s Google doing with that selfie I took in the app? Is it keeping it forever? Using it to train facial-recognition software?
Great, so Google promises it isn’t building some crazy biometric database of the faces of people who just wanted to find out if they look more like a Picasso or a Klimt. Still, the app — which was only available in the United States, likely because the U.S. doesn’t have the world’s strictest internet privacy laws — wasn’t available to users in Illinois, where it was prohibited under the state’s biometric privacy laws. If it wasn’t safe enough for the fine folks of Illinois, shouldn’t we here in New York … and every other state in the union, be worried, too?
But just because Google is taking good care of your photo doesn’t mean that there isn’t an ulterior motive to its self-harvesting: “While the primary goal of the facial-recognition feature is to drive users toward Google’s Arts and Culture app,” Jarae says, “Google is most likely using the selfies to further train their AI facial-recognition models, and gather valuable user metrics,” — and, as he points out, Google wouldn’t need to hold on to our selfies, or biometric data, to continue training its models.
So if you’re wary about your selfie being kept by Google forever, you can probably rest easy. And if you don’t want your face being used to help train Google AI, maybe don’t snap a selfie.
But the fact is, you’re probably too late. “Consumers who already use Google Photos or social-media networks like Facebook and Instagram make their photos available online, so anyone can find your image and use it for the same purpose,” Dutt says. As Jarae puts it, “The only way to be sure your data is secure is to simply not surrender it in the first place.”
If you ask an Amazon Echo “Who is Jesus Christ,” the robot will prattle off something from Wikipedia. “Jesus, also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth,” and so forth and so on. But if you ask a Google Home, you’ll get crickets. (Actually, the device will say, “I’m not sure how to help you with that.”) David Sams, a man from Tennessee, is very concerned about this conspiracy. “It’s kinda scary, it’s almost like Google has taken Jesus and God out of smart audio,” Sams told WJLA. “First it started with schools.”
A Google Home will apparently tell you plenty about Satan and Muhammad, WJLA also reports, but just not Jesus. Which is, as far as Martin Collins, another Tennessee resident is concerned, Google taking PC culture a step too far. “They took prayer out of schools, they think just taking Jesus out of everything is politically correct these days and I think that’s the stem of a lot of our problems,” Collins said, noting that if Google has “some kind of wizard making these decisions” they should correct this error pronto. Amen.
This audio specifically comes from a Riverdale fan edit on Instagram from user @emiliasbastard.
Update: This posted has been edited to include the Instagram post that the meme’s audio comes from.
What if, and try to stay with me here, we left rats alone and didn’t use them for our own selfish viral fame? What a thought! This weekend, a video of “Shower Rat,” a rat who is purportedly, well, showering, began making the rounds online. In the clip — which you can watch here — a rat stands above a tiny drain rubbing its body, which is covered in soap. The li’l rodent just wanted to be clean, and like a Disney cartoon come to life, tracked down some soap and lathered up. Cute, right? Sure, except, as noted by Gizmodo, that’s not how rats clean themselves.
Here are a few things the guy in this video, entitled “We Stole Tampons From the Cashier-less Amazon Go Store,” does not actually do. He does not steal anything. And he does not walk out with a box of tampons. Instead, he picks up a box of pads — which he repeatedly refers to as tampons until about three-quarters of the way through the video — while shopping in Amazon’s new flagship, cashierless store in Seattle. He attempts to trick the system by setting the box of pads down in a different spot and then picking it up again — items are tagged and monitored using computer vision, sensor fusion, and so-called “deep learning,” and also a ton of cameras on the store’s ceiling — which didn’t work. (Earlier this month, a CNBC tech reporter managed to trick the system and accidentally stole a yogurt from the store.) When he left the store, his credit card was charged for the pads.
“Picture this, your SO’s got a feminine-hygiene emergency and cannot leave the house to get her own bio-waste-management products. So it’s on you,” our feminist hero says at the beginning of the video. “But you do not feel like going to the local grocery store and listening to the cashier making that stale joke about your ‘Aunt Flo.’” Truly shocking that a man who uses phrases like “bio-waste-management products” didn’t know the difference between a box of tampons and a box of pads.
Elon Musk is making millions selling … flamethrowers. That’s really all there is to say about that. The man you probably associate with Tesla or leading the charge to colonize Mars has recently gotten into the flamethrower business. Mostly because his hat business was doing so well he started selling flamethrowers. Because why not!
One of the best times to nab a new TV set is before the Super Bowl. (SEO land grab: What time is the Super Bowl? February 4 at 6:30 p.m. ET.) This isn’t because manufacturers and retailers really want you to be able to see Patriots’ coach Bill Belichick’s scowl in stunning 4K clarity, but thanks to a happy accident of manufacturing and the football schedule: With CES over, 2018 models are coming to shelves soon, and retailers and manufacturers are motivated to move 2017 at discount prices.
We’ve found seven TVs that are all great buys for the big game, from bargain deals that’ll let you spend more on Super Bowl snacks to “correctly bet $50,000 that the Patriots wouldn’t cover the point spread against the Jags” splurges. All of these TVs will either ship in time for the game, or are available for online order and in-store pickup. (Also, despite how the above headline may read, I’m not suggesting that you buy seven TVs, but simply pick one of the TVs below and buy it. Very few people need seven TVs, even for a major sporting event like the Super Bowl.)
In December, the Boring Company — Musk’s business venture which is working toward creating underground tunnels to lessen traffic — started selling hats to make money. If they sold 50,000 hats, Musk said they’d start selling flamethrowers, too. The Boring Company hit the hat goal, so over the weekend Musk announced the flamethrower were officially for sale. They retail for $500.
LG B7A 55-Inch OLED 4K HDR Smart TV
The best TVs on the market right now are LG OLED TVs. Capable of displaying darker blacks than any other set on the market, this darkness makes for an overall sense of much more dynamic color — every color just pops more on OLED — even though we’re rapidly reaching a point where even bargain TVs look really, really good. This deal from Walmart is among the best I’ve ever seen for an LG OLED, getting you a very good 55-inch OLED screen for under $1,600 — and it gets it to your house before the weekend if you order on Monday. Treat yourself. Also, if you’ve got the cash, I’d also recommend upgrading to the version that comes with a sound bar — you’ll get much, much better sound for marginally more money, and if you’re getting a TV that looks this good, it might as well sound good, too.
TCL P605 55-Inch Roku 4K HDR Roku TV
If you want a great picture for a great price, this TCL set looks much, much better than it has any right to do for $600. In fact, it looks better than TVs twice its price. Sporting both 4K and HDR, and shipping with Roku baked right in, this is the TV I bought for myself last year. More importantly, the big game is gonna look superb on this thing. Best Buy has the best deal going on right now, but if you are planning on watching the big game, I’d recommend buying one online now (they tend to sell out fast) and picking it up in-store — shipping times from every online retailer I checked are slow right now, as it seems that this set is proving more popular than TCL initially expected, and you likely wouldn’t get delivery until after the Super Bowl.
LG 75-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV
The LG behemoth sports everything you want out of a new TV — 4K resolution, HDR, and LG’s surprisingly solid smart-TV OS. But perhaps the big plus in its favor: It also has a huge viewing angle. While most TVs usually start to look washed out or overly dim when viewed “off angle” (i.e., anyone who isn’t sitting directly in front of the thing), this LG model looks good from nearly anywhere in the room. Even latecomers to your Super Bowl party will see every detail of this year’s tear-jerking Budweiser commercial. (My bet: This year, they shoot one of the Clydesdales during an ad in the first quarter, and then air an ad honoring its service in the second quarter, and then show its daughter literally taking the reins in the third.) Again, if you want this in time for the big game, order it online from Best Buy and pick it up in-store — no online retailer I could find could reliably deliver it to homes before February 5.
Vizio 75-Inch Class 4K Smart XLED Home Theater Display
For $100 less than the LG set above, this Vizio set gets you the same gargantuan screen, but unlike the LG, runs at a 120 Hz refresh rate, rather than 60 Hz — meaning it can completely refresh its picture 120 times per second, rather than just 60 times per second. This doesn’t matter much when you’re just watching Law & Order reruns — in fact, you’ll likely want to fiddle with options to that overly smooth “soap-opera effect” — but it is great when watching live sports. The 120 Hz panels will produce less “judder,” leading to a smoother, more life-life picture. If you mainly want a TV for watching live sports, this is it. Order from Walmart online and pick it up in-store if you want it in time for the Super Bowl.
The Spectre exploit — a dangerous, fundamental flaw built into the system architecture of nearly every computer on the planet — has been, to put it mildly, a real headache. Hardest hit has been chipmaker Intel, which has hastily tried to patch up holes in its processors (though AMD and ARM chips are also affected).
The problem is, those patches from Intel were causing, perhaps, more problems than they solved. Some were causing machines to suddenly shut down unexpectedly. Intel even slipped info that these firmware updates could lead to “data loss or corruption” in its latest financial reporting. For now, Intel is actually asking that users refrain from updating any firmware while further testing is carried out.
To be clear: Downloading this patch won’t make you safe from Spectre exploits. The main thing keeping you safe is — unless you run a huge server farm or are extremely famous or rich (in which case: Let’s be friends — hit me up on Twitter) — that you are far too small a fish for anyone to bother with. The Spectre exploit takes a lot of time and resources to really penetrate a system. The lack of value in what you carry on your machine is the best protection you have.
Microsoft machines — which, by a vast majority, run on Intel processors — have been caught in a bind. It first rushed to release a patch for Intel chips, but the results were causing machines running Windows to shut down unexpectedly. So it’s taken the highly unusual step of issuing another out-of-cycle update, this one disabling protection against Spectre variant 2.
Your PC machine won’t bug you to update here; you’ll need to install the update manually via the Windows Update catalogue. It may seem odd to recommend that you download a patch that actually removes protection against one of the biggest exploits discovered in recent memory, but that’s what I’d recommend Windows users do today.
A slightly longer string of numbers? Where can I invest?
So what happened? It appears that an enterprising person, or group of people used the identities of people actively involved in cryptocurrency to scam investors with a produce blockchain. The prodeum team is listed in the white paper as Peter Jandric, Darius Rugevicius, Vytautas Kašėta, and Rokas Vedluga. Jandric’s supposed LinkedIn profile is disabled. One redditor noticed that Jandric was stealing head shots for his photo, and it mysteriously changed after being called out. It’s also clear that the people who were supposedly featured as fans of prodeum were hired on the website Fiverr to promote the ridiculous cryptocurrency.
The other three named all have their LinkedIn profiles still active (and a significant online paper trail suggesting that these are real people). Rugevicius posted on Facebook earlier this morning, saying that his identity had been stolen and used without his knowledge. “My name was used as a tool to attract investments into a project that I have neither no relation with nor ever heard of it before,” he wrote. “I want to send my condolences to every Investor that has participated in the project named Prodeum. I will do my best to find and bring the people behind this violent act to justice. This event one more time proves how fragile our industry is and how important it is to conduct a thorough due diligence process before making an investment decision.” Sure looks like the strategy was to find a few guys on LinkedIn who say they’re into cryptocurrency and ride their coattails to a bogus ICO.
This is going to surprise you, but it looks like some bad eggs involved in the growing cryptocurrency market might not be entirely trustworthy or reputable. The crypto-trading community was devastated over the weekend to discover that prodeum, a new crypto token intended to “keep track of produce on the Ethereum Blockchain,” vanished into thin air after a cursory investigation revealed that it was dumb as hell and maybe a scam. And all it left behind was a website that said “penis.”
Shortly after prodeum was found out and its website went offline, it was replaced with just a single banana-adjacent word.
Before it vanished over the weekend, prodeum was in the midst of an initial coin offering, selling prodeum tokens in exchange for ethereum, a popular cryptocurrency. The address that investors were asked to transfer their ETH appears to have been empty until January 19, when ethereum started flowing in. According to the balance history on Etherscan, the wallet’s holding peaked at just over 2 ETH (roughly $2,400, not the “millions” some are claiming) before about three-quarters of it was transferred out late last week. It’s not clear how much of that was the result of prodeum’s ICO. The wallet has since been drained almost entirely, currently showing a balance only worth $0.56 cents.
Metro U.K. reports that the video was shot by a DJ named Jose Correa who says he found the rat as he was about to get into the shower himself. “‘I care a lot about animals so I wanted to protect his privacy. I would never want to hurt him,” Correa said. “So I just filmed him and let him go.” A few questions that remain unanswered are how the rat found itself covered in soap to begin with, and how Correa expected the rat to get the soap off once he released it. Gizmodo spoke with Tuomas Aivelo, who works in urban-rat biology at the University of Helsinki, who said that the rat almost certainly didn’t apply the soap to itself in the name of hygiene, and said that it was “totally possible” the rat was in pain. “A rat wouldn’t do that unless there’s something it really wants to get rid of. I think it’s soapy all over,” Aivelo said. “That’s probably a problem for the rat.”
In summary, please leave rats alone. Don’t add to the long list of things people have made them do — or pretended to make them do if you’re Zardulu, the artist behind the “Selfie Rat” hoax. Don’t make them interact with pizza. Or avocados. Or soap. If you’re really in need of some rat content, ride a subway to Fidi, read some Robert O’Brien, or watch Ben, a movie about rats, with the added bonus of a very good Michael Jackson theme song.
Invitations have been sent out for Trump’s State of the Union address on Tuesday. Or rather, invitations for Trump’s State of the “Uniom” address have been sent out. On Twitter, the Washington Examiner’s Laura Barrón-López reports that sources on the Hill are saying the invitations may be recalled due to the typo. Which is plenty laughable on its own, but frankly, the better part of this story is Marco Rubio coming for the typo on Twitter. Who doesn’t love to watch people dunk on their co-workers on Twitter?
The Trump administration has struggled with spelling before. Remember that time it took our president three attempts to properly spell hereby? Good times.
It’s fun to meet celebrities in the wild, and for those daring enough, it’s fun to get a picture taken with them. Take, for instance, this story about a child meeting Matthew Broderick and Matthew Broderick’s weird friend in Montauk. See if you can guess what happens!
(That’s Jerry Seinfeld, star of Bee Movie, on the right.)
Here’s a thing you didn’t know you needed or wanted, probably because nobody needed or wanted it. Somebody used the HQ — everybody’s favorite trivia app — countdown music and remixed it into a rap track. SoundCloud user McHinery — whose real name appears to be Josh W. — uploaded a two-minute track this afternoon inspired by the game. It is … well, you should probably just listen and decide for yourself. It contains bars like “It’ll seem obvious then it hits you in the face, bam, onomatopoeia, if you don’t know it, get good like the players in Space Jam” and “Raining down on my parade of lemonade, got up to question seven. Hey, at least I didn’t get out on the 11.”
For what it’s worth, HQ host Scott Rogowsky has given the track his blessing.
Amazon announced this morning that it would join with partners JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway to form a health-care organization for the employees of all three companies. The separate company would focus on technology solutions for providing better health care. Finally, American health care will be disrupted!
What is their plan? According to the press release put out today, they don’t really know, either. “The healthcare system is complex, and we enter into this challenge open-eyed about the degree of difficulty,” Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said. “Success is going to require talented experts, a beginner’s mind, and a long-term orientation.”
“Our people want transparency, knowledge and control when it comes to managing their healthcare,” said JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon. “The three of our companies have extraordinary resources, and our goal is to create solutions that benefit our U.S. employees, their families and, potentially, all Americans.”
On the one hand, rising health-care costs are a significant problem, and Republican (and to some extent voter) intransigence has prevented productive action aimed at finding a sustainable fix. On the other hand, this is the same Jeff Bezos whose warehouse employees are on their feet for hours at a time, afraid to take bathroom breaks, and who don’t get compensated for the extra time they spend having to go through mandatory security screenings every day — and the same Dimon whose consumer bank checking account charges a $12 monthly fee to customers who don’t maintain a minimum balance or regularly put money in via direct deposit, penalizing poor people simply for being poor. Can’t wait to see what they have in store for health care.
Somebody has been running — and logging their miles on Strava, a personal-fitness tracking and sharing app — around Pyongyang. If you’re interested in seeing their routes, all you have to do is look at the data map that Strava released last week, which also inadvertently served as a heat map, making it easy to locate military bases around the world, including U.S. bases in Afghanistan and Syria. While the locations of those bases may not have been totally secret, the routes highlighted on a map offer information about daily activity that could be incredibly useful to somebody looking to do some harm.
Fault here ultimately falls on anybody with a Fitbit — or any other personal tracker — who didn’t bother to tweak their Strava privacy settings. “It excludes activities that have been marked as private and user-defined privacy zones,” Strava said in its initial statement about the map. But who among us hasn’t breezed through an app’s terms of service and clicked “I Accept” without a fully comprehensive read. Plus, as the Verge notes, opting out of Strava’s tracking feature is a bit of a headache at present.
On Strava’s blog, CEO James Quarles announced that the company is “committed to working with military and government officials to address potentially sensitive data,” and it is “reviewing features that were originally designed for athlete motivation and inspiration to ensure they cannot be compromised by people with bad intent.” He also noted that Strava’s UX engineers are working on simplifying opt-out procedures on the app. Which is great, but not super helpful if you’re a U.S. agent embedded in Pyongyang whose jogging route is now public knowledge.
Per Axios’s Ina Fried, the plans for new features in iOS 12 have been scaled back, as Apple tries to nail down much more basic performance and reliability issues.
Per Axios, Apple’s software chief, Craig Federighi, announced the refocus in a meeting earlier this month. There had been plans to rethink the iPhone home screen; refresh Apple’s CarPlay interface; update the Mail app; and improve how pictures are taken, edited, and shared, but all of that will be delayed until 2019. There are still plans to roll out new improvements to augmented reality, health features, and parental controls.
While the big story of iOS 11 has actually been about a feature introduced in iOS 10 — Apple’s decision to throttle the processor in phones with older batteries in order to prevent sudden shutdowns — iOS 11 has still had a rocky start — there have been issues with iOS 11 itself. There’s been kvetching about texts and notifications disappearing from the lock screen, Touch ID messing up on older iPhones, and a brief period where autocorrect was bafflingly replacing “I” with an “A” followed by an odd symbol, making it very hard to talk about yourself in the first person.
These “catch your breath” updates aren’t completely unheard of with Apple, especially for the macOS, the software that runs its laptops and desktops. High Sierra, the latest version of macOS, wasn’t big on flashy new features — maybe the noticeable difference was a new interface on the desktop Mail app, and Spotlight being given slightly more screen space — but on behind-the-scenes improvements, including an entirely new file system designed with solid-state and flash drives in mind.
Facebook’s Messenger Kids had, rightfully, a hairy eyeball cast at it since the social-media giant rolled out a version of its Facebook Messenger service for children under 13 in early December. The service, an app for iOS and Amazon Fire tablets, doesn’t require a Facebook account to use, because under federal law children can’t have Facebook accounts until they are 13, and is designed to let children between the ages of 6 and 12 chat with their parent-approved friends and family.
The pressure on Messenger Kids increased today, with a group of child-advocacy groups such as Common Sense Media, civil-rights groups such as the ACLU of Boston, and dozens of pediatricians and medical experts all signing a letter sent today to Mark Zuckerberg. The letter, organized by the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, opens with this:
In response, a Facebook spokesperson delivered the following:
Facebook also took pains to say that no advertising is included in Messenger Kids. Of course, Messenger Kids, seen through a certain lens, works as a gigantic and very compelling advertisement for Facebook itself — and it’s aimed directly at children.
If there’s one continual gripe about Bitmoji, it’s the lack of detail. You can spend hours tweaking your digital doppelgänger and still end up with something that’s not quite how you want it to look. It’s clear that it’s supposed to be you, but it’s not you.
Today, Bitmoji owner Snapchat seeks to rectify this problem with the announcement of Bitmoji Deluxe. The new style of Bitmoji, in addition to the standard style and ancient Bitstrips style, features “additional skin tones, hairstyles, hair colors, facial features, accessories and more,” according to a press release. You can also take a selfie to get a head start on designing your avatar.
To get started, update your Bitmoji app (it may not have fully rolled out yet, but should soon), then go into the app’s settings and change your base avatar style under “Change Avatar Style.” Take a look below.
More than a decade ago, the television show Arrested Development came up with the amazing and ridiculous idea of the surrogate — a helper equipped with an earpiece, a forehead camera, and a baseball cap labeled “SURROGATE” in all caps. The point of the surrogate (named Larry Middleman) was to have him function as a stand-in for a rich man trapped in prison. It was a very funny gag because you thought, This could never be real. Now, it’s real.
According to Rekimoto, “Our pilot study confirmed that people could regard the masked person as a right person.” The developers also tested cosplaying as an anime character in real life.
The tech, known as ChameleonMask, “uses a real human as a surrogate for another remote user. To do this, a surrogate user wears a mask-shaped display that shows a remote user’s live face, and a voice channel transmits a remote user’s voice.” It looks, to be sure, extremely natural and not unsettling.
At the MIT Tech Review’s EmTech (the “em” stands for “emerging”) conference in Asia this week, researchers showed off a Human Uber, in which someone straps a screen to their face and fills in for someone else. Jun Rekimoto, a Japanese AR/VR researcher affiliated with Sony, showed the tech off using some very funny photos.
So, get ready for the next step for the gig economy. Hey, sorry I missed your birthday, but I’m sending an anonymous person wearing my face so I can Skype in, okay?
Last summer, two friends from out of town visited. They got an Airbnb in a luxe apartment at 52nd and Tenth Avenue with stunning views, but a surprisingly spare and utilitarian decorating scheme — as if someone had shopped at Ikea while slightly stoned and just said yes to whatever caught their eye. After a night out, we headed up to the rooftop, open to use by tenants. It was soon clear that many of the people on the rooftop were also from out of town, and also renting an apartment from Airbnb. At least part of the building was operating as a “ghost hotel” — a building where a significant number of the apartments are used exclusively to rent to people on Airbnb or similar services.
Airbnb and the city of New York have been at each other’s throats for years now. NYC says Airbnb facilitates illegal activity: It’s against New York State law to rent out your apartment for less than 30 days at a time unless you are present, and the New York City Building Code would require most Airbnb hosts to apply to reclassify apartments from long-term housing to being zoned as a hotel. Airbnb has fired back, saying it’s providing a way for New Yorkers to make money in a city where it’s increasingly hard to pay the rent.
However, those listing multiple entire-unit apartments are starting to wise up. Instead of renting out multiple entire-unit apartments, they’ve begun to subdivide these apartments into “private rooms” and then rent those out. Think less “ghost hotel” and more “ghost hostel.” This may simply be more profitable — more inventory with more flexibility means more revenue — or it may be a way to avoid detection as New York City begins to increasingly try to enforce its housing code against Airbnb operators.
For you, the average reader, it’s probably the finding that Airbnb has increased the median rent in NYC by $380 that’ll stick most in your craw. The rent, as we know, is too damn high. In addition, Airbnb rentals have removed somewhere between 7,000 and 13,500 units of housing from the market, mainly in midtown and lower Manhattan and the pricier parts of Brooklyn, during a time when the city is experiencing a severe housing shortage. But the more-damning stuff for Airbnb comes thanks to the study’s dive into the world of “professional” Airbnb hosts — people or organizations that rent multiple entire-unit dwellings like the ghost hotel my friends stayed at.
While the majority of hosts on Airbnb are likely what you envision when you think about Airbnb — someone with a decent apartment who travels or needs to make a little extra cash — the reality is that half of the rentals in New York City on Airbnb are being listed by just 10 percent of hosts. Put another way, the majority of hosts on Airbnb are legit, noncommercial operators, but they rarely list their apartments and don’t make that much money doing it. The majority of activity on Airbnb is conducted by “commercial operators,” which the study broadly defines as anyone on Airbnb who has multiple listings up. (How many people do you know with two or more apartments who are always away on business? Exactly.)
Likewise, the revenue earned by Airbnb hosts isn’t evenly distributed. The study estimates that there were about 50,500 hosts who earned income from Airbnb in New York City last year, bringing in a total of $660 million. But the top 10 percent of revenue makers on Airbnb earned half that revenue, about $316 million, and the top one percent of all earners on Airbnb took home 12 percent of the total earnings, or $76 million.
The study also looks at the effects of Airbnb on gentrification in New York, focusing on two neighborhoods that should be familiar to anyone who follows the debate around a rapidly changing city: Bedford-Stuyvesant and East New York, both in Brooklyn and both historically black neighborhoods. Both are experiencing growth in Airbnb listings that far outpaces the rest of the city, and both are also experiencing median rent hikes that outpace the rest of the city. The study cites the work of Murray Cox, who found that those earning from Airbnb in these neighborhoods were likely to be white. Minority residents suffer from increased rent prices, while white Airbnb operators reap the revenue.
In other words, there are New Yorkers making decent money on Airbnb — there just aren’t that many of them.
A new study out today, “The High Cost of Short-term Rentals in New York City,” is filled with pretty damning stats about the effect Airbnb and services like it have had on the city. (The study comes from Share Better, an organization bankrolled by the hotel industry and the AFL-CIO, a union with a significant number of members who work in hotels in New York City, as well as smaller individuals and organizations. So, grain of salt.)
On Tuesday, Donald Trump delivered his first State of the Union address. (If you read the invitations closely, it was actually the State of the “Uniom.” Which … whoops!) Before his speech began, the cameras panned to FLOTUS who looked … well, she did not look particularly thrilled to be at the event. Something which folks on Twitter were quick to point out. (To be totally fair, Melania looked plenty happy at other moments during the evening.)
The battery dustup is just one of many issues Apple is wrestling with right now. Yesterday, it was reported that the company is delaying features in the upcoming iOS 12 in order to fix issues in the glitchy, poorly received iOS 11.
Now, Bloomberg is reporting that the two government agencies have requested information from the company. The inquiry is nascent right now, and it’s far from any potential enforcement measures.
Airlines are not good at a lot of things. They’re not great at treating customers well, pricing things fairly, offering much legroom, or getting to their destination on time. The one thing airlines should be good at is knowing when their flights will be delayed — and now they’re not even the best at doing that!
Google recently updated its Flights app, which crunches numbers on plane fares and helps you plan trips, and says that the service can now tell when a flight is going to be delayed, before the airline officially confirms it. The company told TechCrunch that thanks to a combination of historical data and “machine learning algorithms” (whatever), Google can predict when you’re going to be angry and drunk in an airport bar, later falling asleep upright in a chair.
Google won’t flag a probable delay unless it’s 80 percent sure, so you might want to get to the airport anyway in case it’s a false flag, but at least when the official announcement comes, you won’t get caught completely off guard.
In a few short months, the idea of training a neural network to put a celebrity’s (or anyone’s) face on top of a porn performer’s body went from scary novelty to something relatively easy for even non-tech-savvy people to do. The Reddit user who first gained notice for the technique, “deepfake,” has spawned a whole subreddit dedicated to it, and there’s an app that allows users to make their own. For an example of the app in action, here’s a very safe-for-work montage of Nicolas Cage’s face getting put into famous movie scenes, to varying degrees of success:
Gfycat confirmed as much to Gizmodo, telling them: “Our terms of service allow us to remove content we find objectionable. We find this content objectionable and are actively removing it from our platform.” (Gfycat, it should be said, does host a large amount of pornographic material not created by AI.)
But YouTube won’t host blatantly pornographic material, so most of those “deepfakes” were hosted on Gfycat, a tremendously popular site for hosting short, animated image files. But, as noticed by the Next Web, the site is now pulling down images created in the subreddit. New submissions are still going up on Gfycat, but the service appears to be manually removing them, and subreddit users are warning others not to upload there.
There are also laws on the books in the majority of states outlawing revenge porn in general, but things get complicated when it’s a neural network creating the actual video, the body belongs to a performer, and the face is an amalgamation of hundreds of different pictures of a celebrity in question. It took years for laws to catch up to the problem of revenge porn, and the speed at which AI-assisted fake porn is improving is happening very, very quickly.
Meanwhile, though Gfycat may decline to host the clips in question, there are plenty of other sites that will. The bigger issue remains that in the near future, you could, conceivably, swap out and replace nearly anyone’s face on anyone’s body and have it appear at least somewhat believable. Fake photographs have circulated social media with ease; how much worse will it be when video is just as easy to alter?
The bigger issue is the subreddit and what Reddit will do. The site has traditionally taken a hands-off approach to pornographic material, except when it involves minors. But Reddit has a pretty clear policy about posting porn of other people “taken or posted without their permission” (think: revenge porn). Does creating eerily realistic fake porn of celebrities using a neural network count?
Kicking off the spot is Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, trying his hand at acting (this time without alien makeup). He’s really going for it with … whatever is happening with his eyes. He’s doing whatever the opposite of smizing is. Anyway, cute ad.
There is, however, the distinct possibility that the less-tech-savvy among us might now believe that Alexa is a real person they are talking to and not a complex blob of software programs. Oh well! Have fun trying to chat with Anthony Hopkins, Grandma!
Ahead of the Super Bowl, Amazon has debuted its ad for the Amazon Echo, which wonders, “What if Alexa was a celebrity?” Featured among the roster of celebrity fill-ins are Gordon Ramsay giving cooking tips (in a very considerate and understanding tone), Anthony Hopkins, Rebel Wilson, and, of course, Cardi B.
With Facebook releasing its annual earnings report today, Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook are at an interesting moment. Both need to appear to be doing a bit of soul-searching in order to become, in a very Facebook-ian sense, more likable.
Zuckerberg spent the past year on a epic road trip and now regularly posts aw-shucks updates to Facebook about his life and growing family. Perhaps this is for the purely mercenary reason that he has become a living metonym for his company, or for the completely human and understandable idea that almost no one wants to be unliked. Facebook, while consistently posting stunning financial results throughout 2017, has found itself at the center of press and governmental scrutiny for everything from being used by Russia to meddle in the 2016 election to illegally allowing advertisers to exclude minorities from real-estate advertising.
When Facebook released its third-quarter financial results, Zuckerberg opened with a quote saying that Facebook needed to change. “Our community continues to grow and our business is doing well,” he said at the time. “But none of that matters if our services are used in ways that don’t bring people closer together. We’re serious about preventing abuse on our platforms. We’re investing so much in security that it will impact our profitability. Protecting our community is more important than maximizing our profits.”
Two things to note here. One, while that 50 million fewer hours per day seems huge, it’s important to place in that context of Facebook’s 2 billion users:
Two, I would love to be able to see the analytics within Facebook that show that downplaying viral videos in the News Feed is the reason for this drop in users. (Anecdotally, viral videos are still very prevalent on my News Feed, and I’m not alone.) Because a cynic might think that Facebook is seeing less engagement time from its daily users so Zuckerberg chose to cast that as a noble sacrifice for the long-term good of the community and company, instead of people spending less time on Facebook for many, many other reasons.
Today Facebook released its fourth-quarter and annual earnings report, and on paper it’s a pretty picture. Facebook grew its advertising revenue by 49 percent year-over-year, and beat investor expectations by a good margin. But Zuckerberg opened with a similarly grim quote: “2017 was a strong year for Facebook, but it was also a hard one. […] Already last quarter, we made changes to show fewer viral videos to make sure people’s time is well spent. In total, we made changes that reduced time spent on Facebook by roughly 50 million hours every day. By focusing on meaningful connections, our community and business will be stronger over the long term.”
Longer term, after-hours trading saw Facebook stock has lost nearly 4.5 percent of its value. It’s not uncommon for stocks like Facebook to take dips like this after annual financial reports and quickly regain lost ground by morning as investors snap up slightly cheaper shares. But if Facebook’s stock price were to go down significantly, or its earnings per share were to shrink, you have to wonder how many more financial statements would come with quotes from Zuckerberg openly discussing declining user metrics, or promises to put profits second.
Amid a series of brief announces made by Nintendo last night was the intriguing prospect of a mobile version of Mario Kart, the long-running hit series about throwing turtle shells at go-kart riders. Details are scant, but we know that it’s called Mario Kart Tour.
Will Mario Kart Tour turn things around? We should find out in the next 14 months. In the meantime, if you really want a portable version of Mario Kart, you can get one on the Nintendo Switch. That system is doing pretty all right — Nintendo recently announced that the Switch topped lifetime sales of its predecessor, the Wii U, in less than a year on the market.
Nintendo’s attempts to bring its celebrated franchises to mobile have been, let’s say, unsteady. The company just announced that it would soon be shutting down avatar-decorating app Miitomo, which launched almost two years ago, and recently described Super Mario Run as a bit of a flop. Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp, its newest app, also received a lot of interest and an eventual muted response.
It was a bright, cold day in April, and the clocks were striking 13 as all the Amazon factory workers slapped on their tracking bracelets and headed to work. While this isn’t quite how things work just yet at Amazon HQ — maybe by the time they open that much-hyped HQ2 — the latest news from the company does feel a little Orwellian. This week, the company was awarded patents for a tracking bracelet that would monitor employees’ whereabouts in real time and provide haptic — think a buzzing bracelet if a worker reached for the wrong item — feedback to employees as they work.
Justin Timberlake will perform at the Super Bowl this Sunday for the first time since 2004. The performance marks the end of a 14-year saga for the singer, who first showed up at the 50-yard line back in 2004, and in the most famous non-football incident in Super Bowl history, perpetrated Janet Jackson’s so-called “wardrobe malfunction,” removing a part of Jackson’s wardrobe and exposing her mostly bare breast to an estimated audience of 89 million viewers for nine-sixteenths of a second.
In simpler times, the halcyon days of the early aughts, this caused a major media firestorm. Many theorized that the incident was staged for attention. For the next five years, the Super Bowl halftime show refused to touch modern music with a ten-foot pole, instead featuring baby-boomer acts like the Rolling Stones, the Who, and Bruce Springsteen. The closest any of these shows came to risqué was Prince pretending that his guitar was his dick. It all seems quaint in retrospect — the furor over a long shot of a boob on TV for less than a second. Hell, even the Super Bowl has decided to let bygones be bygones by inviting Timberlake back. (Jackson, notably, will not be there.)
Chief among the people I discovered riding the nipple-outrage wave was Matt Drudge, the proprietor of the Drudge Report. At 9:27 on the West Coast on the night of the performance, Drudge filed his first article, quoting a “well-placed source” who said that top network executives had approved the stunt. By the following afternoon, it had been updated with two images: a photo of Timberlake and Jackson, with her breast exposed, and a zoomed-in, blown-up image isolating Jackson’s areola. Directly below the images was the headline, “OUTRAGE AT CBS AFTER JANET BARES BREAST DURING DINNER HOUR.”
Poring over the 2004 Jackson coverage outside of professional media outlets reveals a web that feels handcrafted and bespoke. Examining the file names and directory paths shows a litany of deliberate choices. The close-up of Jackson’s nipple on Drudge is named “jjt.jpg.” It is a playful portmanteau of the initials J.J. and J.T., and completely useless for search-engine indexing. Another Drudge image from around the same period is named “jjteet1.jpg,” a rare triple portmanteau.
It’s easy to find video of Nipplegate online now. But in the immediate, frenzied aftermath of Nipplegate, in the late night of February 1, 2004, and the morning and weeks after, how did everyone relive the controversy online?
It is easy — almost too easy, some might say — to post multimedia online now. By 2011, half its lifetime ago, Facebook had an archive of 140 billion photos; 10,000 times larger than the Library of Congress’s photo collection. About 65 years of video is now uploaded to YouTube every day. Before increased bandwidth and widespread broadband deployment, before the rise of social media as a cultural phenomenon, it was not that easy to put an image online, and it was almost impossible to find a web service willing to host a video for you for free.
Even the most cursory snapshot of the pre-YouTube web we had at the time of Nipplegate reveals an online space that we’ve quite literally lost. Dead hyperlinks and low-res images. If we get lucky, they might exist on the Internet Archive, but much of it is lost to time. Not even Google can help us recover them — as Tim Bray noted, anecdotal evidence suggests that the dominant search engine is no longer indexing the early web, likely because there’s little ad revenue to be gleaned from it.
Instead of high-definition video and elaborate post-irony memes on Twitter, internet users in 2004 were treated to four-frame GIFs of Timberlake, with an animated penis Photoshopped onto his crotch, ripping Jackson’s blouse, hosted on sites like revengeworld.com (Archive.org link, NSFW, obviously).
Some old forum threads link to servers directly from their IP addresses, or to domains for long-dead hosting services. If you wanted to find video of the Nipplegate incident, you could, for instance, find it at 66.98.142.98/~volume/janet/JanetJustinHalftime-by_DaGlitch.avi or chaoshosting.net/janet_superbowl.avi. Chaoshosting! Of course!
The centralized platforms of the modern internet don’t have file names, they have identifiers — procedurally generated strings (youtube.com/watch?v=w5t-CmCwhZo) or a sitewide system of incrementing numbers (twitter.com/username/status/215908952024678400). The raw URL used to tell a story all its own, but no longer does. One discovery that hit me in a way that I cannot entirely articulate was the address mtv.com/onair/super_bowl/2004/flipbooks/half_time/images/boob.jpg because I’m imagining curious preteens crowded around a CRT monitor and one of them saying, “Go to em tee vee dot com slash on air slash super underscore bowl slash 2004 slash flip-books slash half underscore time slash images slash boob dot jay peg.”
The Kawasaki forum thread — “Janet Jackson’s Titty,” started at 4:37 a.m. on February 2, 2004 — features a link dump where the URLs speak volumes. There were, I’d infer, dedicated hubs for Jackson-boob pics at places like packetwarp.com/janetboobie or pornforlosers.com/janet or neotrinity.net/janet. Photos lived at URLs like speakeasy.org/~travan/WTFTIT.jpg (“Speakeasy,” in this case, is the name of a broadband ISP, not a secretive gathering place), and one member of the computer-science department at Montana State University hosted one of the clearest photos of Nipplegate at cs.montana.edu/~lindh/janet_closest.jpg. “LMAO!!! The very last link has quite the high-definition,” a subsequent poster wrote. “Anyone else notice how the pastie is being held on by a nipple piercing?”
These URLs litter the web, collected not on Facebook and Reddit, but disparate forum threads scattered across different domains and hosts. There are threads on sports sites like dallas-mavs.com (“I saw that sucker flopping around and just about pooped my pants”) and therxforum.com, as well as sites like Fark, the Straight Dope, 12 Oz Prophet (“Who saw janet jacksons bood at the half time show I did, best part of the game”), Star Wars fan hub millenniumfalcon.com, and the Kawasaki-motorcycle-enthusiast board kawiforums.com. On Facebook now, groups coalesce around specific interests and often focus solely on that topic. On the decentralized web of old, a common interest in one topic gave way to discussion of many others.
The term link rot — when hyperlinks break permanently, usually due to changes on the link destination’s end — carries a negative connotation. That’s understandable, because as a civilization that generally prizes knowledge and information, the idea of losing those things is anathema. Clicking on a dead link and receiving nothing in response remains one of the most minor and most enduring frustrations of regular internet usage.
In contrast, megaplatforms and edge providers on the web must continually reckon with the vast stores of media and personal data that they keep live and accessible with a few clicks of a button. Tagged photos and status updates from a decade prior often haunt users now; it’s no surprise that Snapchat’s push toward privacy and ephemerality caught on. Instagram now allows users to archive posts, hiding them from other users, but not the profile owner. Earlier this week, ahead of new European privacy laws, Facebook made sure to clarify that when users delete things from their profile, Facebook deletes them from its servers as well. We are collectively relearning that not all information needs to be public and accessible in perpetuity. There are tiers of import when it comes to the stuff we post online. Inadvertently, it seems like the old web understood this better than the one we currently have.
It’s often said that “the internet never forgets,” yet when we look at link rot through the lens of Nipplegate, we see something else: a self-regulating organism that decides what is worth saving and what is not. Personally, I’m glad that most of the media-sharing links I uncovered were broken, or only accessible through the Internet Archive. Do we really need to maintain every single repository of a celebrity nip slip 14 years after the fact, especially in light of changing cultural norms around sex and decency? I’d argue that we don’t. It’s worth noting that Timberlake is getting another shot while Jackson unfairly received, by Timberlake’s own calculation, 90 percent of the blame. But through dead hyperlinks, we can still remember that these cultural fascinations did exist once upon a time, map markers to places that no longer exist.
But Nipplegate, as it was known, was more than one of those weird weeklong morning-show and gossip-magazine scandals that enter our brains through late-night monologues and bad jokes. It also played a pivotal role in internet history: It spawned YouTube. Site co-founder Jawed Karim “recalled the difficulty involved in finding and watching videos online of Jackson accidentally baring her breast during the Super Bowl show,” according to a 2006 report from USA Today. Like most advances in web infrastructure, YouTube was born from humanity’s demand for pictures of boobies.
The bracelets, according to the patent, would work in tandem with ultrasonic units placed around the factory floor. Ideally, this system would make employees more efficient, since it would, theoretically, decrease employee error. The patents were filed in 2016 and only granted this year, and offers no timeline on if or when the devices will actually make an appearance on the arms of Amazon employees.
Of course, on the other, sorry, hand … there’s a patent, so it’s clearly under consideration. Tracking your employees’ every move sounds, well, a little creepy. Amazon, according to the patent filings, says that current inventory systems involve “time consuming acts,” which the company hopes to speed up with the introduction of the ultrasonic bracelets. Big Bezos is watching.
YouTuber-in-exile Logan Paul did his first televised interview with Good Morning America’s Michael Strahan as part of his continued attempt to rehabilitate his image after posting a video of a man who had recently committed suicide in Japan’s Aokigahara forest.
You can see why Paul agreed to let GMA and Strahan get the first interview; both the show and Strahan allow him to continue the same basic narrative he’s settled on since his video abruptly derailed his flourishing YouTube career: abject contrition, the claim that he only wanted to raise awareness of suicide prevention, and that he’s not a bad guy, but a “good guy who made a bad decision.”
Strahan presses him a bit on why he chose not only to film the body of a man who recently committed suicide but also to edit and post the video, but Paul maintains that he meant only to “shock and show the harsh realities of suicide.” Paul also says that the video has led many online to call for him to take his own life, something he deems “ironic.”
One moment of real regret and humiliation that seems to pass over Paul’s face, at about 3:30 into the video above, is when Strahan asks him about being dropped from Google Preferred, a mark of trust bestowed on certain content creators. Paul closes his eyes, contracts his eyebrows, and whispers, “Yeah,” with what appears to be real shame. “It hurts,” he says, “but it’s not like I’m drowning. I try not to live my life thinking about money.”
But anything truly illuminating about Logan Paul and this whole episode happens around the edges of the interview.
Paul also makes the somewhat laughable claim that he doesn’t realize that his fan base tends to be younger — there are dozens and dozens of videos and photos of him meeting fans who appear to be under the age of 13 — while admonishing parents to monitor their children’s YouTube-viewing habits more closely.
Underneath the layers of performative remorse, you see the same instincts at work that led to Paul, upon finding the body of a man hanging from a tree, to immediately flip the camera back on himself. It’s not hard to suss out that Logan Paul will soon return to daily vlogging, albeit making less money from his YouTube channel and relying more on fans buying “Logang” merchandise. For Logan Paul, the most fascinating, compelling part of this whole incident remains what has happened to Logan Paul.
There’s another, at around 4:35 in the video, when Paul talks about creating his “Suicide: Be Here Tomorrow” video, in which he met with the head of the National Suicide Prevention Hotline as well as a man who attempted to take his own life. “One of the things I’m learning — which actually pertains to me — is that crisis passes, man. For anyone suffering, I think it’s important to know that you are not alone. Why I say it’s important for me is, this is the hardest time in my own life. I’ve never been hated by the entire world before.” Viewed in one light, this is an act of empathy; Paul is taking the experience of others and applying it to himself. Viewed in another light, Paul is making the implicit comparison between suicide and halting daily updates to his YouTube channel.
In a bit of news that could truly only exist in 2018, Logan Paul — the infamous YouTuber now known round the world as that dude who vlogged a dead body hanging from a tree in Japan’s “suicide forest” and didn’t think anybody would get mad at him — is getting owned in the comments on a recent Instagram post from newly minted Amazon spokesperson Cardi B. “They trinna crucify me like they did Christ,” the “Bodak Yellow” rapper captioned a picture of herself on the red carpet at the Grammys earlier this month. “Lawlz u tellin me,” Paul, a man who claims to be very sorry about what he did and newly committed to suicide prevention, commented on the picture. Lawlz.
Responses to Paul’s, let’s say, ill-advised comment have been exactly what you’d expect. People are not pleased. “Lmao you deserve 2 b crucified bro.” “Boiiiii I’m bouta flame you. IF YOU DONT KYS SO YOU CAN BE ON YOUR OWN VLOG.” “You need to take several seats bitch.” The list goes on and on, featuring a significant number of skull, laugh-crying, and face-palm emoji. Also, a whole lot of NSFW language, which is to be expected if you’re reading the comments section of a celebrity Instagram post.
A personal favorite: “You are no where close to being as popular as Cardi B.”
Red Dead Redemption 2, a Western-themed open-world game from Grand Theft Auto developer Rockstar Games, has gotten its official release date: October 26, 2018. For those keeping track, this represents a full year delay from the initial release date announced in the first trailer of Fall 2017.
“We apologize to everyone disappointed by this delay,” writes Rockstar. “While we had hoped to have the game out sooner, we require a little extra time for polish.”
The original Red Dead Redemption, released in 2010, is a title many (including me) would point to as the high-water mark for open-world action games. It’s a safe bet that Red Dead Redemption 2 will be the best-selling game of 2018, even coming toward the end of the year. Grand Theft Auto V, released in 2013, still remains on best-seller charts and has an active (and highly profitable) multiplayer scene.
It’ll be interesting to see how this announcement affects the release date for other titles. October and November are traditionally the months when studios put out their flagship titles, but gamers may see that change slightly, as publishers potentially shift titles around to avoid competing directly with Red Dead Redemption 2.
Delays are common for major video-game titles. That said, most fans were expecting a delay of, like, six months — about the same delay that Grand Theft Auto V experienced — rather than a full year. “Red Dead Rescheduled,” quipped one fan in a subreddit dedicated to the game. “Fuck, I’m gonna be in college then,” wrote another.
Before today, if you wanted to make a text-only slide in your Instagram Story, you had to cobble one together using a combination of a secret pen-tool hack and an added caption. (True Instagram Stories fans will know what I’m talking about!) Now, Instagram is rolling out a new feature called Type Mode, which means you won’t have to do this, and if you never did this, you won’t have to learn. Instagram has been testing this feature for some time now and says it is available for all users on iOS and Android. (If you’re not seeing it, update your app and try again.)
To use the feature, open the camera in Instagram. Along the bottom, you’ll see a bunch of options — the camera defaults to “NORMAL” — swipe right until you get to “TYPE.” You’ll see a pink gradient across your screen and a prompt to “TAP TO TYPE.” Do what your screen says and, well, tap and type. You can change the background color by tapping the pink circle in the lower-left-hand corner of the app. You can change the font style by tapping the icon at the top of the screen. It’ll show “MODERN,” but you can choose from options like the self-explanatory “TYPEWRITER,” and “NEON,” a backlit cursive. If you tap the camera icon in the lower-right-hand corner of the screen, you can take a photo that will appear underneath the background color you’ve chosen.
Type Mode is an unsurprising addition to Instagram’s suite of tools. Users, especially influencer types, had already been employing a work-around for months, and third-party caption apps are having a bit of a moment. Earlier this week, Apple’s App Store served me a module of the best, hottest caption apps for iPhone. My personal favorite, an app called Hype Type, lets you add animated captions to videos and photos. It’s not hard to see a world where Instagram’s built-in Type Mode includes this feature, too.
Like so many of his forefathers — literally, his own father once needed three tries to spell hereby properly in a tweet — on Thursday, Donald Trump Jr. fell prey to a Twitter typo. A particularly good and funny Twitter typo. The kind that makes you stare at your screen, read it twice to make sure that your eyes do not deceive you, and then pinch your fingers and raise them to your lips to give a loud, wet Italian chef’s kiss. According to Donald Trump Jr., democracy dies in “dankness.” (We’ll give him a pass on being completely confused as to what a “byline” is. It is not, in case you are likewise confused, the same thing as a slogan, as this tweet would indicate.)
Upon reading such a perfectly wrong tweet, one can’t help but wonder, Is it possible the young Trump son types the word dankness so frequently that his phone autocorrected darkness when he typed this tweet? As in, Ivanka texts Donald Jr. saying that she and Jared are ordering pizza for dinner on Friday from that place he likes, and Donald Jr. responds, “Dankness.” Somebody sends Donald Jr. a link about how the kids are all eating Tide Pods these days … “Dankness.”
Have you heard of HQ? If you haven’t read 8 bajillion blog posts about it, know that it’s a cultural-phenomenon quiz show that 1.5 million tune in to daily. You might be heartened to know that HQ has, according to a report from Recode, raised a new round of funding that should keep the show going for the foreseeable future. But there’s a catch: The money comes from Trump ally, free-press enemy, and rumored blood harvester Peter Thiel.
HQ’s founders, Rus Yusupov and Colin Kroll, formerly of Vine, have had some trouble raising funds, despite its popularity. That was due to “alleged bad behavior,” as Recode phrased it. In the current climate around inappropriate workplace conduct, that was enough to scare some potential investors off.
But not our buddy Peter! Thiel has a track record of shrugging this sort of thing off — he donated more than a million dollars to the Trump campaign after the infamous Access Hollywood footage became public knowledge.
If you’re planning to swear off HQ in light of this Thiel-related news, you might also be interested in browsing some of the other tech properties that Founders Fund derives value from: Lyft, Spotify, Airbnb, and last but not least, Facebook. Best of luck with your ethical consumption.
HQ will apparently receive an infusion of $15 million from the Founders Fund, the venture firm founded by Thiel. Cyan Banister, a partner at the fund, will join HQ’s board.
A California court of appeals ruled this week that Tinder has been discriminating against its older users. Older meaning anybody over the age of 30. Are you 32? Congrats, you’re old in Tinder’s world. The issue the court was looking into centered around Tinder Plus, the app’s paid service.
Younger users pay between $9.99 and $14.99 for Tinder Plus, which comes with premium perks, like the ability to “rewind” if you accidentally swipe left on somebody you meant to swipe right on. Users over the age of 30 were charged $19.99. Judge Brian Currey, NPR reports, ruled that Tinder “employs an arbitrary, class-based generalization about older users’ incomes as a basis for charging them more than younger users.”
The lawsuit has been ongoing since early 2016. Tinder argued that the lower price for younger users was to get said users to “pull the trigger,” an argument that did not hold up in court. “Accordingly, we swipe left, and reverse,” Judge Currey wrote in his dismissal. Congrats to the over-30 Tinder Plus users of California who are now still single, but at least a few dollars richer.
A fun thing about the wide world of emoji is that while they are carefully selected — often to great debate — by a governing body known as the Unicode Consortium. Unicode decides which emoji make the cut with each new batch of pictographs, so these are the people who recently brought you the breastfeeding emoji, a pretzel, and a whole suite of fantasy characters. But once those are chosen, it’s up to each individual platform to decide how the emoji will render for users. Which means, the gun emoji looks like a real revolver on Microsoft devices, but appears as a lime-green squirt gun for Apple users. It also means that the drooling-face emoji, which on a Samsung device looks like a terrified face in such a state of shock that a littlest bit of spit — so faint, it would be hardly visible if you were to see it scrolling through your Twitter feed — has leaked from its mouth, looks a little more, uh, sexual on iOS. Something actress Jessica Chastain learned this week after tweeting said emoji while discussing Lady Bird and losing her virginity to a Dave Matthews Band song. (Who among us?)
Learn from Jessica. Choose your emoji wisely. Don’t make yourself “look like a pervert.”
“Why not sit in your mother’s basement and eat Cheetos and play video games and watch pornography?” Jordan Peterson asks me. For the record, he means it rhetorically, as the existential plight of modern man; my mother doesn’t even have a basement. We’re on the balcony of an Airbnb in a luxury loft in downtown Los Angeles, overlooking an unpopulated swimming pool. “That’s a perfectly valid question,” he says. “It’s certainly pleasurable, and not very onerous, moment to moment.”
If you have an Instagram account and have never once — not even in those early days before anybody knew how to Instagram with decent aesthetics and used the Kelvin filter far too liberally — posted an uninspired, so-called basic, photo … congrats. If you’re like the rest of the Insta-world, particularly the Insta travel world, chances are good that you’ve posted at least one image that looks strikingly similar to photos other Instagrammers have taken in the exact same location or scenario. The passport in hand at the airport. The plane wing nestled among the clouds. The ubiquitous shot — if you’ve been lucky enough to travel to Italy— of you holding up the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
Watch as we get a hands-on look at Nintendo’s new Switch experiment that’s equal parts video game and cardboard-crafting project.
On your next vacation, maybe consider deleting Instagram altogether. Or don’t. I’ll still like your travel Instagrams, if only because I want you to like mine the next time I take a trip, too.
Using public photos sourced from travel hashtags, photographer and artist Oliver KMIA created a hyperlapse video to show just how often this happens. There’s something mesmerizing about watching the Eiffel Tower remain constant and watching as a slew of different people flicker in and out, reaching their fingers to the top. Same with the Taj Mahal, Christ the Redeemer, and a zillion different kangaroo-crossing signs Down Under.
Two things seem to separate Peterson from other would-be most prominent public intellectuals: The first is that he is, essentially, a self-help guru. 12 Rules for Life, which Peterson describes as a book of “philosophical self-help,” distills Jungian archetypes, biblical stories, biological studies, and Peterson’s own life experience into a 12-item list of commandments, like “Stand up straight with your shoulders back.” On a surface level, the advice is direct and nicely practical, but it tends to veer into a kind of woo-woo evolutionary psychology: “Chaos, the eternal feminine, is also the crushing force of sexual selection.”
We’re roughly four uninterrupted minutes into the answer to my first question: What about this particular historical moment has made Peterson, a University of Toronto professor in L.A. to lecture to a sold-out crowd at the Orpheum Theatre, a sudden celebrity as the author of a best-selling new book, 12 Rules for Life; the star of a wildly successful lecture tour across North America and Europe; a candidate, David Brooks says, for the title of the West’s “most influential public intellectual”? “I think the answer to that is actually to be found in an old story,” Peterson began. “There’s an idea that, especially in a moment of crisis, you have to go into the belly of the beast and rescue your father from the depths of chaos. Well, that’s what I’m doing.”
The father in this parable is — I think — stable, individualist, Western democracy; the “depths of chaos” are (again, if I’m following him) the “postmodern neo-Marxist” attacking truth and meaning, and thus threatening the stability of prosperous industrial nations. At its core, Peterson’s basic intellectual project is a familiar conservative one: He stands for natural order, individualism, and responsibility in opposition to what he sees as the looming totalitarianism of the “radical left”; he says that, while responsibility must be balanced with “rights and freedoms,” we’ve been emphasizing rights “for, like, 60 years. Enough!”
All of which has turned him into a philosopher king–life coach of basement-dweller nation, a stern father figure peddling a kind of NEET respectability politics. (NEET, which stands for Not in Education, Employment, or Training, is a British bureaucratism borrowed as a self-descriptor by the web’s most asocial.) It might tell you a fair amount about both Peterson and his audience that his best-known and most beloved bit of insight is “Clean up your room.” (Perhaps the NEETs’ mothers should upload lectures of life-changing philosophy like “Put the toilet seat down, please” to YouTube.) Peterson’s is a message of personal responsibility, but not a heartless one. “I’m telling young men that, look, there’s a hole in the world if you don’t fulfill your destiny,” he says. “The loss of what you have to offer will be felt by others.”
The flip side of the YouTube dynamic, of course, is that the corner of YouTube that has glommed onto him is a marketplace with a particular kind of audience, seeking a particular kind of wisdom: aggrieved young men feeling threatened and alienated and seeking justification for their anger. Peterson is also known for his outspoken opposition to a Canadian law that added gender expression and identity to the list of classes protected by discrimination law. Peterson’s opposition is based on his reading that the law would compel him and others to use gender-neutral pronouns that he considers “an attempt by the radical postmodernists to occupy the linguistic territory,” and a video of him, in red suspenders, in the midst of an angry confrontation with trans students over “made-up pronouns which no one uses,” went viral in the fall of 2016. He became a hero to the anti-p.c. right.
The problem, as Peterson puts it, is that “there’s a whole bunch of people that are opposed to the radical left,” and many of them are, well, Nazis. Peterson is not “alt-right” (he hates Nazis too much), but, not coincidentally, his fans are the same demographic that tends to get preyed upon by neo-reactionaries. As with his book, Peterson’s lectures feature broadly good advice and in-the-abstract good ideas, which, when attended to closely, reveal themselves to be, well, extreme. He recently suggested there ought to be an algorithm that would uncover and list the college courses that feature postmodernism; in January, he promoted on Twitter a bizarre, long-standing 4chan conspiracy theory that Google artificially promotes image-search results that show plus-size women in searches for “bikini”; in lectures and on Twitter he’s speculated that “the feminists and the radical Islamists” have formed an “alliance” because of an “attraction emerging among the female radicals for that totalitarian male dominance.”
Peterson considered running for leadership of Ontario’s conservative party last week, after its leader resigned in a sexual-harassment scandal. Ultimately, he decided against it. “It doesn’t seem that it’s time to stop doing” what he’s doing, he says, and besides, his influence is only growing. The crowd at his Orpheum lecture in L.A. was more mixed than you might expect based on his online fandom. “I think that many of the things that I’m saying are attractive to women who are sensible,” he says. (Peggy Noonan, who devoted a Wall Street Journal column to Peterson last week, is one such woman.) After L.A., Peterson is traveling to San Francisco, where he’ll meet with the prominent venture capitalist Marc Andreessen. And then? Well, he actually wrote 20 rules for the book but picked out just 12.“The other eight are sitting there,” he says, just waiting to pull someone out of the basement.
Like other anti-p.c. crusaders, Peterson tends to insist that his more controversial statements are speculations in the spirit of free inquiry. But Peterson is also unconcerned about right-wing radicalism because he believes that postmodern leftists represent a greater threat to stable democracy. “The radical right?” he asks incredulously. “Who are you talking about? The radical right that occupies the humanities?” The right and left in the U.S. right now, he believes, are “quite nicely distributed in terms of influence” — the right with its power base in Congress, the left with its power base in academia and human-resource departments. (“Human-resource departments, man,” Peterson says, “they’re trouble.”)
The second thing that seems to separate Peterson is where he became influential: the internet. 12 Rules for Life began life as a viral answer to the question “What are the most valuable things everyone should know?” on the question-and-answer social network Quora. (Back then, the list had 40 items.) Peterson now pulls in as much as $60,000 a month from devoted subscribers on the crowdfunding site Patreon; the sub-Reddit in his name has about 33,000 passionate readers. But his home base is, really, YouTube, which he calls a “Gutenberg revolution”; his personal channel, which he began in 2013, has 720,000 subscribers, and his lectures live on, remixed and given slavering titles (“Jordan Peterson Destroys Islam in 15 Seconds”), on other channels.
*This article appears in the February 5, 2018, issue of New York Magazine.
In the interest of full disclosure, I did not watch the big sporting event this evening. But after Justin Timberlake wrapped his halftime show, I received a flurry of texts from friends containing the words “selfie,” “teen,” and “excellent meme potential.” Well, folks, my friends were not wrong. During his Super Bowl performance, Timberlake — in the middle of Trolls classic “Can’t Stop the Feeling” — took a selfie with a boy — who we would later learn is 13-year-old Ryan McKenna from Massachusetts — in the crowd. It was awkward, to say the least. The kind of perfect-awkward that, when broadcast to millions, gets screengrabbed, clipped, and tweeted immediately by meme-mongers around the world.
Congratulations to mystery selfie kid for eclipsing Timberlake — and his questionable sartorial choices — at his own show.
There’s something perfect about the whole thing. McKenna gets his selfie and then the camera just lingers. And the longer it lingers, the more you begin to wonder … Does this kid not know who Justin Timberlake is? How did he escape the endless summer of “Can’t Stop the Feeling” playing on the radio without learning any of the words? Who could he possibly be texting while still standing a foot from Justin Timberlake on live television?
Update, February 4, 2018, at 9:46 p.m.: Mystery selfie kid has been identified. His name is Ryan McKenna and he is a 13-year-old seventh-grader from Massachusetts. “My phone is almost dead,” McKenna told the Twin Cities Pioneer Press. “I’ve gotten so many notifications. I’ve got like 36 Snapchats, like 21 DMs, and like 150 follower requests on Instagram.”
Last night, as the Eagles were on their way to becoming Super Bowl champions and Tom Brady was headed toward another sad, postgame sit on a football field, a star was born. Ryan McKenna, a 13-year-old from Massachusetts happened to be in the right place at the right time to snag a selfie with Justin Timberlake in the middle of his halftime show. It was the kind of perfect viral moment you couldn’t stage if you tried: McKenna slid out his phone and grabbed the photo with a posing Timberlake. But then the cameras lingered as Timberlake continued singing — Trolls earworm “Can’t Stop the Feeling” — and McKenna, looking dazed and possibly a little starstruck, continued staring at his phone while the halftime show carried on around him.
Apparently, all Tom Brady needed to do to win last night was pick up a soccer ball. Which is probably where the Patriots went wrong, since there were no soccer balls in sight. This particular sports insight comes courtesy of a Donald Trump tweet from 2015 — the tweet was originally in reference to Deflategate — which started circulating again after the Pats lost and Brady found himself, once again, sitting like a sad, adult baby on the field.
Trump’s been tweeting about his “friend” Tom for years now, including a time he joked about running for president on a Trump-Brady ticket. Old tweets that Trump hasn’t deleted come in handy just about every time Trump says something new, and you can keyword-search his account to find his backdated opinion on the matter. From sharks. To Oprah running for president. To eerily predicting that time Rex Tillerson would call him a “fucking moron.” See you all soon for the next installment of “There’s Always a Trump Tweet.” Fly, eagles, fly!
Let’s start with what was going through your mind when you saw that Justin Timberlake was coming over to you. I didn’t even know what to think. He is my favorite singer and the song he was singing, “Can’t Stop the Feeling,” is my favorite song of his. I just went for it. I was like, This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Totally. So you saw him coming up toward your family in the crowd and busted out your phone. What was the strategy? Did you just open the camera or were you using a particular social app like Snapchat or Instagram? So I was taking a video and my phone shut off, and then I had to reopen it, and then I got the selfie.
That’s stressful. So in all those memes with the photo of you staring at your phone — where people are joking that you’re Googling “Who is Justin Timberlake” — you were actually just trying to get your phone back on? Yeah, if you see all the memes that’s why I was on my phone. I was restarting it.
So, obviously, a big part of the gag with those memes is that you weren’t singing along, and people were joking that you didn’t know the words. Do you know the words to “Can’t Stop the Feeling?” I’m a big fan of his and I know all his songs. I listen to his stuff all the time. I definitely know the words. That’s my favorite song of his.
After he walked away, what were you feeling? I didn’t think this was going to happen. I was talking with my family and saying I couldn’t believe I’d gotten a selfie with Justin Timberlake at the Super Bowl halftime show.
How has it been becoming an instant celebrity, both among your friends and around the world? My phone was going crazy. I’ve gone from 400 followers to almost 20,000 now on Instagram.
I saw that your school Instagrammed a photo of you during the game and noted that you were expected to be back in Massachusetts this morning for mandatory morning meeting. Did you miss the meeting? Yeah [laughs], I missed the meeting. I’m still in Minnesota.
Okay, thanks for taking the time to talk to us today. Once more for all the haters out there … you definitely know the words to “Can’t Stop the Feeling” and you definitely know who Justin Timberlake is?
Within minutes, McKenna had become a meme. By Monday morning, McKenna would have over 17,000 Instagram followers (and rapidly rising) and a new title as that Justin Timberlake Selfie Kid. Select All started talking with McKenna via Instagram DM during the game — “Is this ligit,” our teen hero astutely asked at 10:06 p.m. when we first started chatting — and finally got a few minutes this morning to talk about his newfound fame and why it only looked like he was rudely staring at his phone while his favorite performer was putting on a live show three feet away from his face.
You’re from Massachusetts, so I’m going to assume you’re a Pats fan. I guess you’re probably having a better Monday than Tom Brady … but were you bummed after the game?
Yes.
I was a little disappointed.
Update, February 5, 2018, at 11:04 a.m.: Select All caught up with McKenna who has a very good explanation for why he was staring at his phone. Read the interview in full here.
Nintendo’s new “Labo” build-and-play kits is Nintendo at its baffling, enthralling best. Less than a year after releasing the Nintendo Switch, the fastest-selling console in U.S. history, the venerable Japanese video-game company has decided that its next big move is going to be … folding cardboard robots?
I spent a morning last week in New York with a group of other journalists, building a few example cardboard creations, and trying out more pre-built demos of what will be on offer when the Nintendo Labo kits go on sale on April 20, and walked away impressed by what Nintendo had put together, and once again admiring the company for being willing to swing big when it comes to thinking about what a video-game system can do.
At least in the kits we used, the cardboard held up admirably well during initial construction, and the instructions themselves were a joy to follow. Easy-to-follow 3-D animations showed how everything was supposed to go together, and you could use the Switch’s touchscreen to swivel those 3-D models around at will to get a better angle. If you missed where exactly something was supposed to fold underneath something else, you could easily rewind the instructions and keep on following along. (Ikea, steal this idea.) Creating simple remote-control cars took about ten minutes to build, while assembling a more complicated fishing rod probably would have taken me more like an hour — our time was cut short to go play demos before I could finish.
In a demo room, I got a chance to mess around with five different Labo creations: a Toy-Con House, a Toy-Con Fishing Rod, a Toy-Con Motorbike, a Toy-Con Piano, and a Toy-Con Robot. I found the fishing-rod game to be fun — you lower your hook into the ocean (a Nintendo Switch screen) and try to reel in bigger and bigger fish without breaking your line, and some clever sleight of hand from the Joy-Cons and a clicking tab inside the rod means that you never notice that you’re never actually, you know, reeling any actual line in. The 13-key piano was also fun, with different sets of sounds to play around with, depending on what module you slot into the piano, and a pitch shifter on the side for a cardboard-Moog experience. The motorbike was equally enjoyable: Turn the accelerator up on the right, and steer the bike by swinging the controls around. It was an old-school coin-operated arcade experience, built out of the same stuff I get my Amazon deliveries shipped in.
The Labo Home I was less sure of: It’s a set of mini-games (think racing a mining cart or trying to jump a rope) that you set up by inserting various cranks and button widgets into different positions around the house. It may be set up for longer-term play — there seemed to be some underlying ideas about collecting and decorating your house that I wasn’t getting. (It’s also, as anyone who has given a kid a gift knows, deeply difficult to discern what a kid will find fun versus what you will find fun.)
The Toy-Con Robot was obviously the big showstopper — about half the demo floor was given over to it. This was likely partly because you need a bit of room to play, and partly because, at first blush, it’s the most impressive Labo creation. You strap on a cardboard backpack, put your feet into stirrups, put on a cardboard visor, and hold on to cardboard handles. Lift your legs up and down to stomp around a city, punch with your hands to smash stuff up, and lower the visor down to go into a first-person mode. It was fun, but the controls felt clumsy at times (aided, I suppose, by my own clumsiness), and the game overall felt pretty uninspired. I was far more interested in the system of pulleys that controlled the robotic backpack than in the game itself.
The robot also presents parents with an interesting quandary. When the Labo goes on sale on April 20, there will be two kits available: the $70 Variety pack, which comes with the cardboard to build two RC cars, the house, the fishing rod, the motorbike, and the piano. And then there’s the $80 Robot Suit pack, which will come with … the robot. From my limited time, while the robot is more of an immediately appealing sugar-rush type of game — it’s hard to imagine the kid who doesn’t, at some point, dream of smashing their way through a city as a massive monster — it’s basically a one-and-done creation. You’ll spend a long afternoon building it with your kid, and then they’re off to the races. The cheaper variety pack not only offers up better games in general, but seems to offer more to appeal to the Labo’s real audience: parents. You get five different toys that you can build with your kid, meaning there’s more variety for them to mess around with (and more chances to remix the toys into something different — more on that in a second).
The key to how the Labo works is how many extra features were built into the Joy-Cons themselves. I was a bit surprised at how many extra features were built into the Joy-Con controllers when Nintendo announced the Switch. Extremely advanced rumble sounded interesting, but not groundbreaking, while having a infrared motion-tracking camera in the right Joy-Con was just mystifying. I have no idea if the Labo was already on the horizon when the Switch was announced, but the Labo puts a lot of the extra features in the Joy-Con to use. That supersensitive rumble? You can set it to a specific megahertz-frequency buzz to make those remote-control cars buzz around a table in a certain way. The infrared camera means that the reflective tape affixed to the ends of piano keys or inside of the fishing rod can be used to control everything — or get one of the RC cars to follow around the heat signature of your hand (or family pet).
Still, there was a part of me that was curious about how much creativity the Labo would really allow for. For years, there’s been a debate among parents about the “Lego set” problem. Put simply, do Lego sets — for example, a kit to build an X-wing fighter from Star Wars — engender or hinder creativity? With a Lego set, as with the pre-built Nintendo Labo creations, kids are following exact directions to build a creation someone else has thought of. Valuable skills to be sure (there’s plenty of adult life, kids will soon find out, that is largely about following directions that someone else has already thought of), but what about the pure creativity and fun of dumping out a huge pile of Legos and building your own janky spacecraft instead?
Enter Labo Garage, something we weren’t allowed to film, but was showed off for us behind closed doors. Labo Garage allows you to build your own Labo creations using simple input and output mechanics on the Nintendo Switch in a visual programming language (think making a flow chart instead of writing lines of code). It could be something as simple as making one Joy-Con vibrate when another is pressed, or have the Switch touchscreen play specific notes when specific parts of the screen were touched — or just remixing existing creations so that, say, the reel of the fishing rod would play a tune on a digital music box instead of hauling in virtual fish. It was hard to tell exactly how dynamic the Labo Garage will be — we were only shown a couple of demos — but it was a glimpse of something that could allow for that “dump out the Legos” creativity that building a fishing rod out of precut and creased cardboard just can’t. (It should also lead a flourishing DIY community of home-brew Labo toys built out of leftover cardboard or other materials — no more kits from Nintendo required.)
My reservations about the Labo kits are simple: How long does a cardboard toy really hold together? Even in the controlled environment of the Nintendo demo, I found small pieces starting to lose some of their action, or fall out of place a bit too easily. How does a fishing rod or a robot backpack and straps look after six months of use and abuse at the hands of a kid?
Regardless, my prediction is that this thing is gonna sell like crazy, particularly around the holiday season. Riding a motorcycle or doing some deep-sea fishing is more than enough to get a kid onboard, but the real audience here is parents. The chance to spend time building something with your kid, seeing how it all works, and at the end of the day, still letting them play a Nintendo Switch — meaning screen time for them, but less guilt for you — is an intoxicating combo.
The cardboard kits — or as Nintendo calls them, “Toy-Cons,” a play on the Switch’s detachable side controllers, the “Joy-Cons” — are pure fun to build, in and of themselves. If you’ve ever messed around with paper craft (or just folded up origami or a paper airplane), you’ll get the basic idea here. Perforated cardboard is punched out of squares, folded at certain creases, and then slotted together.
Back in September, Equifax reported that 143 million of its customers could have been implicated in a major breach of the credit-reporting firm’s data. This was bad. Really bad. Social Security numbers, birthdays, addresses, and credit-card-information-level bad. The kind of bad where you feel inclined to call up your not-so-tech-savvy relatives and walk them through the necessary steps to freeze their credit as a protective measure.
In addition to Equifax trying to become more secure and keep its customers — the firm’s Argentine arm was discovered to be using “admin” as both the username and password for an employee-log-in portal a week after the breach news, which wasn’t particularly confidence inspiring — the company faced a Senate hearing in October. (With a special visit from somebody dressed as the Monopoly dude sitting directly behind former Equifax CEO Richard Smith.) The company was simultaneously undergoing a formal probe by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ordered by former CFPB director Richard Cordray. Today, that probe has been put on hold, according to a new report from Reuters.
The CFPB had been planning tests to analyze “how Equifax protects data.” These are also no more. A Federal Trade Commission investigation of Equifax is ongoing, though no word on what, if any, penalties could be levied against the firm.
In The Wall Street Journal today, Christopher Mims lays out the increasing amount of money that Apple’s services sector — which encompasses everything from Apple Music to money brought in via the App Store — has been bringing in for the company. Taken by itself, Apple’s services brought in $31.5 billion in revenue last year, enough to make it a Fortune 100 company on its own.
But Apple has fundamentally been a high-end hardware company: It sells you actual (luxury) objects at a very healthy profit margin, rather than subscriptions to services. And the two businesses — high-end hardware versus services — are in opposition to one another. If you opened up the App Store to non-iOS devices, Apple would earn more money from the App Store in the short term, but remove a very compelling reason to own an iPhone. In the Journal, analyst Horace Dediu offers up a way to square that circle — by making hardware itself a subscription:
Silicon Valley is big on the idea of the “network effect” — the concept that things, whether that’s a search engine or a social network, get better the more things are connected to it. It lies at the heart of many companies’ pursuit of interoperability — that generally it’s better if companies’ products can communicate with each other, because at the end of the day both companies benefit.
Buying all of those devices individually is tremendously expensive. Subscribing to it? That may be something a lot more people would consider.
Apple may believe in the network effect in the abstract, but it’s become increasingly clear since the launch of the iPhone that the ways it most clearly believes in the network effect is in Apple’s own products. An iPhone by itself is a good phone. An iPhone and an Apple Watch and AirPods and a MacBook Pro and an iPad and an Apple TV and a HomePod and a home outfitted with a few key HomeKit appliances is an extremely compelling constellation of devices, all designed to work together (and only with each other), that no other company can currently match.
There are, of course, parallels to this in other industries. Very few people in the United States buy a car outright anymore — they either lease or get an auto loan, which is essentially a subscription fee that you pay to a bank or dealership. Rent is a subscription plan for housing, with a mortgage acting as the same but with extra fees attached, since you eventually own a home.
When screenshots came out last year showing a shirtless Mario with nipples (but no visible belly button), the internet lost its collective shit. As we wrote at the time:
The one person who could do something about it is Yoshiaki Koizumi, the director of Super Mario Odyssey. Nintendo released a video today in which Koizumi answers hard questions head-on.
Once the world got its hands on Super Mario Odyssey, it was truly confirmed. Mario has a pigmented projection on the surface of his chest, and there’s nothing you or I or anyone can do about it.
Question one: “Why does Mario have nipples, but no belly button?” After a brief pause and joking, “So, we’re jumping right into that question, are we?” Koizumi answers: “Once I heard that people were talking so much about Mario’s belly button, it made me start to think about whether we should revisit the topic on the design side.” It’s a bit of a dodge, but at least the conversation has begun.
Frankly, the bigger news and indication that the Mario series may be slipping into the body-horror genre comes in question two: Toad, a kind of servant to Princess Peach, isn’t wearing a hat. That bulbous white-and-red thing? That’s his head. “I’m going to have to leave it to all of you to figure out exactly how that works out,” says Koizumi. I may never sleep again.
After three weeks of going off the grid to reflect on what he learned after being internationally lambasted for vlogging an apparent suicide victim hanging from a tree in Japan, Logan Paul returned to YouTube at the end of January with a suicide-prevention PSA. He talked with a a survivor of a suicide attempt, several experts in the prevention field, and promised to donate $1 million to relevant causes. It was not terrible, if entirely self-serving. On Sunday, Paul posted his first, let’s say, real vlog since the Japan fiasco. It was not not terrible. It’s over 12 minutes long, so Select All is here to spare you from having to waste that time watching by highlighting the worst parts in some nice bolded sentences. Don’t say we never did anything for you!
“What you mean disgraced, boy I took a break, besides I’m still lit as fuck. What other YouTuber you know can take a three-week break and still gain a million subscribers?”
The video opens with Logan rocking a Castaway-inspired look and spearfishing on a beach. An unseen narrator says he is “showing his face for the first time after the disgraced YouTuber has been spotted across the country hiding his face from paparazzi and seen swallowing his tears on social media like a little baby.” Glad to see Logan did a lot of reflecting during those weeks about what is really important.
“As you know YouTube cut my Adsense in half — thanks YouTube, love you — so I am going to need you guys to buy all my merch so I don’t lose my house.”
After the beach bit, the first segment from Paul is mostly him hawking his Maverick-branded wares. Also he and his roommate Evan Eckenrode get into a fight that lands Paul in the pool. Logan also says somebody is suing his merchandise company for $4 million but “can’t say much about it.”
“Proposal: We take me … and maybe Jake [Paul] and send us to North Korea. We annoy everybody. We find Kim Jong Un and poke him in his chubby little tummy until he giggles like a teddy bear and agrees to disarm all nuclear warheads.”
Logan proposes this trip to North Korea after explaining that he just becomes a much more obnoxious version of himself while traveling. Unclear if he’s aware of fraught history of American tourists in North Korea, though we’re going to guess not.
Other highlights include Logan signing the petition circulating on the web — it has over half a million signatures — to get him kicked off YouTube. He notes that Cardi B now follows his dad on Instagram, likely after Logan compared himself to a crucified Jesus Christ in the comments of one of her photos. He says that Dr. Phil is “in the Logang.” (Logang is YouTube slang for Paul’s fandom.) And also that the second viral video to come out of his Japan trip — the one where he runs around apparently terrorizing people for no good reason — was edited to make him look worse. (Keyword here is worse. While one section of the video was falsely edited, the rest of it, like Paul throwing stuffed Pokéballs at Japanese people in a live-action game of Pokémon Go they didn’t ask to participate in, was very real.) Paul says people “don’t expect [him] to be funny anymore” but he has zero intention of changing his comedy style post-Japan. He points to a swath of comments on his latest Instagram post. “Half of them are telling me to get run over by a car, but that’s engagement, bro. I’ll take it.”
The Dow fell over 1,000 points on Monday but don’t expect to see Trump loading himself, Evel Knievel–style, into a cannon anytime soon. If that sentence doesn’t make sense to you, good. You’re not spending too much time on Twitter. If it does make sense, here’s what you need to know. Trump never tweeted that “If the Dow Joans ever falls more than 1000 ‘points’ in a Single Day the sitting president should be ‘loaded’ into a very big cannon and Shot into the sun at TREMENDOUS SPEED! No excuses!” Of course, that hasn’t stopped thousands of people from retweeting a mocked-up screen cap of what appears to be Trump tweeting just that in 2015.
This tweet is, as you know now, fake. Snopes says so. The guy who originally tweeted it, as a joke, says so. While Trump once, with frightening accuracy, foresaw that he would one day be both president and called a “fucking idiot” by his peers, that isn’t the case here. Go forth and quote tweet accordingly.
In the 12 weeks leading up to Donald Trump’s first State of the Union — or State of the “Uniom,” as it were — one group of people shared significantly more fake news stories than any other. The culprits? “Ultra-rightwing conservatives,” according to a forthcoming study from the University of Oxford’s Internet Institute summarized today in the Financial Times. The study looked at 14,000 Twitter users and over 45,000 Facebook pages.
So how much is “significantly more?” The superconservative group shared more fake news stories than every other group — the study consisted of 13 groups — of internet users combined, FT reports. Users on the opposite end of the political spectrum — users on the farthest left — were also guilty of sharing fake news, though not in such large quantities as their conservative counterparts. “On Facebook, the hard conservative group shared links to more than 90 per cent of the sites identified by the researchers as sources of ‘propaganda and ideologically extreme, hyper-partisan and conspiratorial political information,’” FT notes.
Clearly, the fake-news problem didn’t go away after the election. Which, in case you’d forgotten already because that was a zillion lifetimes ago, involved 150 million Americans seeing bogus Facebook ads purchased by Russian actors. In the ten weeks leading up to the election, nearly 700,000 people retweeted Russian propaganda. (Twitter has since emailed those users letting them know.) To avoid adding to the noise, here’s a handy guide to “fake, false, regularly misleading, and otherwise questionable ‘news’ organizations” that might be worth a visit before the next time you click “share.”
The first round of reviews for Apple’s HomePod smart speaker are out. I did a listening demo in New York and came away impressed with the HomePod’s sound, but it was in a tightly controlled environment run entirely by Apple employees. How did Apple’s $349 smart speaker fare with critics in the wild? Here’s what initial reviewers are saying.
The New York Times writes: “Audiophiles will appreciate that it has a woofer with a custom amplifier and seven tweeters. The result is a speaker with a deep bass and rich treble that is loud enough to fill a large room with superb sound.”
Describing listening to Fleetwood Mac’s “Tusk,” The Wall Street Journal writes: “The horns surge, the tom-toms thunder, the guitar and bass keep pounding, yet I can also hear distinct band members yelling ‘Tusk.’ I could hear it all while walking around the speaker at my kitchen island. On the Amazon Echo and the Google Home, that part of the song sounds like mush.”
The Verge writes that the HomePod “sounds noticeably richer and fuller than almost every other speaker we’ve tested.” CNET writes that despite being “a compact speaker, the HomePod offers big sound, and in testing I found it pretty much unflappable no matter what kind of music I threw its way.” TechCrunch states, “Apple’s HomePod is easily the best sounding mainstream smart speaker ever.”
You also need to pay for Apple Music. Spotify works, but only kind of: “Spotify has way more subscribers than Apple Music, and the HomePod doesn’t even really know Spotify exists,” writes the Verge. “You can play Spotify and other audio from your iPhone or Mac via AirPlay, but you won’t be able to use your voice — and voice control is the main appeal of a smart speaker like the HomePod,” writes BuzzFeed. “The HomePod can only stream music directly from Apple Music — no Spotify, Google Play Music, Pandora or any third-party streaming music service,” writes The Wall Street Journal.
The New York Times is the most brutal in its assessment of Siri: “Siri on HomePod is embarrassingly inadequate, even though that is the primary way you interact with it. Siri is sorely lacking in capabilities compared with Amazon’s Alexa and Google’s Assistant. Siri doesn’t even work as well on HomePod as it does on the iPhone.”
Referencing the anechoic chambers where Apple engineers worked on the HomePod’s sound, BuzzFeed writes: “HomePod, like the audio vacuum it was tested and developed in, exists in a silo that doesn’t seem to take into account how people actually use smart speakers. It works supremely well within Apple’s orbit, but not outside of that.”
If you’re gonna get a HomePod, you really need to be part of Apple’s ecosystem. “It feels like it was designed for a very demanding person to use while living alone entirely inside Apple’s ecosystem,” writes the Verge. “Forget about using it with Android devices,” writes CNET. “Android users beware: If you don’t have an Apple Music subscription, an extensive iTunes library, or an iPhone, you shouldn’t get the HomePod,” writes BuzzFeed.
I’ll have my own thoughts on the HomePod, Siri, and how it all sounds in my own home on Friday.
The Verge lists what Siri can’t do: “You can’t ask Siri to look up a recipe. You can’t ask Siri to make a phone call … Siri also can’t compete with the huge array of Alexa skills, or Google Assistant’s ability to answer a vast variety of questions … You can’t ask Siri to play something on an Apple TV, as both Google and Amazon’s assistants can do with their respective TV devices.” USA Today also notes, “Siri on HomePod cannot currently hail you a ride through Lyft or Uber, launch a trivia game, or arrange for an audiobook to be played.” Writes The Wall Street Journal, “Many people will put a HomePod in the kitchen, yet it can’t set two simultaneous cooking timers.”
Giant, deadly waves are not headed for the coast of Maine. Or South Carolina. Or Massachusetts. Or New York. But if you happen to live in any of those places and checked your phone earlier, you might have been concerned; an false push notification was sent out to East Coast residents on Tuesday morning.
Following the mistaken alert, National Weather Service Twitter accounts from up and down the coast began tweeting to let people know that the message was a test and not real. Apparently, according to New York’s account, the intended message did have the word test in it, but somehow that was missing when the alert was sent.
“The test message was released by at least one private sector company as an official Tsunami Warning, resulting in widespread reports of tsunami warnings received via phones and other media across the East Coast, Gulf of Mexico, and the Caribbean. We’re currently looking into why the test message was communicated as an actual tsunami warning, and will provide more information as soon as we have it,” the NWS said in a statement to NBC News. Can’t help but wonder if the same person who designed Hawaii’s terrible emergency alert system also had a hand in building the one used today.
Tavis McGinn spent six months working for Facebook, and in that time he had just one task: monitoring public perceptions of CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg. He initially applied for a different job, but was asked if he’d be interested in using his data background — McGinn previously worked at Google — to monitor Zuck. “It was my job to do surveys and focus groups globally to understand why people like Mark Zuckerberg, whether they think they can trust him, and whether they’ve even heard of him. That’s especially important outside of the United States,” McGinn told the Verge.
McGinn — who signed an NDA with Facebook — didn’t offer a ton of details on the nitty-gritty of his tracking work at the company, but it was “advanced researched,” and he used a wide variety of questions to get a read on how people were feeling about Zuckerberg. Questions like “Do people like Mark’s speeches? Do they like his interviews with the press? Do people like his posts on Facebook?” He also mentioned that infamous time Zuckerberg went on Facebook Live from his backyard and grilled for a while and talked a whole lot about meat. “How do people respond to that?” McGinn also didn’t offer specifics on how much this research cost — similar studies were conducted with Sheryl Sandberg — but basically said that it didn’t come cheap. “You have one individual, 33 years old, who has basically full control of the experience of 2 billion people around the world,” McGinn said of Zuckerberg’s power at the company. “That’s unprecedented. Even the president of the United States has checks and balances.”
A Facebook spokesperson told the Verge that McGinn’s work “was not designed to influence Facebook products or policies.” McGinn has since left the company and gone on to found his own market-research firm, Honest Data. “I worked there for six months and I realized that even on the inside, I was not going to be able to change the way that the company does business,” McGinn said.
SpaceX, we have liftoff. Elon Musk’s latest rocket, the Falcon Heavy, successfully took off for a test flight on Tuesday afternoon at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The rocket is, according to SpaceX, the most powerful in the world, with double the power of its nearest competitor. The Falcon Heavy’s payload included Elon Musk’s Tesla Roadster and was carrying a fake pilot nicknamed “Starman.” Bowie’s “Space Oddity” was playing, CBS reports.
Congrats to Musk and his compatriots. Maybe now he’ll stop selling potentially deadly flamethrowers as a side hustle.
SpaceX livestreamed the liftoff via its website, and if you’re the kind of person who is into space travel — or owns a copy of The Right Stuff — you’ll probably enjoy watching it. (Plus, unlike that time SpaceX launched its Falcon 9 rocket only to have it burst into flames, you know this has a happy ending.) The video is over 40 minutes long, but if you want to skip to the good part — the fiery liftoff and a lot of nerds cheering — the 30-second countdown begins around 29:24.
Here’s an excellent policy that you should enact in your own life, even if you aren’t just adhering to your workplace rules. According to a report on workplace dating from The Wall Street Journal, employees at Facebook who are interested in dating other employees at Facebook are allowed to ask just one time if a given co-worker would like to go on a date. If the co-worker says no, then that is the end of it, and they aren’t allowed to ask again.
“Ambiguous answers such as ‘I’m busy’ or ‘I can’t that night,’ count as a ‘no,’” Heidi Swartz, Facebook’s global head of employment law, told the Journal. Google also has a similar rule. At Facebook, employees in relationships with conflicts of interest are expected to self-report to HR or else face consequences down the line. The Journal reports that around 40 percent of people have dated a co-worker in the last decade. And while the “one ask” policy certainly doesn’t cover all manner of sins — you and a co-worker getting drunk at a party and consensually hooking up on a fire escape; you and a co-worker falling madly in love while both reaching for the same plastic fork from the drawer in the office kitchen — it’s always a good idea to take somebody saying no to mean exactly what it sounds like. Which is them saying no.
This is not a new or particularly original observation, but bitcoin true believers are weird. Because bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are, for some, tied into deeper beliefs about a less-regulated, more free-flowing world, even during the last 30 days, in which bitcoin has lost around 70 percent of its value, there is an ideological fervor in the concept of “hodling.”
Which makes the r/bitcoin subreddit a particularly fun place to be over the last few days. It’s like getting a front-row seat to Dutch tulip mania, except if some people who had bought tulip contracts also really believed that one day tulips could and should replace the fire department, the public-school system, and democracy itself.
For those who don’t want to dig through self-delusion and desperation, there’s also the subreddit r/buttcoin, which collects the best moments of Schadenfreude as cryptocurrencies continue to crash.
And then there are times when it’s tough to tell who is being serious and who is being incredibly stupid:
There’s this moment, in response to a Paul Krugman tweet in which he admits to “cryptofreude,” or enjoying watching the bitcoin bubble pop:
If you want a real Venn diagram of people who strongly believe in bitcoin and post often to Reddit, you have this:
There’s this priceless exchange, first spotted by Wired writer Erin Griffith:
Of course, while I was writing this, bitcoin regained about $1,500 of value and is currently trading at around $7,800, so maybe a bull run on bitcoin is about to start. Buy now while it’s still low! Sell everything you own, if you have to. You can always buy it all back in bitcoin.
On Tuesday, SpaceX successfully launched Falcon Heavy, the world’s most powerful rocket from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The rocket’s payload included SpaceX founder Elon Musk’s red Tesla Roadster, manned by a dummy pilot named “Starman.” (Bowie’s “Space Oddity” reportedly played during the launch.)
SpaceX streamed the first few hours of the car in space — it’s attached to the top of Falcon Heavy’s upper stage — and, fine, despite being gimmicky, it’s also incredibly cool. The plan was to direct the rocket around the sun and out to the Mars orbit, but Falcon Heavy’s route hasn’t gone entirely according to plan. Instead, following its third burn, the rocket appears to have overshot that destination and is now, according to Musk’s tweets, headed toward an asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Stay safe out there, Starman.
Like something out of The Circle — if you haven’t seen it, don’t; it’s truly Tom Hanks’s least-fine work — Chinese police officers have started using facial-recognition glasses to identify criminal behavior. The glasses, according to The Wall Street Journal, have been around since last year, but the Chinese government has been pushing them this week in anticipation of Lunar New Year, a holiday that involves millions of people traveling throughout the country. China’s state-sponsored media, People’s Daily, said the cameras, which are mounted on traditional glasses, offer “highly effective screening” for finding people traveling with fake IDs or people who are wanted by the government. The glasses have been used to successfully arrest 7 people wanted for involvement in criminal cases and another 26 for traveling with false papers, People’s Daily also reports.
LLVision Technology Co., the company that developed the tech with the Chinese government, says in tests, the glasses were able to “identify individuals in a database of 10,000 suspects in as little as 100 milliseconds,” WSJ notes. And while that sounds high-tech and efficient, the flip side here is that the Chinese government is equipping its authorities with technology that would make it very easy to track and target just about anybody it wanted to track and target. Political dissidents. Activists. People having bad hair days. LLVision Technology Co. also told the Journal that it isn’t selling its facial-recognition tech to regular citizens until it can further study the potential ramifications of what it has created. Because handing it over to the Chinese government certainly wouldn’t have any ramifications.
Cryptocurrency scams can often seem opaque from the outside — exploits that rely on odd gaps in the underlying code that governs contracts between users, or back doors in online exchanges that no one is aware of until someone makes away with millions in digital currency. But a hoax discovered by Bleeping Computer is so dead simple, you kinda have to admire whomever decided to go for it: They just created fake celebrity Twitter profiles, then promised to send people a lot of money if they would just send them a little bit to start things off.
Here, for example, is one of the Twitter accounts in action, @elonnmuusk, tweeting at Donald Trump last night after Trump congratulated SpaceX for the launch of the Falcon Heavy.
Bleeping Computer discovered that the scam has been going on for nearly two weeks, but without much success. But tracking the multiple wallets associated with the scam, they discovered that there was a sudden burst of activity last night — likely thanks to three fake Elon Musk accounts (the other two identified were @eonmusk and @eIonmsuk) and the increased attention around the Falcon Heavy launch. In total, the wallets took on about 7.69 ethereum — though Bleeping Computer makes it clear that they are likely missing some transactions, so the actual amount missing may be higher — worth about $6,500 at current trading prices.
Bleeping Computer found at least 12 accounts impersonating nine different celebrities and institutions, including an ersatz John McAfee, ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin, and cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase. All offered up the same basic deal: They wanted to give away some ethereum, and all you had to do to get it was send them a little bit first.
In the realm of cryptocurrency heists, this is relatively small potatoes — after all, we’ve already seen Japanese exchange Coincheck say that hackers made off with $530 million in digital currency earlier this year, the largest theft ever in the relatively short life of cryptocurrency. On the other hand, making $6,500 for setting up some creatively misspelled celebrity accounts and spamming Twitter is a bit easier than hacking your way into an online exchange.
Or, here’s Microsoft founder @Billgavtes:
And famed value investor @WarrenBuffert:
Social-media platforms are pushing back against the growing — and alarming — trend of computer-generated porn online. These videos edit in faces of celebrities, often with scary seamlessness, and are known as “deepfakes,” after the handle of a Reddit user who helped spawn the genre. Motherboard first started reporting on deepfakes back in December, work which seems to have directly impacted policies coming out of Twitter and Reddit this week. Both sites have announced that they will be banning all deepfakes.
From Reddit, via Motherboard:
And from Twitter:
The bans are good news. It’s nice to see platforms like Reddit and Twitter, which historically haven’t been super great about swiftly banning problematic content, taking a stand against something this potentially harmful. The larger, looming problem, of course, is that this technology exists and is only getting better. Meaning that it’s not just Katy Perry who should be worried about her head being wrongly edited into porn, but also politicians, world leaders, and anybody else who doesn’t want to have a computer-generated video putting words into their mouth. Or worse.
It’s that time of year again, folks. The time of year when the Unicode Consortium — the governing body of all things emoji — makes its final decisions and releases the list of the new emoji coming out in the next year. (We’ve previously written about the finalists on this list, so some of these might sound familiar.) The 2018 emoji won’t be available for several months — Unicode hasn’t given a formal release date yet — but our friends over at Emojipedia, the website for all things emoji, have mocked up what each of the 157 new emoji might look like. Here’s what you can expect to be filling your texts with by the end of the year.
The Wall Street Journal has an excellent piece up today, putting YouTube’s video-recommendation engine under a microscope and trying to pull apart why the site seems to so often steer users toward, as the Journal puts it, “divisive, misleading, or false content.” (We might call them something more like “shitvids,” but to each their own.)
That YouTube’s content-recommendation system tends to lead people toward less-than-stellar YouTube videos has been a known problem for a while — BuzzFeed took a long look at it a year ago, and major problems in its recommendations for kids became a hot topic toward the end of 2017.
YouTube introduced the content-recommendation algorithm several years ago in an attempt to keep users watching more videos on YouTube (and beefed up this algorithm with a deep neural network in 2016). As YouTube engineers tell the Journal:
The Journal and Chaslot found that news results were often leading to highly partisan channels. One prime example would be the Conservative Network, which mainly posts ripped video from other networks and channels with that odd YouTube syntax that seems to draw in clicks, like the video “Melania Trump MOCKS Joy Behar on Live TV.” The channel, which only has about 76,000 subscribers (a very small audience for YouTube), regularly has videos that get millions of views, seemingly by heavily gaming the recommendation system.
But where Chaslot’s research is more interesting — and, frankly, more disturbing — is looking at how quickly YouTube’s content recommendation leads users toward extreme and outright fake videos. A browser cleared of cookies and logged out of YouTube — in YouTube’s eyes, a brand-new user — can put in the term “CIA” or “9/11.” The first results in YouTube’s search recommendations will usually be from credible sources, usually a major news network. But after watching one video, the recommendation system starts to veer toward the batshit and conspiracy-minded. After viewing just one 9/11 video, the recommendation system was serving up videos like “Footage Shows Military Plane Hitting WTC Tower on 9/11 — 13 Witnesses React.”
You can test this out for yourself at Chaslot’s site, AlgoTransparency, which looks at certain topics and then ranks YouTube videos based on how much more likely they are to be recommended. For instance, for someone searching “Is the Earth flat or round” on YouTube, the video “THE BEST Flat Earth VIDEO | 100% Proof the Earth Is Flat | Please Debunk This I Dare You!!!! 2018” is 8.6 times more likely to be recommended than the average video. For those searching for “vaccine facts,” the video “Madison: Before & After Vaccine Induced Autism” is 7.5 times more likely to be recommended than the average video.
There are, of course, past precedents for cleaning up search results and content recommendations. Google’s search engine has done two major cleanups, first eliminating many low-quality “content farm” search results with the Panda updates in 2011, and then moving toward favoring “authoritative” news sources when people were searching terms related to breaking news with Project Owl in 2017.
YouTube says that its recommendation system drives more than 70 percent of total viewing time on YouTube. “We recognize that this is our responsibility, and we have more to do,” said Johanna Wright, YouTube’s product-management chief for recommendations, to The Wall Street Journal.
But the Journal went a step further, hiring an ex-YouTube engineer, Guillaume Chaslot, who actually spent time working on YouTube’s recommendation engine. Chaslot built a program that searched YouTube for the top-40 most popular search terms in November, December, and January, as well as looking at the “rabbit holes” of content recommendations that users can be sent down.
But YouTube and Google have different incentives in place. Google wins in the market by providing you the best search experience, which often means being a trustworthy and somewhat seamless transition point to another site (while serving up a few ads along the way, and gathering more data about what you’re interested in). YouTube wins by having you watch as many videos — with as many attached ads — as possible. And if what keeps people watching are videos about how 9/11 was an inside job, the Earth is flat, and vaccines induce autism, there’s little incentive for YouTube to change that formula — barring advertisers walking away en masse.
The next batch of emoji includes a few new foods. Among them are a cupcake, some lettuce, a moon cake, a salt shaker, and most importantly, a bagel.
Some thrilling new options are coming to the emoji animal kingdom. We’re getting a peacock, a swan, and a parrot, in case you’re a person who texts about birds frequently. Also a badger, which is great for reliving the glory days of viral videos. Rounding out the list is a rhino, a llama, and a kangaroo.
Some excellent and sensible footwear are coming in this batch, including a hiking boot and a flat shoe. (Previously, women’s shoes were represented solely by a high heel.) There’s also a lab coat, which works nicely with the microbe and test tube also being introduced. Now, you can be that redheaded, flat-shoe-wearing mad scientist who hikes in the Catskills on weekends that you’ve always dreamed of being.
Bricks. An abacus. DNA. Yarn. A lacrosse stick. A puzzle piece. A bottle of lotion. A broom. A basket. A safety pin. A bar of soap. A sponge. A tool box. A fire extinguisher. The list of emoji you probably won’t use frequently, but will appreciate in that one instance when you really need it, goes on and on.
These are, as we noted, just mock-ups of what the final emoji products will look like. We won’t know for certain until their formal release later in 2018. Also, it’s important to remember that emoji render differently across different platforms. Ask Jessica Chastain, who learned that the hard way on Twitter this month.
Great news if you’ve got red hair, or white hair, or curly hair, or no hair. There’s now an emoji that maybe resembles you. Each one of the new hairstyles comes on a male and female emoji head, and in all six available emoji skin tones.
John Perry Barlow died “quietly in his sleep” at the age of 70 on Wednesday morning, according to a memorial post shared on the Electronic Frontier Foundation’s website. Barlow co-founded the EFF, a nonprofit devoted to protecting civil liberties in the online age, in 1980; he was also known for his time spent working as a cattle rancher in Wyoming — and as a lyricist for the Grateful Dead.
From EFF:
Barlow wrote the lyrics to “Mexicali Blues,” among other Dead tracks, but his most famous and consequential piece of writing might be his prescient 1996 internet manifesto, “A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace,” which begins:
For more vintage Barlow, here’s an endearing, fascinating, and wide-ranging conversation between him and the feminist scholar bell hooks from the Buddhist magazine Shambhala Sun:
Going over its annual results for 2017 this week, Twitter made a surprising announcement: It was, for a time, profitable. Twitter reportedly made money in the last quarter of 2017, a new achievement for the social network founded in 2006. Shares in the company jumped 15 percent this morning on the news. From Ned Segal, Twitter’s CFO:
Twitter’s surprise profitability still comes with many caveats. User growth fell short, staying steady at around 330 million monthly active users, and Twitter continues to be the focus of government investigations in the U.S. and abroad regarding how it is used to spread misinformation and disrupt civic life. Twitter is far from out of the woods, but at least it can say that it turned a profit at least once — an outcome that many of its investors had probably given up on.
Before your eyes roll so far back in your head that you need to call an ambulance, that basically means that improvements to its ad and video products are leading advertisers to spend more. Among the (sometimes sluggish) improvements are changes to Twitter’s content moderation and filtering systems, and tweaks to its video player. According to Bloomberg, “Net income was $91.1 million, or 12 cents a share, marking the first time the company reached profitability under generally accepted accounting principles.”
It’s important to set goals for yourself. Life goals, career goals, relationship goals. Goals are what keep us going, striving toward the things we want. When we want something to a particularly high degree, we might refer to them as “goals af,” which stands for “goals as frick.”
Where do you see yourself ten years from now? Are you working at your magazine job in the big city? Are you traveling the world, seeing all that this great blue marble has to offer? Have you settled down in the burbs with a spouse and a white picket fence and a couple of rug rats raising hell, but you love them anyway and will never stop loving them? Those are the three options.
Maybe you envision your life as something like this:
It’s all about the simple things in life. It’s about a warm bowl full of spicy chicken juice, #adulting, and unattended children. The tweet went viral for being, depending on your perspective, wildly aspirational or unbearably cloying. But that didn’t stop other people from imagining the year 2028.
Experts speaking with The Atlantic are skeptical of these claims. Instead, they believe that the graph was off and the car won’t actually reach the asteroid belt. “Revised orbital data provided by SpaceX and shared with NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory’s system for tracking solar-system bodies showed the original graphic was incorrect,” The Atlantic reports. It’ll take 18.8 months for the car to complete its trip around the sun, and it will cross paths with Mars twice during those months.
Update, February 8, 2018, at 10:44 a.m.: This post has been updated to note that Musk’s Tesla is actually not headed toward an asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, as Musk initially announced.
Tumblr got ahold of the fantasy and took it even weirder. If you understand every part of this thread without having to Google anything, well, god bless.
It’s 2028: Do you know where your butt-smacking Crock-Pot husband is?
I’ve spent some time with Apple’s HomePod in my home, and I’m truly impressed by its sound and design. Doing ad hoc listening tests, the $350 smart speaker easily blows the Amazon Echo and Google Home out of the water, and matches the impressive sound of the Google Home Max, which costs $50 more and is much larger than the HomePod, making it harder to tuck away on a kitchen counter or bookshelf.
So, purely based on sound alone, the HomePod is the best smart speaker I’ve used so far. The question is: Is that enough? I’m less in love with using Siri full-time as a way to interact with the HomePod, though I haven’t found it nearly as frustrating to use on the HomePod as I do on my own phone (likely because I’m asking less of it). And I’ve used Spotify for seven years now — being forced to switch over to Apple Music to get anything close to the HomePod’s full potential is grating.
All of which makes the question of whether or not you should get a HomePod kind of a personal one, depending on how you weigh all those many factors. Should you buy a HomePod? Here are some questions you should ask to help you figure it out:
On the flipside, if you are a dedicated Apple Music user, getting an Amazon Echo or Google Home speaker to play Apple Music is a major hassle, and the HomePod should be a welcome change of pace.
Apple has pretty clearly telegraphed that the HomePod is meant for playing music first, and everything else second. Siri can’t do a lot of the things that Amazon’s Alexa or Google’s Assistant can — set multiple timers, control your TV, or order up an Uber. When it comes to answering questions, Siri has a deep but narrow knowledge base. Apple has spent a lot of time beefing up its ability to answer questions about music and sports — Siri is noticeably better at answering questions about the current state of the NBA than either Alexa or Google’s Assistant — but falters when you start to stray outside those topics, like “What’s the proper temperature on a medium-rare steak?”
There’s also some audio metadata stuff that the HomePod uses to make Apple Music stuff sound better (though I wasn’t able to really detect a major difference between the two services in my own listening tests). If you’ve spent years creating Spotify playlists and don’t want to switch up, the HomePod isn’t for you.
While the HomePod clearly sounds better than the Echo or Google Home when you do side-by-side listening tests, it’s not like the Amazon Echo or Google Home sound like someone streaming music from a $10 Bluetooth speaker. They sound, overall, pretty good on average.
In addition, if you plan to use the HomePod as a way to control stuff in your smart home, you’ll need to make sure all the things you have already are HomeKit-compatible. I think HomeKit offers a pretty decent interface once you’ve got everything up and running, but if you’ve invested in, say, a Nest thermostat, the HomePod is going to be a bad choice.
If this is the first time you’re getting a smart speaker, this is sort of an impossible question to answer, but if you’re thinking of upgrading from an Echo or Google Home to a HomePod, think about how much you use it for things besides being a robot DJ. If the answer is “a lot,” you may want to wait to see what kind of software updates arrive from Apple. The Echo is a tremendously more versatile device than when it was first released, and some of this may be fixed as Apple moves forward.
If you want high-quality sound but aren’t on iOS or deeply committed to Spotify, I’d recommend either the Google Home Max or buying some good speakers and hooking them up to an Echo Dot or a Google Home Mini and Chromecast Audio.
And if you are an audiophile who isn’t on iOS or who doesn’t want to use Apple Music, the Google Home Max, to my ears, sounds just about as good as the HomePod, with the Max doing a slightly better job at creating the sense of a open soundstage, and the HomePod doing a better job at giving undistorted bass even at high volumes.
If you just want a smart speaker to play music and set timers, the Amazon Echo or Google Home don’t sound as good as the HomePod, but cost considerably less and are much more versatile.
Everyone’s budget priorities are different, but if the idea of dropping $350 on a smart speaker seems excessive, the Amazon Echo is $100 and the Google Home is $120 (and both can be had for less throughout the year if you keep an eye out for sales) If you want a great-sounding speaker you can shout at to play music without spending quite as much, you can also get creative with an Echo Dot or Google Home Mini and some decent non-smart speakers to create your own Frankenstein creation.
But if you’re already in the Apple ecosystem, are okay with not having quite as much extra functionality as Amazon Echo or Google Home, and are willing to pay a premium for premium sound, the HomePod is smart speaker for you.
But if you have any sort of opinion on an ideal frequency response or closed versus open-back headphones, you probably find the sound of the Echo or Home kinda mushy, and the HomePod is going to be marked improvement. It places vocals front and center in any music you’re listening to while keeping bass and high-end details intact, and there’s remarkably clear stereo separation for a speaker that’s sending out sound in every direction. In addition, the HomePod uses its built-in mics to adjust its sound — especially the sizable woofer on top of the HomePod — to whatever space your in. While I found that the HomePod still sounded best when placed in a corner or against a wall, it was impressive hearing it shift its sound on the fly when I move it to the center of a room.
If you’re an Android user, turn around immediately. The HomePod requires you to have an iOS device of some sort to even setup. This doesn’t mean you have to have an Apple phone — an iPad or iPod Touch can also work — but realistically, if you don’t have an iPhone, the HomePod isn’t a good choice for you. And even once you set up your HomePod, you won’t be able to connect an Android phone or non-Apple computer to it — you can only connect to the HomePod using Apple’s AirPlay protocol.
The HomePod is meant to be used with Apple Music, full stop. (You can’t even complete setup of the Home Pod if you’ve deleted Apple Music from your phone, as I found out.) Technically, you can play Spotify and other music services if you connect to the HomePod from an iOS device over AirPlay (the same way you’d play Spotify on your Apple TV, for example). But you can’t tell Siri to just “play Spotify” the way you can tell Alexa.
“In the name of the father, the son, and the holy shallot. Amen.” Belgian security researcher and hacker Inti De Ceukelaire — you might remember him as the guy who bought old domain links that Donald Trump had tweeted and then redirected them to less-appropriate content — exploited a vulnerability in the Vatican’s news website. According to the fake post Ceukelaire put up, Pope Francis declared that “the Lord is an onion.”
Ceukelaire told the Next Web that he warned Vatican News several times about their security issues and only hacked the site after those warnings went unheeded. His edits have since been taken down, and the site is now back to normal. “Two weeks ago, I told them that if they would not state they were going to fix this, I’d do responsible full disclosure,” he said. “Not to harm them, but to show that fake news can easily be spread. Pope or not, you need to comply with security standards.” At the end of January, Pope Francis renounced fake news, calling it the work of the devil. Therefore, by some bastardization of the transitive property, onions, and possibly the Lord, are also clearly the devil.
Apple’s HomePod sounds fantastic, but it’s meant to be used with Apple Music — you’ll need an iOS device like an iPhone or iPad with Apple Music installed in order to even set up the HomePod. But if you’ve got a particular playlist in Spotify you want to play on your HomePod, you can play it — you’ll just need to do it from your iOS device.
Here’s how:
2. Find the music-playback controls — by default in the top right.
3. Tap the small icon in the top right of the music-playback controls — it sorta looks like a Wi-Fi-signal symbol.
4. Select your HomePod as the output device.
1. Pull up from the bottom of your home screen to get to your control center (or down from the top-right corner if you’re on the iPhone X).
From here, anything you play off your iPhone that would normally go through the music controls, whether that’s Spotify or a podcast, will now play through the HomePod. When using Spotify, you can use limited voice controls with the HomePod, like “pause,” “resume,” or “next song,” but you’ll need to manually start up a new playlist or album from your iOS device to get things started.
Recently, I’d started to believe that a decent number of my friends were blithely unaware of the social rules that dictate proper behavior on Instagram. As in, if you like a photo of mine from three weeks ago … I’m going to assume that you were stalking my account and accidentally thumbed a little too hard. This was an unfair assumption, friends. I am sorry.
The Opening Ceremonies in Pyeongchang won’t air until Friday evening in the United States — blame the time difference — but the 2018 Winter Olympics are well underway. If you tuned in on Thursday night, you might have watched some curling, some skating, a little skiing, and, if you were lucky, this little kid trying his hardest to lick an NBC camera while it was rolling.
The Logan Paul comeback does not seem to be going well. The YouTube star took about a month off after filming a suicide victim’s corpse and setting off an international furor, but now he’s back. Paul says he’s learned his lesson, but soon after his return, he’s already reverted from “apologetic” to “messing with dead bodies again.”
In response to Logan Paul clearly having learned nothing, and in accordance with new guidelines for its most popular creators, YouTube suspended Paul’s ability to run ads and thus earn money directly from his online viewership. “In response to Logan Paul’s recent pattern of behavior, we’ve temporarily suspended ads on his channels,” the video site tweeted. Previously, Paul was removed from the Google Preferred ad program, which offered access to the most lucrative advertisers.
In his most recent video, for instance, Paul removes a dead fish from a backyard pond and pretends to give it CPR (at the 2:30 mark). He also fires a Taser at a dead rat (at the 4:50 mark).
Rest assured, Logan Paul will be back to earning money off of his loyal fans, collectively known as the Logang. In the meantime, if you’d really like to help a struggling, humble video-smith out, maybe buy some merch?
Honestly, the next two weeks are probably downhill after this. (Technically, the men’s and women’s downhill-event finals are on February 10 and February 20, respectively.)
He’s back. Pita Taufatofua, oft-ogled meme hero of the Rio Olympics, made his triumphant return this week at the Opening Ceremonies in Pyeongchang. (These won’t air in the United States until Friday evening because of time differences and also NBC actually wanting people to be able to watch them.) Taufatofua competed in Tae Kwon Do in Rio — he was knocked out after a single fight — but is best remembered for his performance at the Opening Ceremonies, where he strutted around sans shirt and greased with coconut oil while carrying the Tongan flag. On Friday, Taufatofua repeated the stunt.
You can either admire this as commitment to a bit or as stupidity, since it was about 28 degrees during the ceremonies, and also the whole point of the Winter Olympics is to be able to wear some good knitwear. Taufatofua is competing as a cross-country skier for Tonga in Pyeongchang and told The Wall Street Journal that his only hope is to not finish dead last. It’s unclear if he will be shirted during his races.
There is, of course, a hack to get around this issue, one frequently employed by the two most important user groups online: teens and influencers. (Instagram, unlike Twitter and Facebook, does not offer users the option to turn off algorithmic sorting.) Step one: Screenshot your Instagram grid. Step two: Upload that photo to your Instagram Story and use the pen tool to color over the most recent photo. Step three: Add a caption enticing people to come see that photo and toss in a like. As in, “New post! Click to see why I’m posing in my underwear … again!!” (A body-positivity activist I follow is big on using some version of this curiosity gap.) The less-clickbaity version of this is to just post your latest image in your story outright and label it “NEW, NEW, NEW,” and ask, nicely, for your followers to go see it and like it. Which, ostensibly, they will do since they already follow you, which is a good indication that they like — or like to hate — you.
If you’ve noticed this on Instagram, too, you’re seeing two things happen. The first is simply people trying to beat Instagram’s algorithm, but the second speaks to what Instagram has become as an app. The platform introduced — and by introduced we mean blatantly copied Snapchat — Stories in August 2016, and since then it has become the core of Instagram. Sure, people are coming for the posts and videos shared in their feed, but if users are relying on Stories to ensure that their followers get the chance to see those posts and videos, then that’s what the app is about these days. It’s like Facebook pivoting from being a platform built on the concept of “the profile” and growing into a platform engineered around the News Feed. The central use of the app has evolved past the original vision, and name, of the platform. Basically, what we’re saying is, if you want to know what folks are up to on Instagram, you’ll have to check their Stories. Because that’s what the app is all about now.
In reality, Instagram’s algorithm — which is constantly, and quietly, being tweaked by the company — was just taking that many days, or weeks, to show my followers a particular photo. Which is a pain if you’re a person who wants your followers to see your content just as soon as you post it. Or worse, an influencer whose business model depends on your followers seeing your content as soon as you post it.
Snapchat’s newly redesigned — it was supposed to make the app easier to use — app is driving people crazy. If you haven’t updated to the most recent version, try to save yourself for as long as possible. Plus, the platform’s growing trend of making content available on desktop means that you can enjoy a lot of the app without actually needing to have the app.
On Monday, the company announced that the Snap Map is now available online and without a Snapchat log in. Unlike its app counterpart, the desktop version will not show where your friends are by placing their respective Bitmoji on the map. Instead, all you’ll be able to see are public Stories that users have submitted to Snapchat. Some will be curated into formal Stories from specific locations or events, while others will be visible via a heat map, which shows by color where the most snaps have been submitted. Content on the desktop map will be moderated by Snapchat and will, as with all things Snapchat, only last for a limited period of time, namely 30 days. (The map can be embedded, though that gets a little tricky when you consider that you’d be embedding something that would vanish after a month.)
At the end of January, Snapchat announced that it was making changes to allow users to share Stories outside of the app. It was the first time that Snapchat had ever done something to make itself more public, and less the walled-off teen haven that has long been the app’s calling card. Monday’s map release seems to indicate that this might be a trend for Snap. Which is great for anybody who enjoys clicking around the world and seeing what people are up to — we were big fans of playing this game in the early days of Snap Map — without having to use Snapchat’s newly newfangled app. Of course, if you’re Snapchat, you’re probably hoping that the desktop map will do just the opposite and convince non–app users to get onboard and download.
Instagram has long been in the business of aping Snapchat, but usually that means giving users things they actually want. A new test, reported by TechCrunch, shows that the platform has been playing with a screenshot-alert feature in Instagram Stories. Who wants this, you ask? Well, probably nobody.
Unlike Snapchat, which notifies a user whenever somebody takes a screenshot of their story, the beauty of Instagram is that it lets you creep in peace. You can watch a Story as many times as you want and the user won’t know. You can screenshot pictures of things you like, dislike, want to buy, or want to show your friends and mock, and the user has no idea. An alert feature would take away that last bit. “We are always testing ways to improve the experience on Instagram and make it easier to share any moment with the people who matter to you,” an Instagram spokesperson told TechCrunch. Instagram, if you’re reading this, it matters to me that I continue to be able to screenshot in silence. Thank you in advance.
If you thought the Olympics were about fostering international community and championing feats of physical greatness, you were wrong. The Olympics are about one thing and one thing only: memes. Today, Select All is proud to present a meme which truly captures the purest spirit of the Games dating back to ancient Greece — where athletes competed in the nude — three statues that look suspiciously like, well, they look like dicks.
Located in front of the Alpensia Ski Jumping Center in Pyeongchang, the statues are called “Bullet Man.” BuzzFeed reports they’ve been around since 2009 and supposedly were inspired by “the human desire for a cool body.” Which, sure, if by “cool body” you meant a giant silver penis then job well done. You nailed it, South Korea. Bullet Man has reached meme status in Japan, BuzzFeed also reports, where they have been nicknamed “モルゲッソヨ” a rough translation of Korean for “I don’t know” spelled out in Japanese. Apparently, “I don’t know” was all Olympic personnel could come up with when asked about the statues.
Somebody better tell Pita Taufatofua — the Tongan flag-bearer who seems to be perpetually bare-chested and oily — these dudes are giving him a run for his shirtless money.
Stitched inside the jackets of the United States Olympic snowboarding team is a handy guide of English-to-Korean phrases. Some of them seem reasonable and handy: “Do you speak English?” and “Can you help me?” Others — “Do you want to sing karaoke?” and “What is your zodiac sign?” — seem, uh, less reasonable and handy. There’s also “Hello. I love you.” Ostensibly, that one is for anytime a snowboarder asks the aforementioned zodiac question and gets the response, “I’m a Pisces.” Of course, if that response comes back in Korean, chances are good that the snowboarder will have no idea what was said to them anyway.
A noticeable issue with the phrase guide is that the Korean translations aren’t written phonetically. Assuming the entire United States snowboarding team didn’t take the time to learn Hangul before shipping out to Pyeongchang, that means to use this phrase guide an athlete would have to approach a Korean person, unzip their jacket, and point to their sentence of choice. At which point it seems safe to assume that the Korean person will have already fled because that’s what you should do if a person saunters over to you and starts unzipping their jacket to show you what’s underneath. Plus, the only phrase U.S. Olympians should really be asking in Korean is, “Why do those statues outside the ski jumping center look like giant silver penises?”
Last week, the Unicode Consortium, the body that makes sure that digital text is compatible across different systems, announced more than 150 new additions to the emoji canon. There’s a bagel, a lobster, and even red hair. There is also, finally, a skateboard, joining other arguably more niche events like snowboarding, fencing, and water polo.
For Tony Hawk, the announcement of the skateboard was bittersweet. The inclusion of the sport was nice, but the preliminary art that the consortium had come up with was … lacking. Now, the Hawkman is working with the folks at Unicode to help fix the pictograph before it makes its official debut. He took some time earlier today to recap his emoji saga to Select All.
When you first saw the proposed design, what was your reaction?Just disappointed that they weren’t either keeping it up-to-date or had much knowledge of skateboards. It basically looks like a skateboard you would buy at a department store in the ’80s.
Had you been waiting for a skateboard emoji for a while?I’d like to say that I haven’t because I’m not a massive emoji user, but at the same time, when I started seeing other activities get recognized, then I started to wonder why we never had one. I’ve been waiting for one since I’ve seen them getting updated, especially including snowboarding. I realized that we were long overdue — skateboarding’s been around longer than snowboarding.
The Unicode Consortium reached out to you to fix this. What’s that been like?So about a year ago, sort of as a joke, I proposed [a skateboarding emoji] to Unicode. I didn’t really know how the process worked at the time, I just said, “I know this means new emoji are coming up, and I feel like skateboarding’s more relevant than a lot of them.” So my artists in my office came up with a skater that looks very much like the snowboarder, just sort of keeping in that style, and I said, “May I propose something along these lines?”
I noticed one of the comments on it on Twitter was from this guy Jeremy Burge, who is actually part of Emojipedia and [the Unicode Consortium]. It was like, you should submit this through the right channels, and if it gets enough support, then that could happen.
Fast-forward to a couple weeks ago: They announced the new emoji and skateboarding was included in it. I found what they had proposed and I put it out on my social media just saying, “Welp, here it is; we finally got one, even though it’s not necessarily what we hoped for.” And he immediately commented — he was like the second comment — he was like, “You can help us fix this,” and then reached out to me privately, and we’ve been going back and forth with a few ideas.
What sort of ideas are you guys throwing around?My suggestion was to have it be an actual character on the skateboard, and he told me that in order to have an actual skater on it, then you have to do it male and female and all the different skin colors. It was more unlikely that they would approve something like that because of the amount of emoji that they would have to add. It’s much easier to just have the skateboard itself.
What would your ideal skateboard emoji look like?Something a little more modern, more of a Popsicle-shaped skateboard with solid grip tape. Maybe something to spice it up, like colored wheels, or if you were able to see any graphics. Something artistic, but no brand, obviously. Something that gives an artistic impression without leaning toward a certain brand.
Do you have any favorite emoji? I think the David Bowie one was the one I was most excited about when they released the last round. That kind of inspired me to reach out because I was thinking, like, If they’re going all the way and doing a David Bowie tribute, I don’t see why skating is that far off.
In this round they announced something like 150 emoji. Do you think there are too many emoji?I’m in my 40s, so I don’t know how to scroll through them anyway. I usually have to employ my daughter to help find what I’m looking for. I’m already lost in a sea of emoji, and it doesn’t bother me anymore because I’m not going to be able to find all of them anyway.
I’m amazed how far emoji have come, and have become sort of an international language unto themselves. That phenomenon seemed like such a novelty at first, and now it’s just another normal way to communicate.
What about it is dated?Firstly, the shape, and the top of it. The way the grip tape is cut, it’s called a die cut — doing grip tape, then leaving a big blank spot in the middle. It just is very much a mid-’80s skateboard, but at a beginner level, and definitely not representative of modern skateboarding. And I get that some emoji are kitschy and maybe retro, but this one … we don’t have a skateboard emoji and a lot of people in the skate community have felt slighted by that. For them to bring this one in, it felt like they weren’t doing the research or were making fun of it.
The Olympics are underway in Pyeongchang, South Korea. That’s P-y-e-o-n-g-c-h-a-n-g. The city is a little over 120 kilometers east of the capital city, Seoul. It is not to be confused with America’s “Asian-inspired” restaurant franchise P.F. Chang’s. One is a South Korean city and the other is, well, a place you go to eat sad lettuce wraps. Despite this clear difference, Chicago television station WLS-Ch.7 managed to conflate the two in a piece earlier this week. A logo for “P.F. Chang 2018” with some fake Olympic rings popped up on the screen behind one of the station’s broadcasters, Mark Rivera.
In its apology, WLS-CH.7 said the graphic had been created for a “satirical piece” that the station ran earlier during the Games. During that piece, “viewers were encouraged to invent their own Olympic sports,” the Chicago Tribune reports. Because that’s, uh, better.
Yesterday, the National Portrait Gallery unveiled the official portraits of former president Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama, painted by Kehinde Wiley and Amy Sherald, respectively. They’re both very nice, for many reasons that historians and art experts can articulate much better than I.
Obama’s portrait, activist Brittany Packnett wrote, “dismantles so much and creates new visions of masculinity that black men rarely have the public permission to explore.” The Times’ Holland Cotter noted, “Whereas Mr. Obama’s predecessors are, to the man, shown expressionless and composed, Mr. Obama sits tensely forward, frowning, elbows on his knees, arms crossed, as if listening hard.”
This GIF, which has been floating around cyberspace for the last half-decade, comes from the 1994 episode “Homer Loves Flanders.” Its utility is obvious: Have you done something embarrassing and want to exit the situation without making things worse? Well, there’s the Homer-hedge GIF. Is there a ton of drama happening online that you want no part of? There’s the Homer-hedge GIF. The comparison between Wiley’s portrait and the iconic Simpsons moment is obviously meant as dumb fun, but it has an emotional resonance: a former president, watching from the sidelines, exiting quietly into history as his successor turns American politics into a petty, dysfunctional, egotistical mess.
While there is no official internet Hall of Fame or governing body to determine what would be in it, it’s safe to say that the Homer-hedge GIF would make the cut. So would “Loss,” an infamous webcomic whose four-panel structure became so recognizable it worked as a punchline. Another meme, a photo of a young man standing on a sidewalk with his hands clasped, might have a shot. Like “Loss,” it quickly became a game of Spot the Meme, where the man’s stance became the joke in and of itself.
The acceleration of this trend — the uniquely human talent of pattern recognition now distributed at scale — does more than break down the barrier between high art and kitsch even further. (A barrier Wiley himself has been chipping away at with humor for his entire career.) It overloads our images with meaning. The web is built on the concept of links: One page to another, to a third, to a fourth, each branching off endlessly, all pages attached together in an eternal and endless chain of reference. Painters no longer only evoke life, or other art, or meaning — but also any of the near-infinite number of images captured and archived digitally and floating around the internet, in a land of context and reference and meaning so endless and mutable and open it ceases to be context or reference or meaning at all.
Online, in the ever-more-influential world of digital culture, the ability to create conceptual links is prized as wit. Can you take one joke and attach it to another? Can you see how this image references the other? Beyond memes, you find social-media users like Tabloid Art History, who help spur a culture linking famous images of the past with the popular (if not capital-A artistic) meme images that dominate digital culture today.
Like all works of art, good or bad, the paintings are open to interpretation. Maybe you saw what Packnett and Cotter did. Or maybe you saw, in the former president’s depiction, set against a curling green overgrowth, Homer Simpson, sinking slowly into a hedge.
Like many people in romantic relationships, I often forget that I am in one without the help of massive social networks. Luckily, starting tomorrow, Facebook Messenger will be there to remind me.
Starting tomorrow for Valentine’s Day, anytime you change your relationship status to “Engaged,” “In a Civil Union,” “Married,” “In a Domestic Partnership,” or “In an Open Relationship,” you’ll see several options:
There’s no word on whether these changes will kick in for people already in a relationship, or what, if anything, Facebook Messenger will do for people like me with partners who aren’t on Facebook. Will I simply be forced to tell my partner when I see her at home that I love her, without even being able to use Facebook Messenger to shower her with hearts and create a custom text color and emoji? Is romance dead?
Is your child texting? Probably! It’s 2018 and children are now practically born with a cell phone in their hand. Do you know what your children are talking about, though? Probably not! That’s very scary. For decades now, parents have been trying to crack the arcane teen lingo that they use to hide their nefarious missives from decrepit seniors (anyone over 30). LOL, SMH, ROFLMAO, OMGWTFBBQ. In the absence of a Rosetta Stone for the digital age, social-media users have helpfully begun crowdsourcing glossaries in order to spread the knowledge far and wide.
Know the signs; talk to your kids about texting before they start.
Parody texting glossaries, if Google Trends records are to be believed, peaked at the end of last month, but their rise, and fall, over the last 90 days has been erratic, with many spikes.
Part of that probably has to do with the fact that joke texting acronyms are a moral panic as old as instant messaging and cell phones themselves. Local news broadcasts across America warned parents of acronyms like PIR (“parent in room,” from back when you had to IM on a computer and couldn’t just tuck your phone away), GNOC (“get naked on camera”), and CU46 (“see you for sex”) — all of them needlessly complicated acronyms that have seemingly never been deployed in real life. Still, as long as people are sending texts, there will be panicked parents, and a local-news cycle in need of filler.
Ridiculing this panic has been a long-running online pastime, cropping up every few months with a slightly tweaked image template or framing, but the joke is always the same — parents are dumb.
Liberty University Wind Symphony decided it would be fun this month to prank their conductor. After their leader offered some advice about not guessing at notes and raised his baton at the podium to lead the group in a Bach chorale, they instead began to play an arrangement of the Mii Channel — true Nintendo Wii fans will know — theme song. The arrangement was put together by one of the band’s members, Drew Harris, who uploaded a video of the whole thing on YouTube. Since then, plenty of commenters have written wanting to know if they can get Harris’s arrangement, to use both in legit performances and for similar gags.
Love a good “You thought we were gonna play classical music, but then we tricked you and decided to play something incredibly niche and video-game-related” joke. More of these, please.
In what appears to be an alarming new trend — if you subscribe to the concept of two being a trend — an armed fan broke into the home of a YouTube couple earlier this month. Gavin Free, best known as one of the Slow Mo Guys, and Meg Turney, a cosplayer and vlogger, were at home in Austin, Texas, when a man with a gun broke into their home at 3 a.m. at the end of January. The couple, the Albuquerque Journal reports, hid in a closet in their home and called 911. The fan, Christopher Giles, was later killed during a standoff with the police.
Giles drove to Austin from Albuquerque — an 11-hour trip — to seek out the couple. He seemed to have a fixation with hurting Free, and the police found over 1,000 notes about the couple on his phone, as well as recorded threats, like “I want Gavin Free to die alone, with no children.” Giles is being described by the police as “single, lonely and disturbed,” and having “developed a fondness of Turney yet resented Free for his lifestyle and success.”
After breaking into the couple’s house, Giles eventually left after he couldn’t find Turney and Free. Reports indicate that he fired his gun once while inside the house. He ran into police officers in the driveway, where he was ultimately shot dead. Giles reportedly fired his gun once in the driveway and the police returned fire. Texas authorities are investigating whether or not Giles shot himself.
Earlier this month, a fan broke into YouTuber Logan Paul’s house in California. Paul performed a “citizens arrest,” after discovering the fan — who entered the house through the unlocked front door — sitting on the couch. Paul’s roommates were home at the time, but just assumed that the person coming through the door into the house was Paul. The fan was eventually arrested — by the real police, not Paul — for criminal trespass.
On Tuesday, the New York Times announced that it had hired technology journalist Quinn Norton to contribute to its editorial page. In a matter of hours, Norton and the paper had parted ways. The reasons are, on the one hand, utterly obvious — homophobic comments on Twitter and an insistence on friendship with a notorious white supremacist — and at the same time muddled and thorny. Unpacking the issue, however, provides a useful demonstration of how the internet works in 2018, when its most august institutions and its seediest corners are converging.
Norton joined the editorial board as the Times’ “lead opinion writer on the power, culture and consequences of technology,” putting her in a position to affect how much of the country perceives technology and web-related cultural issues via the editorial section of the most important newspaper in the world. Joining the editorial board is slightly different from being an op-ed columnist like David Brooks or Bret Stephens — pieces from the editorial board are unsigned and reflect an institutional position (which is entirely separate from the paper’s much larger reporting division), though it was likely that Norton would also have written signed op-eds.
Norton was also linked, for a time romantically, to Aaron Swartz, the digital activist present at the founding of Reddit. Swartz committed suicide in early 2013 while being prosecuted by the federal government. He had downloaded millions of academic articles from JSTOR using MIT’s computers and, the DOJ alleged, had intended to release all of them for free. Norton played a pivotal role in the case. Recounting her experience in The Atlantic, she wrote:
It was Norton’s role within these communities — inside online spaces like Anonymous and social circles like the one Swartz belonged to, where the people who saw the world-changing potential of the internet tried to figure out how to wield it — that made her a compelling choice to lead the Times’ editorial coverage on tech.
But it was also her role around fringe communities like 4chan that made her, ultimately, the wrong choice.
The thing about rubbing elbows with people like the ones who populate /b/, 4chan’s notorious “random” board, is that sometimes they rub off on you. With a not inconsiderable frequency, Norton has referred to Weev (Andrew Auernheimer, a white supremacist with a swastika chest tattoo who was also the foremost hacker-troll on 4chan) as a friend. “I can’t write about my friend’s incarceration with detached journalistic distance,” she wrote in a piece about Weev on Medium in 2013. On Twitter in 2014, she sounded mostly amused that people had only just begun to notice Weev’s Nazi disposition, and stated that she has been affiliated with various neo-Nazis (Weev’s twitter handle is @rabite).
From time spent on 4chan, Norton had also picked up some of its, if we’re being charitable, verbal tics. The words retard and fag are staples of the 4chan lexicon. Those who frequent /b/ are known as “/b/tards,” and “fag” is often deployed as a suffix (new users would be called “newfags,” etc.). More generally, you can’t walk two steps without bumping into a slur of some kind on 4chan boards like /b/ or /pol/. As is often the case when politically incorrect internet users are confronted about their language, Norton asserted that it all comes down to context.
Last night, regarding her relationship to Weev, Norton explained it as a function of a broader belief that people are redeemable.
The mostly male, mostly white, mostly straight world of technology and digital-culture journalism is in the midst of a cultural realignment about how it views the sort of “ironic” political incorrectness (and outright Nazism) prevalent in online spaces like 4chan and its orbit. What was once permissible among hacktivists and their observers and hangers-on — hobnobbing with white supremacists, even if you disagreed — no longer is in an America where white supremacists are particularly emboldened, and when that movement has literally been stoked on 4chan. A decade ago, it was much easier to shrug off explicit invocations of Nazism and white supremacy online. For a certain type of reporter hanging out in transgressive parts of the internet, putting up with these shenanigans was par for the course. But that attitude — that it’s just trolling, that it’s ironic, that you don’t know the context — has provided cover for hundreds of acts of genuine hate and violence over the last two years. The idea that because a person leans left in their politics, they can comfortably associate with white supremacists and not be guilty by association is outdated for a lot of people, and the Times apparently heard from enough of them.
She also characterized, I would say accurately, the brief furor as an example of “context collapse” — her trollish 4chan posture; her glib both-sides, all-are-redeemable politics; and her identity as a professional journalist meant to serve a broad audience were all housed incongruously within a single Twitter account.
Speaking as a straight, white male who spent much of his impressionable teen years involved in 4chan-adjacent gamer chat rooms between 2006 and 2010, I can say from experience that it was remarkably easy to discuss things like video games and memes with other users who casually deployed slurs without also picking up the language myself. Which is just to say that the “context” excuse for saying “fag” online barely held water a decade ago, and even less so now.
In the wake of this exhumation, the Times got cold feet. The paper’s editorial-page editor, James Bennet, said in a statement regarding the language and opinions expressed on Twitter: “Despite our review of Quinn Norton’s work and our conversations with her previous employers, this was new information to us. Based on it, we’ve decided to go our separate ways.” But as her tweets demonstrate, Norton is nothing if not open about her beliefs, and it’s odd to have only discovered her association with white-supremacist trolls so late in the process. It seems just as likely that she was hired to play a “provocative” role like other recent op-ed hires, but her candor ultimately made her position unsustainable. (Never underestimate the power of plausible deniability.)
Picking her for the role was gutsy, to say the least; she is not the safe-centrist, establishment type you might expect from an institution like the Times. Norton is an accomplished activist and journalist who has spent much of her career covering and embedding closely with Anonymous and the Occupy movement — two amorphous groups born or cultivated on the internet — for Wired and other publications. A 2013 Rolling Stone article describes Norton as a “self-defined anarchist.”
Snapchat’s new redesign is, well, bad, but at least creators are getting something they’ve wanted for a long time out of it. The company announced on Wednesday that it would finally be providing viewer analytics to a select group of influencers and creators. These users — people who are featured in official Discover Stories and people with significant followings — will be able to see things like how many people have viewed their Stories in the last week, month, and year to date, as well as how long users spent watching each Story. Snap will also be offering a breakdown of viewer demographics, like gender and age, as well as targeted information about the kinds of content their viewers are most interested in watching.
It’s a smart, if very late, move on Snapchat’s part to give creators what they’ve always wanted. It gets tricky to make money as an influencer if you have little to no way to prove to, say, a brand just how far your influence reaches, beyond saying “I have 200,000 followers” or “Here are some screenshots of the views on my last Story.” (Screenshotting viewers isn’t a great metric, since it doesn’t give any gritty details, like how many times a viewer watched or how long they actually stuck around.) It’s also a move that feels like Snapchat is really trying hard not to go the way of Vine. A big part of Vine’s demise was that creators left the platform en masse for platforms — mostly Facebook and YouTube — that they felt cared about them and their work and careers. Also, more importantly, platforms that made it easier for them to make money.
Apple’s HomePod is apparently leaving white rings on the surface of certain kinds of wooden furniture, and nobody seems quite sure why.
The Wirecutter said it noticed white rings appearing on an oiled butcher block, while Pocket Lint noted the same on an oak kitchen worktop treated with Danish oil (a mixture of tung oil and varnish).
As reported by Pocket Lint and the Wirecutter (as well as several Twitter users), leaving the HomePod on wooden surfaces treated with oil appears to leave a white ring on the surface of the wood.
Apple confirmed the issue to both Pocket Lint and the Wirecutter, writing that “the marks can improve over several days after the speaker is removed from the wood surface” — but if the marks don’t disappear, Apple suggests that you “try cleaning the surface with the manufacturer’s suggested oiling method” — in other words, try refinishing your furniture.
It’s unclear what exactly is causing these rings to appear. The HomePod has a silicone ring at its base, and silicone and oil don’t get along well — but that’s just a hypothesis.
The Wirecutter also says it didn’t see white rings appear on glass, medium-density fiberboard (i.e., what a lot of your Ikea furniture is made out of), or any wood treated with a polyurethane lacquer. For now, if you’ve got a nice piece of wooden furniture that you regularly treat with oil and you’ve got a HomePod, we’d recommend keeping them away from each other. Or at least using a coaster.
For what it’s worth, I used a HomePod on an oak butcher block treated with mineral oil in my own home for about two hours and didn’t see a ring. But that was only two hours of use, and the HomePod spent the majority of the time on a Formica countertop.
Congratulations to former Vine star Brittany Furlan, formerly the most-followed female Viner in the world and also onetime star of a Pitbull music video, and Tommy Lee, the Mötley Crüe member best known for his sex tape with Pamela Anderson, on their forthcoming nuptials. Furlan announced via an Instagram video that the couple got engaged on Valentine’s Day, “Well, this certainly beats chocolates!” Love, as they say, vines a way. (Sorry.)
Furlan is 31 and Lee is 55. The pair has been together since last June, according to E! News. In September, Furlan posted a video of herself introducing Lee to her “mother.” (Furlan’s brand of comedy often involves her playing several parts in the same video.) “Is he in a gang?” Furlan’s “mom” asks in the video. “Does he make music with guns?” She also points out Lee’s nipple piercings, prompting him to mention that his penis is likewise adorned.
We here at Select All look forward to receiving our invitations.
In September, vlogger and bail bondsman Ben Bennight reported a YouTube user to both YouTube and the FBI for a frightening comment left on one of Bennight’s videos. “Im going to be a professional school shooter,” read the comment, posted by a YouTube user under the name Nikolas Cruz. This week, a 19-year-old man by the same name was taken into custody as the suspected attacker in a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida that killed at least 17 people. Bennight told BuzzFeed News that the FBI reached out to him again following the shooting. Bennight said the FBI had previously interviewed him immediately following his report in September, but that he hadn’t heard from them since.
From BuzzFeed News:
FBI agents also visited his home, Bennight said. Both on the phone and in person, he told them that he didn’t know who Nikolas Cruz was, beyond the one YouTube comment from his account. The FBI said it would not comment on whether the Nikolas Cruz on YouTube and the Nikolas Cruz in custody were the same person. The Nikolas Cruz account in question has since been suspended.
With Apple’s HomePod out on the market, we decided to see how it did in a couple of different homes, so it spent some time with technology writer Jake Swearingen — someone pretty far out of the Apple ecosystem — and Select All senior editor Max Read — someone deeply embedded in Apple’s ecosystem. After we each got a few days with Apple’s smart speaker, we compared notes.
On the other hand, on the Amazon Echo, I can keep using all my Spotify playlists. How’d you find Apple Music?
But I can see it being much more of a pain — and maybe less useful — if you’re not a heavy Apple user. What was it like using the HomePod as an Android guy?
Jake: Not great! I’ve got an iPhone on loan from Apple, so I was able to get it set up and running, but I definitely felt hemmed in at a lot of different places. The fact that the HomePod has Bluetooth 5.0 onboard should mean that I could theoretically hook in just about anything, but that it will only actually work with Apple’s proprietary AirPlay protocol pretty much sums up my gripes about it. It’s too bad because when it comes to sound and design, this is pretty close to the Platonic ideal of a smart speaker. It’s small enough that it tucks into the corner of my kitchen, unlike the Google Home Max, which is like cramming two Cuisinarts onto your counter. And after using the HomePod, the Amazon Echo sounds a little muddy.
Max: Listening to music on the HomePod was both the biggest attraction and the biggest pain point. I’ve been listening to music on my Amazon Echo, mostly just out of laziness — it’s there, it plays music when I ask it to, and it sounds fine — and the HomePod promised a much better, deeper, richer sound than the bare-bones Echo speaker. It certainly delivered on that promise: It sounds great, especially compared to the Echo.
I expected the sound to be good, but one thing I was pleasantly surprised by was Siri. I almost never use Siri on my phone, so maybe my impression is stuck in the dark ages of its near uselessness — but on the HomePod, it understood everything and responded to queries very well. On the other hand, that may be because 90 percent of my conversations with smart speakers are around four tasks: playing music, turning on and off lights, setting timers, and getting the weather. You have a little more experience with the Google Home — how do you think Siri stacked up against it and Alexa?
Jake: I would guess that there was some behind-the-scenes beefing up of Siri’s knowledge base and overall usability before the HomePod got released because I expected it to be much, much worse than it was. I did some round-robin tests with an Amazon Echo, a Google Home, and a HomePod, and Siri did pretty okay on knowledge-based stuff — who’s the leading scorer in the NBA right now, what’s the population of Malta, who wrote Lucky Jim — stuff you can use to cheat at crossword puzzles, basically. But there were also weird knowledge gaps: Siri flatly refused to answer a lot of questions about movie and TV shows for some reason.
Siri also seemed to stumble a bit more than Alexa or Google’s Assistant when I strayed outside of pretty direct commands or queries, which meant that I had to phrase everything in that weird command-line syntax: “Siri, play the radio station WNYC” worked, but if I just said, “Siri, play WNYC,” I got a playlist of the artist WNC. And the ability to send text messages from a phone hooked directly into your HomePod seems like it’ll inevitably lead to trouble for someone with kids.
So I don’t think I’m being picky when I say that if you’re a longtime or devoted Spotify user, I’d think hard about whether you have the patience or energy to switch from one platform to another. Sure, if you just like to listen to a handful of favorite albums, it won’t make much of a difference. But Apple is selling this as a music lover’s speaker, and music lovers should be prepared to use Apple Music almost exclusively.
There’s also some basic functionality that I’ve come to expect — especially setting multiple timers while cooking — that really should be there on Siri and just isn’t. I also found it really annoying how badly the HomePod and the iPhone interacted with each other. If I ask how long it’ll take to get to an address on Google Home or Alexa, those directions get sent directly to my phone, ready for me when I step out the door. Or if I want to turn off a timer or alarm, I can use Google and Amazon’s respective apps to directly access that stuff. You can’t with the HomePod — everything is hidden beneath the Apple Home app, which is unintuitive.
But when I think about the HomePod as a competitor to a Sonos speaker — the full-home speaker system now equipped with Alexa — it becomes a little less clear to me. In terms of sound quality, the HomePod sounds to me like it ends up somewhere close to the big, impressive, flagship Sonos Five — which currently retails for around $500. Now, Sonos still has plenty of advantages over the HomePod, including models at price points under the HomePod. But if people are already paying those prices for good smart speakers that you can chain together throughout your home, I don’t know why I’d think the HomePod is overpriced.
But I’m inclined to give some of this a pass because these are all things that can be fixed with updates. Alexa was much more confused about a lot more stuff a few years ago, but software updates have improved the Echo by quite a bit. Smart speakers aren’t static pieces of hardware. They’re just like us, Max. They have the capacity to change.
Max: Weirdly, the question of how much I’d pay for the HomePod depends a bit on what I’m thinking of it as. As a competitor to the Echo or the Google Home, I don’t think you get quite enough extra for your money, and, of course, if good sound matters that much to you, my bet is that you already have a good speaker at home that you can upgrade to “smart” with an Amazon Dot.
Knowing Apple, what isn’t going to change is that price. Would you pay $350 for what the HomePod is right now? Or what would need to change (besides you suddenly getting a bunch more money) for you to be willing pay $350?
Now, would I build a home sound system out of HomePods? Probably not — though the irrational gadget-project guy in me sort of wants to for inexplicable reasons — and I sort of doubt that Apple is interested in expanding its product line to Sonos levels. But if I were a Sonos exec right now, I’d be wondering what I was doing that really differentiated me from the HomePod.
I’ll say this: One thing that might make this worth it to me is the ability to control my Apple TV. Nothing has seemed to represent the lazy-utopia promise of the smart speaker to me more than the idea that I could talk directly to my TV: “Siri, play the episode of The Sopranos where Tony and Meadow visit colleges together.” You can do this right now with the Google Home and Chromecast (though it’s a bit janky), and if you hook up your Apple TV to your HomePod over AirPlay, you can tell it to play and pause whatever you’re watching. But a HomePod that acts like an Apple TV (or vice versa) might very well be worth $350.
Jake: You sell me a combo HomePod–Apple TV with the sound-bar design of a Sonos Playbar, you open it up so I can use Spotify, and I’m suddenly a lot more interested. At some point, Lord help me, I’m going to set up a smart home. Of the various ways to control a smart home that I’ve looked at, I like Apple’s HomeKit quite a bit — the ideas of setting up “scenes” based around a cluster of activities — say, a “weekday morning” scene to turn on coffee, raise the thermostat, turn on NPR, and raise blinds in our kitchen — makes more sense than the more granular and kinda annoying control you often see with some competitors. But you’d also need to see Apple be willing to perhaps sell something like a HomePod Mini for full-home control. I need decent mics spread around, but I don’t need sound that can fill an auditorium everywhere.
But the earliest you’d see something like that is probably 2019. One thing you’ll hear Apple defenders — and Apple itself — say over and over is that it’s not afraid to be late to a market. It didn’t have the first MP3 player, or the first smartphone, or the first tablet — just the best. But in each of those instances, Apple used its unique position in the supply chain to meld software and hardware together into something greater than the sum of its parts. The iPod was a great leap forward in the usability of MP3 players that moved them from the “gadget dork” aisle to “holiday present for mom” aisle. And I can’t see anything the HomePod is doing — even with its fancy spatial acoustic rendering and, again, truly fantastic sound — that has that same great leap forward in usability.
Max: If I were an Apple geek with cash to burn, the HomePod would be perfect. Unfortunately, I’m just an Apple geek. I agree that all-around, the Google Home is probably your best bet — with the caveat that if you already have a good speaker somewhere, the Echo Dot is probably the best bargain out of any of them.
Max: I’ll be torn up, but I think Siri is too young to really understand.
Jake: Will you be sad to give the HomePod back to Apple’s press people?
Max Read: Yeah, maybe I should start by admitting that I’m a total Apple homer, since it’s extremely relevant to the question of which smart speaker you should buy. I’m typing this on a MacBook; I use an iPhone; I watch Netflix over my Apple TV; and, yes, I even have AirPods. And I can confirm that the HomePod inserts itself totally seamlessly into a household drowning in Apple. Beyond the bare fact that you can’t even set the thing up without an iPhone, it’s also that everything else you might want to do with a smart speaker becomes easier when you’re cocooned (or trapped, depending on your perspective) in Apple’s chamfered embrace. Want to control your smart home? If you’ve already set everything up in Apple’s HomeKit, you don’t need to tinker at all. Want to use your HomePod as a home-theater speaker? If you’ve got an Apple TV, you can do that with a couple swipes and a couple clicks. It’s seamless and easy compared to the longer setup and customization processes that the Amazon Echo and Google Home both required of me when I tried those out.
Of course, you can do the challenge in just about any craft store. It doesn’t really have to be a Hobby Lobby — if you aren’t near one or don’t feel like visiting a store best known for a lengthy Supreme Court battle over refusing to provide birth control for employees, and also that time it smuggled a whole bunch of artifacts out of Iraq and the United Arab Emirates by pretending they were “tile samples” — just any place you can get your hands on some plastic plants that’ll blur nicely into a sea of verdant tones.
The Hobby Lobby Challenge, as it’s being hailed, has been growing on Twitter since the end of January. The gist is simple. Head to a Hobby Lobby — make sure you’re looking camera-ready before you get there — and position yourself among some fake greenery. Lay on the aisle floor with roses and vines piled around your head. Stand and pose with a synthetic lily in one hand and a look in your eyes that says, I am about to launch into the “Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day” sonnet. Do whatever it takes to get the shot. (You’ll also need to bring a friend to act as your photographer. The Hobby Lobby Challenge is no time for selfies.) Then tweet your pics and hope for viral fame and acknowledgment of how good-looking and artsy and creative you are.
And because it’s 2018, that “final word” means sparring with media personalities like right-wing pundit Tomi Lahren — and the president. Trump’s first tweet following the news of the shooting was, perhaps as expected, an anemic missive offering “prayers and condolences.” Lahren’s tweet asked that “the Left” give the victims and their families at least a day to grieve before pushing the “anti-gun agenda.” “My goodness. This isn’t about a gun it’s about another lunatic,” Lahren tweeted. Neither of these messages sat well with Stoneman students online.
In addition to, you know, winning gold, extremely good snowboarding teen Chloe Kim found time — quite literally between half-pipe runs — to keep her fans updated on Twitter. Mostly with several very relatable tweets about being hungry.
The Olympics are being hosted by the South Korean city of Pyeongchang. Which is not to be confused with America’s Asian-inspired restaurant chain P.F. Chang’s. Which is exactly what Chicago television station WLS-Ch.7 did on air and then tried to excuse by saying that the P.F. Chang’s graphic was for a satirical spot about the games. Yikes.
In 2016, Justin Goldman captured a photo of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and Celtics general manager Danny Ainge on a Hamptons sidewalk. The meeting led to speculation that Brady was being used to try and woo Kevin Durant to the Celtics. He later uploaded the photo to Snapchat, where it went viral after being scraped from there and uploaded to Twitter by various users (one user cited in the case appears to have been hit with a copyright takedown, another has not).
In the wake of the Valentine’s Day shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, which killed 17, there has, unsurprisingly, been an influx in gun-control dialogue on Twitter. What is surprising — but perhaps shouldn’t be, given the events surrounding the 2016 election — is that some of the voices in that dialogue are actually Kremlin-linked Twitter accounts. The trolls co-opted popular hashtags, like #Parkland and #GunControlNow, to help spread their content.
Hamilton 68, a nonpartisan site that tracks and analyzes Russian Twitter propaganda, noted a marked shift in what some of these accounts were tweeting following the shooting. Before the shooting, Ukraine and Syria were popular topics, whereas after, Nikolas Cruz — the suspected shooter — was a top subject. “The Kremlin doesn’t care about gun control in America, they have no skin in this game,” Hamilton 68 analyst Brett Schafer told NPR. “By taking an extreme hyper-partisan position, it just serves to further rip us apart.” The tweets, NBC News notes, lean both left and right. While one Kremlin-linked account might be spouting anti-gun rhetoric at the NRA on Twitter about “blood money,” a different account might opt to go in on the mainstream media. The point here isn’t to convince people on Twitter of a certain viewpoint, but rather to create chaos.
“The accounts seek to exploit divisions in order to break down society into smaller, warring groups,” according to NBC News. “Trolls drum up persona accounts on every side of the ideological spectrum and take advantage of high-impact events to spread confusion and disarray.” Nowhere was this more clear than during the 2016 election where, as we now know, Russian-sponsored tweets were hiding in plain sight. At the beginning of 2018, Twitter emailed 677,775 Americans to let them know that they had retweeted content from a Kremlin-linked account in the months leading up to the election.
This afternoon, as part of his probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted a number of Russian individuals and organizations — including the infamous Internet Research Agency, a Kremlin-linked “troll farm” known for its social-media campaigns. The indictment contains allegations confirming what most of us already know — that the IRA was engaged in “information warfare” to “sow discord” during the 2016 election through its use of social-media accounts falsely claiming to be ordinary Americans. “The conspiracy had as its object impairing, obstructing, and defeating the lawful governmental functions of the United States by dishonest means in order to enable the Defendants to interfere with U.S. political and electoral processes,” the indictment states.
The Russians also tried to suppress minority turnout in the campaign. Pages that appeared to support social-justice issues encouraged users to not vote at all or vote for a third-party candidate, and highlighted Clinton’s hawkishness.
While the objective of “sowing discord” is floaty and inexact, the political aims of the online work was clear: Throughout the 2016 campaign, the IRA’s workers were ordered to “use any opportunity to criticize Hillary and the rest (except Sanders and Trump — we support them).” IRA employees who ran the “Secured Borders” page were criticized for not having enough posts criticizing Clinton. They purchased ads on social media to that end.
Some of the Russian effort manifested in real-world meetups organized by deceiving real Americans into participating, or paying them to do things like dress up as Hillary Clinton in a prison uniform (“she wants to continue the war on Muslims in the middle east”).
By the time Trump had claimed the nomination, the IRA had turned to building him up and tearing Clinton down. In June of 2016, the indictment states, the @march_for_trump account contacted a volunteer for the Trump campaign in New York, and the volunteer agreed to provide signs for a rally that the IRA-run account was organizing. It’s interactions like these that are central to Mueller’s investigation — how an American campaign interacted with foreign agents, wittingly or unwittingly.
IRA employees, known as “specialists,” were directed to create social-media accounts and “were divided into day-shift and night-shift hours and instructed to make posts in accordance with the appropriate U.S. time zone,” as well as making comments related to American holidays. They also created social-media pages surrounding divisive issues, with names like “Secured Borders,” “Blacktivist,” “United Muslims of America,” and “Heart of Texas.” The indictment says that many of the pages had follower counts in the hundreds of thousands. It also confirms that the IRA ran the @TEN_GOP Twitter account, which its counterpart, the real Tennessee GOP Party, spent months trying to get shut down.
Last week, we brought you word of Tony Hawk’s crusade to make the newly announced skateboard emoji as accurate as possible. Hawk lamented that the initial design — with a curvier body and two separate sections of grip tape — was outdated by decades.
Shortly after posting about it online, Jeremy Burge from the Unicode Consortium invited Hawk to help fix it. “After a helpful DM exchange we settled on a new design to address all of these issues. No more grip tape, no gap in the middle, hopefully more 2018 than 1985,” Burge wrote in a blog post yesterday.
Emoji 11.0 will be released in the second half of 2018.
The new design is apparently based on Hawk’s own skateboard (although, given that you can only see the top and two wheels, it could probably be any board). Regardless, the changes are proof that the system — complaining on social media — works.
Rob Goldman, a vice-president of ads at Facebook, would like his colleagues to know he’s sorry he got retweeted by the president of the United States. After news broke that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had indicted several Russian organizations and individuals for interfering in the 2016 election, Goldman tweeted a thread focusing on the paid advertising Russia ran on Facebook during that time. According to Goldman, “swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal,” of those ads. Except Russia didn’t just use Facebook ads — the indictment notes Russia spent about $100,000 on those ads, a drop in the bucket compared to overall figures which show the Internet Research Agency spent over $1 million monthly to sway American minds.
This, of course, is probably not what Rob Goldman had in mind when he started tweeting. What Goldman probably meant to do, we can only assume, was to make Facebook look as good as possible. To note that the company worked closely and effectively with the Mueller probe to help bring about last week’s indictment. To point out how Facebook ads — you can see a selection of the 2016 election ads Russia ran here, including a rainbow-colored, half-naked Bernie Sanders with some excellent muscle tone — were just a cog in a much larger Russian machine. Instead, he wound up providing a perfect sound bite for Donald Trump. Following the retweets, Goldman posted an internal apology, Wired reports, noting the opinions expressed in the tweets were his and not Facebook’s and that he should have run them by somebody internally before posting. “The Special Counsel has far more information about what happened [than] I do — so seeming to contradict his statements was a serious mistake on my part.”
Still, if a Facebook ad exec says the ads weren’t engineered to sway voters, then that must be the truth. At least as far as Donald Trump is concerned. The president quote tweeted sections of Goldman’s thread over the weekend, likening Goldman to some sort of truth teller out to undermine the “Fake News Media” with some hard facts. “Nothing we found contradicts the Special Counsel’s indictments. Any suggestion otherwise is wrong,” Facebook’s VP of Global Public Policy, Joel Kaplan, would later say in a statement, but it would be too late. Trump’s millions of followers would have already seen Goldman’s tweets as confirmation that the mainstream media had been overhyping the whole Russia thing.
Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir are not a couple. Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir are a couple of skaters, but they are not a couple. The Canadian ice-dancing duo took home Olympic gold in Pyeongchang on Monday — their third Olympic gold over a career spanning more than two decades — skating to selections from Moulin Rouge, sans one lift they had to cut because it was deemed too sexy for competition. (It involved Moir holding up Virtue while she wrapped her legs around his neck.) Still, the routine had plenty of sex appeal. And if watching Moir and Virtue skate has you feeling some kind of way, you’re not alone. Tumblr, Twitter, and the wide world of fan-fiction are here to keep you company.
Want to know what Tessa and Scott were up to in the hours after taking home the gold? Try “Gold Medal Decision,” in which Virtue and Moir, overcome by emotion following their win, have sex all night long and only stop when their coach, Marie-France Dubreuil, knocks on their door to inform them that the prime minister is calling to congratulate them.
Perhaps you’re interested in something a little less blatantly erotic. Cool. “It Came to Me in a Dream” offers up an origin story for how Virtue and Moir settled on Moulin Rouge music for their routine.
The description for this one reads “Tessa goes into heat right before their individual free skate in Pyeongchang.” Sure.
“Don’t Play With Me, Cause You’re Playing With Fire” offers you over 13,000 words about how the rules of their skating club do not allow fraternization between athletes. This, obviously, gets ignored, though not before you have to read through several chapters of unrequited longing.
And in case you’ve ever wondered what Tessa and Scott get up to while flying around the world to get to skating competitions, we present the not-so-subtly titled “Never Have I Ever (Been to the Mile-High Club).”
Virtue and Moir have said that Pyeongchang will be their final Olympics. Though if you’d like to know what’s next for the duo, you could always just read this little number set in 2021, as the pair decides how to reveal their pregnancy to their friends in the cast of Halifax Stars on Ice.
Virtue and Moir forever!
If Snapchat’s unpopular redesign hasn’t sent you screaming for the hills of Instagram Stories for good, the app is rolling out a new feature today that seems fun. Partnering with Giphy, Snapchat will now let users add GIF stickers to photos and videos. To find the feature — make sure you’re running the latest version of the app, though if you’re avoiding updating to prolong the inevitable, you’re out of luck — tap the sticker icon in the top-right corner of the Snap preview screen.
Once you’ve found the sticker icon — that’s the square icon between the pen tool and the scissors tool — search for whatever you want under the Giphy header, and then size it appropriately for your snap. To pin a GIF sticker — place it on a video so it’ll move with the clip instead of remaining static — just press and hold the sticker to the spot on the screen you want it glued to. If this all sounds fairly familiar, it’s probably because Instagram announced a Giphy integration at the end of January. Still, now you can add Kim Kardashian West’s crying face, complete with animated tears, to your snaps and your Instagram Stories. Everybody wins. (Except maybe Snap who is still, it would appear, chasing Instagram’s tail.)
Earlier this month, the Unicode Consortium — the governing body of all things emoji — announced the 157 new emoji coming soon to phones everywhere later this year. Among them was a lobster. There was joy throughout the land. Fans of the B-52’s rejoiced. A particular seafood chain restaurant was giddy. Finally. A lobster. Except all was not as it seemed. Up north, in Maine, trouble was brewing. You see, the mocked-up image for the forthcoming crustacean pictograph, was missing two legs, according to some very vocal readers of the Portland Press Herald. Since then, Emojipedia has rereleased its mock-up of the emoji with the appropriate number of legs. (That’s ten in all, including two claws.)
The skateboard emoji also got some tweaking, thanks in part to Tony Hawk. The skateboarder, who spoke with Select All earlier this month, was initially disappointed by the outdated design of the skateboard emoji. Emojipedia brought Hawk onboard to help with the corrected version. If only all the world’s issues could be solved as simply as getting Tony Hawk’s opinion on grip tape.
When Pokémon Go launched in the summer of 2016, it set off a frenzy of activity: Kids and adults stumbling around fields and apartment complexes and trespassing on private property in the hopes of catching a Charmander. It also led to a rash of injuries and close calls as players kept their eyes glued to their phones as they tried to navigate the real world.
There are a few caveats to note here. First, this is a working paper, so the conclusions aren’t necessarily definitive. Secondly, the monetary figures in this cost imply damage to property and equipment, but the research also takes into account the loss of human life. Two fatalities contained in the data set were given an estimated combined worth of $3.8 million. If we assume that the total damage fell somewhere around the $5.2 million lower boundary, then the two deaths accounted for more than three-quarters of the financial loss. Anyway, don’t drive and use your smartphone at the same time.
Now, a new working paper at the National Bureau of Economic Research attempts to tally up the damage that Pokémon Go hath wrought. In “Death by Pokémon GO: The Economic and Human Cost of Using Apps While Driving,” Mara Faccio and John J. McConnell examined police accident reports in Tippecanoe County, Indiana, in the 148 days following the release of the mobile game. The pair estimates that “the incremental county-wide cost of users playing Pokémon GO while driving to be in the range of $5.2 to $25.5 million” over that time span. “Extrapolating these estimates to nation-wide levels yields a total ranging from $2.0 to $7.3 billion.” Expensive game!
David Hogg and his classmates lived through the unthinkable after a gunman entered their school and killed 17 of their peers and teachers. Now, the teens are speaking out about the need for gun control. Hogg and his classmates are not paid crisis actors; they’re victims reacting to a traumatic experience in an incredibly impressive way, considering that they’re still technically kids themselves. If you were to check out YouTube’s trending page on Wednesday morning, you might have been led to believe otherwise.
The No. 1 video, entitled “Confrontation Between Lifeguard, Bodysurfer Caught on Camera in Redondo Beach Goes Viral” on Wednesday morning was an old news clip of Hogg from CBS 2 Los Angeles in 2017. In the video, first spotted by Motherboard, Hogg’s friend — Hogg appears to have filmed the interaction and put it on YouTube — placed his boogie board on a trash can and proceeded to get into a fight with the lifeguard on duty. It would be harmless enough, but the video’s caption read, “DAVID HOGG THE ACTOR …” and the video’s publication date, which was earlier this week, not a year ago when this happened, indicated something much darker. The video was meant to discredit Hogg, whose initial, and eloquent, interview with CNN following the shooting quickly went viral. The user who uploaded the video, “mike m,” uploaded a different video on the same day entitled “David Hogg Can’t Remember His Lines When Interviewed for Florida School Shooting.” Later on Wednesday morning, YouTube took down the news clip, saying it violated YouTube’s “policy on harassment and bullying.” The second video about Hogg forgetting “his lines” remains live on the platform.
YouTube has been struggling in recent weeks to control its trending page. After Logan Paul posted his now-infamous “Suicide Forest” vlog — Paul discovered and filmed an apparent suicide victim hanging from a tree in Japan — the video quickly became one of YouTube’s top trending clips. Paul eventually took his video down, but then re-uploaded versions of it also started popping up on the trending page.
Update, February 21, 2018, at 11:25 a.m.: This post has been updated to reflect that YouTube deleted the trending video in question.
On Tuesday night, Twitter appears to have suspended thousands of accounts believed to be bots, as in these accounts were not real people. This, you would think, would be a good thing for a platform with a known bot problem. (Just ask the 600,000-plus people who retweeted propaganda from Kremlin-linked accounts in the months leading up to the 2016 election.) Certain loud voices on conservative Twitter, however, are not so thrilled. Instead, these users — which include Richard Spencer, Michael Flynn Jr., and Paul Joseph Watson — are claiming to have lost thousands of followers in the purge.
There’s a rumor floating around — again, in certain circles — that the accounts removed weren’t actually bots. Rather that Twitter seized the opportunity to censor conservative voices. It’s being deemed, as the hashtag goes, the #TwitterLockOut. Some users, it appears, were asked to verify their accounts to prove that they were people, not computers. If a user could verify this, their account was then brought back online. Twitter user @ThankUGOD4Trump told Gizmodo that they had to verify their account, but now if you look at @ThankUGOD4Trump’s account, you’ll see a pop-up warning that the account has been “temporarily restricted” for “unusual activity.” (You can see their tweets if you click to accept the warning.) “I’ve definitely been locked out and unfairly targeted because I’m a Trump supporter who also tweets out Bible verses,” the user told Gizmodo. “Also received that Twitter mass email 20 Jan re: Russian Influence Campaigns.” (It’s also possible the account was temporarily locked for sharing videos insinuating that the victims of the Stoneman Douglas shooting are paid actors, as noted by Gizmodo.)
Twitter says the purge was a nonpartisan move to make the platform better for all its users. “Twitter’s tools are apolitical, and we enforce our rules without political bias. As part of our ongoing work in safety, we identify suspicious account behaviors that indicate automated activity or violations of our policies around having multiple accounts, or abuse,” a spokesperson told the Verge. Twitter also said that some users may have temporarily been locked out because their accounts were not linked to a verified cell-phone number.
In the wake of last week’s Parkland high-school shooting, right-wing conspiracy theorists are pushing the ludicrous story that the teenage survivors speaking out against gun violence are “crisis actors” — dupes hired to pretend to be victims of tragedy. Earlier this morning, the top trending video on YouTube was one implying that David Hogg, one of the students pushing for legislative action on gun control, is an actor.
What does it mean, exactly, for something to be “trending”? YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter all make frequent use of the term, but none of them have a public or transparent definition — let alone a common one. When we sort through our feeds, “latest” has an obvious chronological sorting mechanism; even “popular” has a fairly clear and agreed-upon definition. “Trending,” however, does not. It’s similar, but not the same as “popular”; generally speaking, it means “popular, in some relative, technically defined way.” That is, the “trending” sections of major platforms are, as of now, algorithmically determined, their contents selected by formulas developed internally at those companies and kept private. Automated software determines what is trending, and it does so by examining the content according to a set collection of factors.
The first problem with “trending” is that it selects and highlights content with no eye toward accuracy, or quality. Automated trending systems are not equipped to make judgments; they can determine if things are being shared, but they cannot determine whether that content should be shared further. Facebook’s trending section is fully automated. A spokesperson for the company said, “To determine what goes into the Trending section, we look at the number of publishers that are posting articles on Facebook about the same topic, and the engagement around that group of articles.” Facebook used to have an editorial team that oversaw Trending Topics, a bulwark against fake news and online hoaxes, before Gizmodo reported that the editors “suppressed conservative news” in the spring of 2016. Days after Facebook switched to an entirely automated system, a false report about Megyn Kelly being fired from Fox News for supporting Hillary Clinton made it into the module.
YouTube, for instance, identifies trending videos by examining aspects like the view count, the rate of audience growth, and the age of the content. A five-hour-old video is more likely to be trending than a five-year-old video; a video that goes from 100 views to 1 million is more likely to trend (yeah, it’s a verb now) than a video that goes from 250 million views to 251 million. Other factors might be considered as well. A YouTube star with millions of subscribers and hundreds of uploads might be judged on a different acceleration rate than breaking-news footage uploaded by a guy with 19 subscribers.
Twitter, for its part, selects content via its human-curated Moments section, which informs users of popular posts on the site, both frivolous and substantive, without perpetuating hoaxes on a repeat basis. But it still has a “trending” section, with trends “determined by an algorithm and, by default, are tailored for you based on who you follow, your interests, and your location.” So, if a ton of people you follow are talking about a niche topic, it’s more likely to be presented to you as a trending topic. That means that “trending” news and events on Twitter are, unlike YouTube’s hub, unique to each user.
If we’d been smart, Twitter removing Justin Bieber from its “trending” module should’ve been the moment we all agreed to stop using “trending” as a prominent way to sort content on major social networks: If adolescents, accidentally or on purpose, could game a system, force a topic to “trend,” and attract more attention toward it, what would stop more pernicious actors? And if trending algorithms can be changed, then doesn’t the common industry refrain that algorithms are value-neutral and unbiased, unlike humans, ring false?
This is the other problem of “trending,” conceptually: It’s eminently gameable, but the platforms that use the term never make the rules clear. “Trending” is given the imprimatur of authority — videos or topics handed down from on high, scientifically determined to have trended — when really it’s a cobbled-together list of content being obsessively shared or tweeted about by people who love Justin Bieber. Or Logan Paul. Or who believe in crisis actors.
Which is why it’s worth noting that before YouTube removed the crisis-actor trending video (for “violating YouTube’s policy on harassment and bullying”) it’d been seen by more than 209,000 people in less than 24 hours. That’s a lot of people, but not quite as many as you might expect for something atop the great “trending” list. Automated trending systems perpetuate themselves by identifying content in the nascent stages of virality and telling users that “this is already being shared a lot.” But what does “a lot” even mean in the age of megaplatforms? Is 10,000 retweets a lot? Is 200,000 views a lot? The internet has screwed with our sense of scale to such an extent that 1,000 people alleging that leftists secretly carried out a school-shooting hoax using hired actors is either too many people or just a blip in a sea of billions (or, somehow, both). The “trending” designation is a worthless metric, but in the online-content economy, it somehow means everything.
When Twitter was younger and flooded with Beliebers, it had to change its trending-determining system because it usually included Justin Bieber every single time he made the news.
Back at the start of this wack millennium, a video-game developer named Hideo Kojima created Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty. To try to summarize it here would be a mistake, but it was an absurd and only semi-coherent depiction of what modern warfare would turn into — a struggle of the control and flow of information. Kojima, it turns out, was a genius at least a decade ahead of his time. This was a video game in 2002, talking about memes explicitly.
Metal Gear and its cast of characters, like Solid Snake and Colonel Roy Campbell, are gaming icons, and the series’s worldview has been validated a few times as the world continues to spin off its axis. So when Robert Mueller’s indictment came out last week, alleging that Russian nationals used the World Wide Web to spread disinformation and stoke upheaval in America, it was not difficult to look at it and say, “Oh, that’s Metal Gear,” as New York Times reporter Dave Itzkoff did.
Among the people who caught the comparison was Paul Eiding, the voice actor who portrays Colonel Campbell in Metal Gear, and as a favor to all of us, he recorded the indictment in Campbell’s voice. It really does sound like a Kojima script.
A coda to this fun internet thing: Yesterday, series publisher Konami released Metal Gear Survive, the newest game in the saga. According to the game’s end-user license agreement, players cannot “[c]ampaign for Pre-election campaign, campaign or participate in politics or other similar acts” via the software. The simulation is folding in on itself.
The AirPod has been a runaway success for Apple. And per Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, 2019 will see the second generation of the wireless earbuds hit the market. There are two big changes you can expect.
One, waterproofing — or at least improved water resistance — will be coming to the second-gen AirPods. This won’t mean that you can suddenly start swimming laps with AirPods, but will likely mean that they’ll withstand brief drops in water or rain a bit better, as well as stand up to sweat better. Electronics don’t like getting wet and they also don’t like chlorides, and when you sweat, you’re basically just pumping out water and sodium chloride. (Our bodies: not wonderlands!)
Much like the Apple Watch itself, it’s likely that the AirPod will move to a two-year upgrade cycle. As Apple’s smartphone business slows down (it made more money on smartphones last quarter, but sold fewer of them overall), things like Apple Watches and AirPods are becoming increasingly important for Cupertino.
For spec heads, the AirPods will feature Apple’s W2 chip, their own proprietary Bluetooth chip that makes pairing up AirPods (and HomePods) such a breeze. It’s the same chip you find in the latest generation of Apple Watches, and generally seems to work pretty well for long-distance pairing — though, as always, long-distance audio streaming can be tricky, particularly in crowded urban environments.
Two, no more needing to touch your AirPod to activate Siri — you can just say “Hey, Siri” and activate your AirPods. I’ve been genuinely impressed with how much better Siri has become over the last year or so, and removing the need to touch to activate is a nice step forward.
Many people agree with Jenner, who was criticizing the app’s recent redesign, which separates branded corporate channels from content that your friends post, and which some people find difficult to navigate. The widespread criticism has Wall Street investors concerned about the struggling service. Snapchat, to a fault, has never been great about explaining how to actually use its app.
Oh, Snap! (Haha.) (Get it?)
As Bloomberg notes, following Jenner’s tweet to her 24 million followers on Thursday afternoon, shares in the publicly traded company fell 7.2 percent, erasing $1.3 billion from Snap’s market value.
That can go very poorly. Sacramento’s local CBS station reported this week that the emergency dispatchers located nearby repair facilities have been flooded with emergency calls, presumably triggered from broken iPhones and Apple Watches.
Usually, nobody is on the other line, but occasionally, dispatchers hear workers in the background discussing Apple products or general repair chatter.
An honorable mention to Cameron Kasky for swapping letters in Piers Morgan’s name to drag him with incredible nuance.
Kasky also had some choice words for Bill O’Reilly.
The downside to all of these excellent tweets is that these teens — who, remember, are still coping with living through the unfathomable — are opening themselves up to attack online. Cameron Kasky has said that he’s taking time away from Facebook after receiving “graphic death threats” from “NRA cultists.” Still, they seem undeterred. Which is both good for their movement and also good for anybody with a Twitter account looking for some A-plus content.
Laura Ingraham from Fox News has been similarly scorched.
When Hayley Roettger told her friend, Karan, that she was absolutely “Vine cultured,” she never expected that he’d come back with a full-on Vine AP exam to make her prove it. Karan, however, immediately knew that he’d have to test her knowledge. “She brought up how she was a ‘Vine god,’ so I nodded my head and I knew that I was going to create a test,” Karan told Select All. Roettger’s tweet about the test quickly went viral. “It took around two hours, and my process included just the Vines I knew from the top of my head,” Karan, who calls himself a “Vine demigod” said. “Then I just searched famous Vines and watched a few of them to get inspiration to create questions.” He wasn’t sure exactly how many questions Roettger got right — the exam included 43 multiple-choice questions and several free responses — but “she got a five for sure.” Karan posted the exam on Twitter — complete with a “Karan Board” logo as a stand-in for College Board — with an answer key. We’ve laid out the questions below (reproduced as they appear on the original test), so you can test your knowledge and see if you, too, are a Vine god.
Luckily, Gates knew a way to convert the PDF to another file type so Paul could edit it. If you’re curious and want to convert a PDF to a Word doc, you can use Adobe Acrobat. Here’s how:
Haha that bird’s a total dope. Lured in by a little snack and then — bam! A very adorable choke hold. Just as it is about to feast, baby yanks the food right out of its mouth. That’s wild. No rules out here. That’s a take-no-prisoners, take-all-food baby. Get wrecked, you dumb bird.
Think of it as a metaphor. Like, you are the bird, and the food is your money, and the baby is Wall Street or Big Government. Or it’s like, the food is high self-esteem, and you are the bird, and the baby is depression. Or it’s like, the food is you, and the bird is intellectual pursuits, and the baby is another episode of Hoarders. I’m not gonna tell you how to live your life.
Agata Burdonova has been living in the United States for two months in Bellevue, Washington. Great, you might be thinking. Good for Agata; the Pacific Northwest seems like a nice place to live. Hope she likes the rain. Except, before moving to the United States, Burdonova lived in Russia, where she was reportedly a manager at the Internet Research Agency, the Kremlin-linked troll farm responsible for mucking with the 2016 election, according to Russia’s TV Rain. (Several IRA employees were named in an indictment from U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller earlier this month. Burdonova’s name was not among them.) TV Rain also reports that Burdonova denied ever working for the IRA.
We live in the age of the data breach. Within the last month, Snapchat users, customers at FedEx, and nearly 1 million lawyers in the U.K. had their passwords exposed in various data breaches. But at least one man is allowing users to check to see if their password is one that’s been unveiled.
I was horrible about passwords for the majority of my life online. I used the same variation of one password for over 15 years, starting in the mid-’90s when I began to create accounts to sign in to local BBSes, Usenet clients, and old-school AOL accounts — I put the name of a girl I had a crush on. I was no dummy — I knew her name was somewhat common and would be easy to crack if someone wanted to go after me. So I put a one (1) in front of it. Hey, presto: an uncrackable password.
It also leads to the fun pastime of checking to see if other people in your life have been hacked — all you needed was their commonly used email address to see when and how they’d been pwned. Select All editor Max Read, for instance, had his password exposed after someone used his credentials to log on to the online multiplayer game Evony, perhaps best known for its soft-core banner ads featuring women asking users to “come play, my Lord!”
Then, in 2010, Gawker got hacked. I had created a user account for the site, and used the same basic password I had been using since at least 1993. I went to a website set up to see if your email and password had been part of the 500 MB data dump, and there it was: My password was now out in the open.
By the time security researcher Troy Hunt set up the first version of the website Have I Been Pwned in late 2013, countless major websites had suffered major security breaches, including LinkedIn, Abode, and Dropbox. I quickly discovered that I had been pwned over 15 times, and started using a two-tier system for passwords — changing up strong passwords on truly vital accounts like email or banking, and just hoping that no one cared enough to take the time to unhash password for my Kickstarter account and find out that I had backed Wasteland 2.
The password long outlived the crush, which ended when she made the wise decision to date someone who didn’t (to my knowledge) spend a lot of time playing text-based MUDs with names like GemStone III. But I still kept using the password. It had become habit, and while her name was common, it felt safe enough. For the next 15 years or so, I just defaulted to using that password. When it came time to sign up for a college email account, or a bank password, or countless number of web forums, I used it. Sometimes password clients would require more out of me, so the one (1) would become an exclamation point (!), or a vowel would become a number.
Curious, I began to go back through my various passwords over the years. Most were still safe it seemed — the LinkedIn and Dropbox hacks were bad, but failed to expose the passwords I was using at the time of the data breaches. But then I came across the one I had used for 15 years, the one I can still type from pure muscle memory, and sure enough: It had been seen 1,204 times before.
While traditional media like television and radio offer political-ad rates that usually hold steady for opposing candidates, the internet faces no such regulations. As Brad Parscale, in charge of buying Facebook ads for Trump’s campaign, said on Twitter, “I bet we were 100x to 200x [less expensive that] her. We had CPMs that were pennies in some cases. This is why @realDonaldTrump was a perfect candidate for FaceBook.”
On Monday, teachers returned to the school to prepare for Wednesday when the students will officially come back to their classrooms. A rainbow was spotted over the campus as they arrived.
When the city of New Amsterdam was first established — I want to say, uh, 140 years ago — the founders decreed that the person who did “the coolest thing” was the person who got to be the mayor. With that in mind, it’s bad news for New York City mayor Bill de Blasio: There’s a new mayor.
The new mayor is this guy just chilling on the subway tracks smoking a cigarette. For many New Yorkers, even the most seasoned, hanging out on the subway tracks is a no-no. Sometimes trains come along the tracks and they can smoosh you. But not this guy.
In the video, posted by Shon Mogharabi, you can see him stub out his cigarette on the train as he’s ducked under the platform overhang. Then he gets out, throws some trash at the front window (which is very cathartic for anyone who has experienced the recent subway difficulties), and does a little jig as he evades the fire department, which sounds very surprised.
Congrats to the new mayor, Smoking Subway Guy. Long may he reign.
In May 2017, after a string of violent and viral Facebook Live videos, Mark Zuckerberg announced that the company would be doubling down on its efforts to monitor Live content. This included hiring another 3,000 contractors — on top of an existing 4,500 — to watch for things like suicide, murder, and child exploitation. Which, as it turns out, still isn’t enough people policing Facebook Live videos to keep things from slipping through the cracks. Prentis Robinson, a musician from Atlanta, was killed on Monday after being shot while filming a Facebook Live video.
It looks like iPhones will come in threes now. Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, usually a reliable source for Apple leaks, says that the maker of the world’s most popular smartphone will release three separate phones this fall: an upgraded handset that will remain the same size as the current iPhone X, an economy model that will have some of the iPhone X’s features (think: FaceID and animoji), and one with the biggest iPhone screen ever, meant to cater to the ever-growing phablet market.
To start with the biggest news first: The new phone will reportedly feature a 6.5-inch edge-to-edge diagonal screen, but will be housed in the same body as the iPhone 8 Plus. This means that the phone will feature an enormous amount of screen space, but remain the same size in the hand as an iPhone 8 Plus. If you’ve grown used to holding a Plus, you’ll be able to handle the the extra-sized X. For comparison, the Samsung Note 8 has a 6.3-inch screen, and there are many, many tablets on the market with a 7-inch screen. It may also feature the ability to house dual-SIM cards, an important consideration in the Asian and European markets where consumers may switch between carriers depending on which country they’re in.
The moves come at an interesting time for Apple. The company’s phone division is more profitable than ever, but selling fewer phones; the iPhone X missed analysts’ sales predictions by about 8 million phones. The company made up for this difference by selling phones for far higher prices. But with Apple still struggling in China, it needs to sell the sizzles while keeping the price below $1,000.
The upgraded iPhone X will remain the same size, and likely follow the same course as previous second-generation iPhones — it’ll be faster, perhaps slightly slimmer, and boast better battery life. Regardless, this fall we’ll likely see three iPhones that all feature the edge-to-edge design that made the iPhone X so striking when it debuted.
Perhaps more interesting is Apple’s decision to apparently go for the economy market. It’s done this before; the iPhone SE and the iPhone 5C were both designed with value-conscious consumers in mind. While the new phones will feature the same edge-to-edge screen seen on the iPhone X, they’ll sport cheaper LCD screens and aluminum bodies to keep costs down (both the current iPhone 8 and iPhone X use stainless steel).
Robinson was filming himself using a selfie stick and was shot four times, the New York Daily News reports. He was shot near Wingate University’s campus in North Carolina, and the school was subsequently put on lockdown. The shooter is still at large. The Facebook Live in question appears to have been taken down, but his previous videos remain live and public on his profile page.
In April 2017, a Thai man killed his baby daughter by hanging her from a building in Phuket. He streamed the murder on Facebook Live and later killed himself. (He did not broadcast his suicide.) In May of the same year, Steve Stephens shot and killed an elderly man in Cleveland after getting into a fight with his girlfriend. He also used Facebook Live to stream the murder, and later killed himself in a standoff with police. Later that month, a Tennessee man died after lighting himself on fire in a Facebook Live video. After dousing himself in gasoline and igniting himself, he ran into the bar where his ex-girlfriend worked.
How many legs does this girl have? Don’t overanalyze. Don’t stop to think too hard. Do you see two very skinny legs? Congrats … you have seen this week’s best optical illusion. (It works best if you’re viewing it on a small screen or looking at the tweet so that her sneakers are cut off from view.)
An excellent follow-up to the infamous “Six Girls, Five Sets of Legs” illusion of 2016. For the record, the girl would like to make it clear that she doesn’t have two insanely skinny legs, and also asks that you go listen to some All Time Low. Which, honestly, plugging your favorite band in the hopes that they’ll notice you via your viral fame is a pretty solid power move.
In a not-at-all melodramatic video on his YouTube channel today, the infamous — though not as infamous as his brother Logan “I Once Vlogged an Apparent Suicide Victim Hanging From a Tree” Paul — Jake Paul announced he’s taking a few days away from vlogging. Paul’s mantra is “it’s everyday, bro,” and he’s been vlogging, well, every single day, for over 500 days. In the video’s intro, Paul says he’s been asking himself what the true meaning of “it’s everyday, bro” really is. “The meaning isn’t necessarily vlogging every day, but it’s again smiling every single day, getting better every single day, coming together as a community,” Paul said.
It seems worth noting that the last time Paul took on this kind of project, he headed to Texas to help with Hurricane Harvey relief. He said he was unsure if he’d be able to vlog while in Texas — he did —and wound up being mobbed by fans in the parking lot of a Walmart until law enforcement was called in to control the scene. Also, Paul has a giant automatic rifle tattooed on his thigh. It’s decorated with the Gucci logo, a nod to a song Paul recorded with Gucci Mane. Paul reportedly paid $250,000 to Gucci Mane for his verse to appear on the track.
As for what he’ll be doing with his newfound vlog-free time, Paul says he’s “taking some time to go and help some people.” He doesn’t offer up any other details, though people on Twitter are claiming he’s in Florida to help the survivors of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, which left 17 people dead on Valentine’s Day. In the video, he appears on the balcony of an apartment — owned by the dad of Team 10 member Justin Roberts — in Miami, where Paul has previously filmed videos. (You can see the same white railing and Coke bottles displayed in this video if you need visual confirmation.) Paul also said he needs to be “100 percent focused” on helping said people in “a lot of need.”
Technology: Is it good or bad? We’re still trying to figure that out. Some say that computers are good for us because they let us send funny pictures across vast distances. Some say technology is bad because now all we care about are the funny pictures, instead of taxes or something. Both sides have a point.
“Colorful icons give our brains shiny rewards every time we unlock,” explains the Center for Humane Technology, an initiative spearheaded by former tech employees now taking stock of the monster they created. I was listening to NPR’s Morning Edition and one of the guys suggested disabling color, and it seems like it works. I hesitate to say that my phone looks uglier, but it’s certainly less captivating.
On an iPhone, you can set black-and-white mode as an accessibility shortcut. Three quick taps on the home button and you toggle the color on and off. The effect is sort of like a newspaper (a very thin book that old people read to learn the news before electricity) in that I reserve using color mode for the really important stuff, but not the normal garbage I look at every day.
One easy way of spending less time on your phone is to delete social-media apps from it. I, unfortunately, am not willing to go that far (I do not have a good justification for refusing to do this other than, “uh, I gotta keep tabs on them for my job?”), but here are five other small things that you can do to make your phone less of an enticing attention trap and more of a glass brick that you can call and text from.
When it comes to notifications, it can often feel like users get two choices: all or nothing. You can accept every notification or none of them, rendering your phone a pinging noise box that will not let you have any peace or silence and is unhelpful. The middle ground is turning off lock-screen notifications. On iOS, you can set it so that apps only show notifications after you unlock your phone (a.k.a. when you actually want to use it). Fewer interruptions, but still informative.
If having to manually log in over and over again is too easy because you have terrible security practices and reuse the same password everywhere, turn on two-factor authentication. Also called 2FA, it’s the thing where you have to punch in a rotating code, or confirm your log-in from an already authenticated device — it’s very helpful, and makes logging in just a bit more of a hassle.
Firefox Focus is a browser that resets itself every time you open it. So, if you find yourself logging into social-media accounts in your browser despite having deleted the app, Focus will automatically log you out after you’re finished and clear cookies, even if you forget to do so manually. Incidentally, this helps stop trackers from following you around the web. As an added bonus, you’ll never have to deal with the embarrassment of handing your phone to someone, only to have them accidentally pull up your most recent Google search. DuckDuckGo’s mobile app is similarly privacy focused, and has a one-tap button for clearing the browser entirely.
The good news is that two-factor has become prominent enough that a lot of apps are starting to offer it. Even if your account isn’t important enough to you to secure it with 2FA, the security measure has the added benefit of helping to keep you locked out.
Still, a new movement is arising, led by the people who think personal computers and smartphones are turning our brains into Swiss cheese — a movement to get us the hell off of our phones. Escaping technology entirely at this point is a luxury. It’s pretty much impossible to divest yourself entirely from Google and Facebook and Amazon and Apple and Microsoft. These companies and many others have built their software and hardware in ways that encourage users to check in constantly — bright lights, fun sounds, whimsical interfaces, constant notifications. Moderation is not the name of the game.
Biometric authentication, like fingerprint and facial scanning, have made it easier than ever to unlock your phone without really doing anything. That’s not great, and it’s not even that secure! Sure, Apple says Face ID log-ins are one in a million, but if you have a six-character password composed of the 62 alphanumeric symbols, your password is 1 in 56,800,235,584. Better odds, and it’ll make your phone more difficult to unlock on a whim.
The App Store is littered with the ghosts of “It” apps past. Ello. Peach. Sarahah. This week, there’s a new contender on the block: Vero. Launched in 2015, Vero is blowing up right now. Why, you ask? Great question.
Vero is a little bit Facebook, but without the ads. It’s a little bit Instagram, but without the algorithm. It’s a little bit YouTube, but without the Paul Brothers. And it’s a little bit Twitter, but without the Nazis. (Though just give it some time on that last one.) You can share pictures, text, videos, and pretty much any other content your heart desires. Vero touts itself as an “authentic” social-media platform. The name, Vero, means truth in Esperanto.
But you can minimize how much time you spend staring at your screen — Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is particularly focused on “time well spent,” the buzzy tech-industry term for “maybe you’ll use social media less, but like it more” — without throwing it out entirely. How? Make it a pain in the ass to use.
Sadly, there’s no satisfying answer. Most likely, it’s some combination of everybody getting fed up with Instagram’s annoying algorithmically sorted feed, and network effects (one person converts a bunch of friends who also have a bunch of friends). But beyond that? Blame global warming! Blame the unending winter! Blame El Niño! Who knows! But downloads are up significantly according to App Annie, and it’s currently the No. 1 free download in the Apple App Store.
For starters, there are no ads. (Though, once upon a time, that was Facebook’s deal, too.) Users are given four labels — acquaintance, friend, close friend, and follower — that they can assign to people they connect with on the platform. Each time a user shares a post, they can decide how big of an audience — like just “close friends” — they want to see said post. And, unlike Instagram, there’s no algorithm. You see things in chronological order, meaning if you want to see everything posted since the last time you logged on, you’ll just scroll back until the content looks familiar.
Maybe. You have to provide a name, email address, and cell-phone number to join. The name can be fake, though the cell-phone number must be real so that you can confirm your account. “Although we don’t force people to use their real names, we encourage people to present themselves as they do in real life,” Vero explains in its manifesto. That should be a little worrisome to anybody who has ever been impersonated online. (Impersonating another person is technically prohibited under Vero’s TOS, but still.) Vero says it will never share your email address or phone number, and that the only data it collects has to do with metrics to track “the number of visits to Vero and the general health of the platform.” If you want more details on Vero’s Terms and Conditions, we’ve got an explainer here.
If your friends are early adopter types (read: teenagers) or tech journalists … probably. If your friends aren’t … probably not. Vero’s still in pretty early stages.
Not yet. It’s free to download Vero and make an account. That will change in the future, CNBC reported back in 2017. The app — which is ad-free — plans to charge users a subscription fee of “a few dollars.” If you are among the first million people to join the platform, it will always be free for you. Though that comment from Vero co-founder Ayman Hariri is a year old, so it could still be a while before Vero is out of beta and coming for your credit card.
Vero’s sudden surge in popularity has been too much for the app to handle, causing many users to report issues. The platform’s Twitter account is basically a customer-service hotline devoted to apologizing for these problems while Vero works to catch up with demand. (I spent several hours this morning trying to log on to no avail, and got a lot of “Hold Tight” and “Please Try Again Later” notifications.) Which they should probably do soon if they don’t want people to jump ship before the good ship Vero ever has a chance to set sail.
On, iOS go to “Settings > General > Accessibility > Display Accommodations > Color Filter,” and then enable it and check Grayscale. On Android, it looks like you need to enable developer mode.
In the iOS “Notifications” menu, you’ll have to go into each app and toggle the “Show on lock screen” switch. The same applies for Android.
As Tim Wu wrote last week, “[T]he battle for convenience is the battle for industry dominance.” Make your phone inconvenient. Inconvenience makes you ask, “Do I really want this? Do I really need to refresh Instagram right now?” The answer is almost always no. If you’ve some time to kill, sure, but if diddling on your phone is superseding other stuff you should be doing, well, that’s a problem.
Thanks to reporting by Forbes writer Thomas Fox-Brewster, it now looks like the U.S. government has been able to access the data on every model of iPhone in existence since at least November of 2017.
Cellebrite quietly advertises its own capabilities in this PDF file, writing that it can break the security of all “Apple iOS devices and operating systems, including iPhone, iPad, iPad mini, iPad Pro and iPod touch, running iOS 5 to iOS 11.” This would, of course, include the iPhone 8 and the iPhone X.
Fox-Brewster writes about the Israeli-based security firm Cellebrite. In a warrant obtained by Forbes, Fox-Brewster found that November of last year, the U.S. government sent an iPhone X in the possession of a suspected arms dealer to Cellebrite in order for the company to extract information from it.
Apple and the U.S. government have a long history of wrangling over the privacy of iPhones. The FBI famously demanded that Apple unlock the iPhone of man who went on a shooting rampage in San Bernardino, California, with Apple successfully fighting off the legal challenge. It was later confirmed that the FBI simply paid $900,000 to have a security firm unlock the phone. Cellebrite, by comparison, is a relative bargain — it charges only $1,500 per phone.
In other words, if you think your phone might be seized by federal authorities — or you’re just the sort of person who enjoys pretending that you’re in the movie Sneakers — set up an alphanumeric password.
To elaborate a bit on Schneier’s comments, Cellebrite’s secret may simply be that it allows for brute-force attempts on iPhones. If I grab your iPhone out in the wild and attempt every possible six-digit PIN — in other words, the exactly 1 million possible combination of numbers you could use — your iPhone will lock itself down after ten failed attempts (and, depending on your security settings, erase itself). If Cellebrite has found a way to bypass that lockdown mechanism, unlocking an iPhone with a six-digit PIN via automated methods is relatively trivial. But your six-digit PIN isn’t the only way to protect your iPhone — you can always choose to set a custom alphanumeric code.
And things get exponentially harder when you start allowing for numbers and letters and special characters to be used: While there are 1 million combinations if you allow for a number-only six-digit PIN, there are over 735 billion possible combinations if you use a six-digit alphanumeric code. And Apple’s alphanumeric codes don’t need to be only six digits. Create an eight-digit alphanumeric password, and you’ve got a 6.63 quadrillion possible passwords. Even simply using a long lowercase phrase with dashes that’s easy to remember, like, say, “water-plants-daily-or-they-die” would be a 30-digit password, with each digit having 27 possible combinations. Doing the math, 27 to the 30th power is about 8.72 tredecillion possible combinations. A tredecillion is a one followed by 42 zeroes. That’s a lot of possible combinations, a number so high, it would be impossible for anyone, man or machine, to crack manually. (Assuming you entered one password by hand every second, you’d start to home in on the answer near the eventual heat death of the universe.)
It should be said that the process isn’t as simple as Cellebrite running some code on your phone. Instead, clients ship phones to the company, where it uses its proprietary methods to unlock the iOS device in question. (If Cellebrite released its exploit as a software solution — assuming it is a software solution — Apple could quickly move to counteract whatever method Cellebrite is using.)
Security expert Bruce Schneier adds a few caveats to Fox-Brewster’s reporting:
Here’s a question for you. Would you exchange photos of your naked body for a puppy? It is, if this matters to you, a very cute puppy — a husky with white fur, blue eyes, and giant paws.
The teenage survivors of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting have proven, over and over, that they’re very adept at Twitter. They are, after all, teens. Previous dragging targets have included Donald Trump, Tomi Lahren, Marco Rubio, and the NRA at large. Today, survivor David Hogg added Alex Jones to the list. Jones has since claimed that Hogg is “bullying him,” the latest in their ongoing, online saga.
Hogg responded on his own Twitter saying that he wouldn’t be appearing on Infowars. He explained that when he tweeted his original offer to “clear some of this up” his wasn’t aware “just how awful so many people have been to victims and witnesses of these events [shootings] in the past.” “So many people,” clearly, was meant to include Jones.
Hogg did not reply to any of Jones’s tweets. On Tuesday, Jones posted a video on Twitter, inviting Hogg, once again, to come on his show. “Do you support the First Amendment,” Jones says in the video. “I know you don’t support the Second Amendment.”
The beef between Hogg and Jones started after Jones’s Infowars YouTube channel received a disciplinary strike over the weekend — three and you’re out — for a video he’d posted portraying Hogg as a “crisis actor.” (Last week, a different video insinuating that Hogg was a paid actor and not a shooting survivor was the No. 1 trending video on YouTube before it was taken down for violating the platform’s terms of service.) Hogg tweeted that Jones was “really confused” about him and offered to come on his show to help clarify a few things to the “shit journalist.”
Jones replied with a string of tweets, saying he’d like to take Hogg up on the offer. “I would love to have you on today to clear up some of the disinformation that has been put out about my statements concerning the tragedy,” Jones tweeted. “I notice you’re calling me a ‘shit journalist’ and ‘snake oil’ salesman when I have never called you any disparaging names.” He also said that he was never sued by any survivors of previous school shootings. (Families from Sandy Hook sent a legal warning to NBC prior to its airing of an interview with Jones and Megyn Kelly in 2017. Jones called the Sandy Hook shooting “completely fake with actors” in 2015.)
Which brings us back to Jones saying that Hogg is “bullying” him. And scene!
Back in June 2017, Uber — hot on unending a streak of the world’s worst press — announced it was hiring Frances Frei of Harvard Business School as the company’s first SVP of leadership and strategy. In other words, that they were bringing in a professional to make Uber a more professional workplace. Today, Frei announced she’ll be leaving Uber. “When I got here, my goal was to train and teach executives how to manage better, but it became super apparent that the training needed to go way beyond that,” Frei told Recode. “As soon as the executive team was calmer, I turned my attention to 3,000 managers whose jobs grew well beyond their skills, which I think was the real work.”
During her tenure, founder Travis Kalanick stepped down from his role as CEO and was replaced by former Expedia CEO Dara Khosrowshahi. “I think with Dara leading, a lot of our biggest challenges are in the rearview mirror,” Frei also told Recode. She’ll stay on in an advisory capacity, a role which she held prior to coming on full-time — and commuting between Cambridge and San Francisco — as an SVP. According to a memo sent to Uber employees by Khosrowshahi this week, Frei is off to design “another first-of-its-kind executive education program” before resuming her role teaching at Harvard.
The problem here is mostly one of diction. “Irrevocable!” “Royalty-free!” It sounds like you’re losing ownership of your photos and videos (and money, to boot). A couple of questions here. Do you use Twitter? Well, then you agreed to a nearly identical license. How about Facebook? Same deal there, too.
What you’re really giving platforms like Vero or Twitter when you agree to a [insert terrifying number of adjectives here] license is the right to show your content to other users, and to let those users share your content with other users, and so on. Basically, you’re agreeing that Twitter is allowed to show the photos and videos and text you upload — over which you retain intellectual property rights — to other people on the service. Twitter puts this more cleanly in its TOS: “This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same.” Facebook’s TOS also walks users through this in greater detail, noting the license expires if you delete your content. (Vero could really save itself a whole lot of headache with a few bullet points in real-human speak.) If you didn’t agree to this, you’d basically be posting your content for you and only you. Which really limits your potential of going viral or connecting with your actual friends, if you’re into that sort of thing.
So, really, Vero is no more and no less safe than all the other social media platforms you’re already using and considering replacing with Vero. But if you want something to be worried about regarding the new app, consider Vero co-founder and CEO Ayman Hariri’s ties to shady business practices in Saudi Arabia. Hariri’s family business, the now-defunct Saudi Oger, was sued by 31,000 of its employees who hadn’t been paid and were forced to live in labor camps without basic necessities like food and water. (The Saudi government eventually had to step in and Saudi Oger was later forced to pay its workers.) That’s where the money funding Vero — at least some of it — came from: a business that didn’t pay its workers and forced them to live in inhumane conditions without access to medical care. If you want a good reason not to use Vero, that’s certainly better than its generic terms of service.
Vero, an app that is advertising itself as an “authentic” social media platform, is having something of a moment right now. Launched in 2015, the app got a huge boost over the weekend — maybe because enough people finally got fed up with Instagram’s algorithm and wanted to test Vero’s chronologically sorted, ad-free waters — and is currently sitting in the top spot in the Apple app store.
But when an app comes out of nowhere and gets popular, it’s always a good time to take a closer look at its fine print — and Vero has a particular section about copyright and license that’s made new users very nervous. To use the app you have to grant Vero:
Scary, right? The paragraph makes it sound like you’re giving over everything you post on Vero to Vero, and you no longer own it. Don’t worry. The bottom line is this: Vero’s terms of service are boilerplate for all social media apps, and you don’t need to worry that you’re signing over unlimited rights to your photos to the company. Let me try to explain.
It’s time to talk about the big controversy that’s got everybody buzzing online. That’s right, I’m talking about the viral fervor over Facebook CPM rates in the 2016 presidential election, baby! [loud klaxon noise, followed by a steam-train whistle, followed by tons of fireworks]
This got a lot of attention, because, well, the takeaway is that Facebook’s automated ad-buying platform is engineered to favor (outrageous, sensationalist, polarizing) ads like those shared by the Trump campaign, rather than those (vague, anodyne, platitudinal) ads posted by the Clinton campaign. Think “Crooked Hillary Wants to Put Criminal Aliens in Your House” versus “America Is Already Great.” While the broad mechanisms of Facebook advertising have been public since the beginning, people who aren’t in the advertising business haven’t always been paying close attention. Until now.
Jennifer Palmieri, the Clinton communications director, weighed in succinctly:
García Martínez’s article got an extra bump thanks to an endorsement from Brad Parscale, who ran Trump’s Facebook-ad-buying operation in 2016 and is set to run Trump’s entire 2020 campaign. Dollar for dollar, he said, the Trump campaign reached many more people than Clinton.
To explain what they’re talking about: Showing an ad to a user is an “impression.” The amount a publisher charges (or an advertiser pays) for 1,000 impressions is known as “CPM” or “cost per mille.” It’s one of the standard ways of measuring advertising costs online.
So did Facebook actually charge the Trump campaign less? There are two things worth noting here: The first is that Parscale and Palmieri probably don’t know what each other was being charged on Facebook — and, further, Parscale and Palmieri both benefit from the narrative that Trump was undercharged and Clinton over-. (Parscale can claim to be a digital-campaign Facebook genius, and Palmieri can claim that the Clinton campaign was screwed over by Facebook.)
If, somehow, this blog post has not put you into an indefinite coma (CPM rates! programmatic ad auctions! the 2016 election!) then you’ll be happy to know the situation got even muddier yesterday afternoon, when Facebook executive Andrew Bosworth shared this chart, which — he says — shows Clinton’s CPM rate was lower than Trump’s.
Finally, there’s a complicating factor here, which is that, in addition to the viewers you’re paying Facebook to reach (known as “paid reach”), users might also share the ads on their own to other users (“organic reach,” for which you pay nothing). On Facebook, you could talk about your actual CPM — the amount Facebook charges you to put an ad in front of 1,000 people — and your effective CPM — the amount you’re paying to actually reach 1,000 people. Effective CPM is necessarily lower: If an ad you paid to place in front of 1,000 users for $10 is shared with another thousand users, you’ve actually reached 2,000 users for that $10. Your effective CPM is $5.
“How???” asked all three people reading this blog post. “How could the rate be lower?”
Well. One problem here is that everyone is being a bit cagey about exactly what they’re talking about. Effective CPMs or actual CPMs? Paid reach or organic reach? Bloomberg’s Sarah Frier confirmed that Bosworth’s chart referred to paid reach only — is that what Parscale and Pamieri were referring to as well? And, what if I told you [jazz hands] there are two types of ad campaigns? In a thread on Twitter yesterday, García Martínez explained the difference between a direct-response campaign and a brand campaign.
Direct-response tries to get the recipient to take action by targeting a custom audience (buy a product, or, in Trump’s case, donate), which Facebook can do with pinpoint accuracy. A brand campaign, such as the type Clinton generally ran, is broader. Direct-response ads, because of their more precise targeting, usually have a higher CPM, so comparing CPMs for a direct-response campaign against CPMs for a brand campaign doesn’t necessarily tell us much about which campaign was favored by Facebook’s auction structure.
All of which leaves us more or less back where we started: Baffled. (To muddy it further: A couple of days ago, the Verge reported — via a single source, so take it with a grain of salt — “that Trump’s effective CPM averaged $0.06, compared with $1.06 for Clinton.”) What we have, ultimately, is a situation in which the metrics can be stretched and twisted and presented however you’d like. Obviously, in some sense, based on some comparison, among some demographics, Bosworth has shown that Facebook didn’t charge Clinton more. But we don’t know exactly what that comparison was, and whether or not it contradicts Palmieri, Parscale, or Garcia-Martinez’s stories.
One thing to note, though, is that Facebook has expressed a willingness to release more complete data so long as the Trump and Clinton campaigns agree to that. This seems like a good idea. Or, at least, a better one than having this discussion via cryptic tweets and vague charts.
Over the weekend, former Facebook product manager Antonio García Martínez wrote a for-dummies explainer on wired.com about how Facebook’s automated ad auctions (in which advertisers bid for Facebook ad space in front of specific groups of users) work. Here’s the relevant bit:
The second thing worth noting that while García Martínez was asserting that Trump got a bigger bang for his buck on Facebook because his ads effectively mimicked the sorts of “provocative” content that perform well on Facebook (I’m trying not to write “clickbait,” but it’s the same genus), he didn’t himself claim, as Parscale and Palmieri did, that Trump’s CPM was lower.
Maybe Clinton was better at buying ads, because she had a lower CPM, or maybe Trump was better at buying ads because his effective CPM was lower and also he’s now the president. Maybe Facebook isn’t at fault and the users sharing the ads are responsible; maybe Facebook is ultimately responsible for creating a media ecosystem that allows someone like Trump to suck up attention. Maybe it’s cable news’ fault. Maybe nobody is at fault and that’s just how democracy works.
Sorry, but we’re amused.
In just 12 words, Lloyd — who says she was class of 2017, though she tweeted a photo of the yearbook this week — managed to both mourn the loss of beloved internet community Club Penguin and brutally own her parents.
Senior-yearbook quotes usually fall into a couple of categories. There’s groan-inducing — as in anything from Dave Matthews Band, “Celebrate we will because life is short but sweet for certain.” Groan-inducing, only this time with even louder groans, “It’s not the number of breaths we take, but the number of moments that take our breath away.” But every so often, some very good teen comes up with something so novel and so genius, it makes us hopeful for the future of humanity. Allison Lloyd is one such teen.
American slopestyle skier Gus Kenworthy made a lot of headlines during the Pyeongchang Olympics. There was that whole being an Olympian thing. (Kenworthy ultimately finished seventh, a bit of a letdown after a silver-medal performance at the Sochi Games.) There was that whole being an out Olympian thing. Then there was the kiss seen round the world — NBC broadcast a kiss between Kenworthy and his boyfriend following one of his runs. Now, the Olympian is asking YouTube to get better at moderating comments for hate speech, after tweeting a selection of the nasty comments he says he frequently sees on his videos on the platform.
If you’re a YouTuber and you want to make sure that you don’t ever see specific words or phrases in your comments — like “faggot” or “kill yourself” — you just have to add them to a block list. (Instagram introduced a similar feature in July 2016, which likely made it that much easier for Taylor Swift to keep all those snakes off her photos.) YouTube has taken a lot of flak lately for not being in control of its platform in terms of content. Last week, the No. 1 trending video on the platform was a clip promoting a conspiracy theory that one of the teenage survivors of the Stoneman Douglas shooting was a paid “crisis actor.” Properly fixing its comment moderation, not just asking creators to take on the task of constantly updating a list of nasty terms they’d rather not read, is just another item somewhere on a very long list.
YouTube apologized on Twitter and said it’s trying, more broadly, to correct the issue. “We’re actively working to fix this so you won’t see or be notified of abusive comments and exploring more ways to protect people from abusive comments overall.” Kenworthy thanked the company and suggested keyword filters. Which isn’t a bad idea, though YouTube technically already has said feature.
Twitter’s still got Nazis — though it does have a significantly fewer number of bots after a successful purge earlier this month — and a whole other bunch of issues it’s working on fixing, but amid all that it’s also introducing a new feature today: the bookmark. It’s like how Instagram lets you save posts that you might want to look at later. Or how you open 19 tabs on your computer of things you promise yourself you’ll get around to reading. (Or promise you will until you open so many that your browser crashes and you don’t bother to reopen them.) Twitter bookmarks will let you save tweets — maybe something with an attached video or long read — that you don’t have time for right at that minute. To bookmark a tweet, you’ll have to tap the new “Share” icon you see under tweets. (The button also has options for sending those tweets via DM, email, or text._
If you’re a Twitter diehard, this feature might sound familiar to you. The company has been talking about it since October 2017. Your list of bookmarked tweets will be private. Which is good news if you, like Ted Cruz, enjoy watching porn on Twitter.
Earlier on Wednesday, Dick’s Sporting Goods announced that it would be making some major changes to its firearm business model. The company will no longer sell “assault-style rifles” — the company had previously pulled these guns from stores after Sandy Hook, but still sold them at its Field & Stream stores — and you’ll have to be older than 21 to purchase the firearms they still sell. Dick’s is also nixing sales of “high capacity magazines” and promises to continue not selling bump stocks, a mechanism that helps a gun fire faster. On Twitter, the announcement is going over well. So well, in fact, plenty of people have been moved to tweet about just how much they love Dicks. Sorry, Dick’s. The apostrophe is very important.
Dick’s! The people love Dick’s!
Earlier on Wednesday, an armed teacher, Jesse Randall Davidson, reportedly fired several shots after barricading himself in a classroom at Dalton High School in Georgia. Fortunately, nobody was injured, according to local police, but students were still evacuated from the campus. One student, junior Chondi Chastain, detailed the evacuation in a tweet directed at the NRA. “I dare you to tell me arming teachers will make us safe,” Chastain tweeted.
If only there had been another teacher with a gun, in the room with the teacher with the gun. That would definitely have deescalated the situation.
She told the New York Daily News that Davidson, who teaches social studies, was her favorite teacher. “He was really funny and always made jokes about random things. He always talked about how he disagreed with Donald Trump. I didn’t expect him to do anything like this, it’s completely out of character,” she said. She also noted that he’d vocally disagreed with Trump’s suggestion that teachers should be armed in the classroom to keep students safe. Chastain, like the survivors of the Stoneman Douglas shooting, also has no tolerance for Twitter trolls. “Anyone that believes this isnt being staged to develop a talking point lives in lala land,” tweeted one user whom she quote-tweeted.
For years, tech companies have been among America’s most well-regarded businesses — even as they’ve grown far beyond their startup origins in size, wealth, and power. But over the last four months, according to a new survey from Axios and SurveyMonkey, there’s been a sea change in how likely people across the political spectrum are to be concerned that the U.S. government won’t do enough to regulate U.S. technology companies.
The survey compared results from November 2 and 3 of last year, and February 23 and 24 of this year. Overall, respondents nearly flipped on which was more concerning, whether “the government will go too far in restricting how U.S. technology companies operate” or whether “the government will not do enough to regulate how U.S. technology companies operate.” In November, 40 percent of total respondents said they worried the government wouldn’t do enough, while 57 percent said the government would do too much. Now, 55 percent are worried the government won’t do enough, while 39 percent are more concerned the government will do too much.
Sentiment has also turned sharply against social media, with 55 percent of respondents saying social media hurts “free speech and democracy” and only 42 percent saying it helps. In November, 53 believed social media helped, while 43 percent believed it hurt.
These are big jumps in numbers on big issues in a relatively short amount of time. It’s not all bleak news for technology firms — 71 percent of respondents still say technology overall has a “positive” role in society, and 82 percent believe that the financial success of U.S. technology firms has been good for the economy. And 57 percent believe that in ten years technology would make life better for them and their families.
But there are still undercurrents of worry. Fifty-five percent of respondents believe that in ten years technology would take away more jobs than it creates, and those numbers were consistent across every age group and across the political spectrum. Reading the tea leaves, respondents seem to see a future where they and their families benefit from technology, but society (or at least the labor market) suffers.
You can blame this shift in perspective on myriad things. Press coverage of tech companies, once nearly generally glowing, is now much more skeptical. Witness Wired’s turn from December 2016’s “Could Facebook Save Your Life?” cover to this month’s cover photo of a physically beaten Mark Zuckerberg, or The New York Times Magazine’s most recent cover story, “The Case Against Google.” (And, of course, New York’s own coverage.)
And there is, of course, the worry that tech platforms like Facebook and Twitter allowed for Russians to influence the U.S. election. Or, more generally, concern about the rapid rise of outlets using social media and online media platforms to spread fake news for profit or ideological purposes.
What are some of your policy positions?
So you like Chapo? How did you start listening to that?
When did you decide to run?
A long time ago, I used to read Something Awful’s old comedy politics forum, Laissez’s Faire, and so the combination of leftist politics with crude internet humor has always appealed to me; it’s been the foundation of a lot of how I think about politics. So I gave [Chapo] a shot.
I actually filed to run on December 11, which was the last day to file — I think I made the decision at 2 a.m. the night before. At the time it was still when Roy Moore was campaigning in Alabama, right? So I was really mad about that and thinking about how a literal pedophile shouldn’t be able to succeed to the level that he did in any election, ever. Then I was listening to an episode of Chapo Trap House, the podcast, and I was like, “Fuck it, I’ll run.”
Right now, my campaign is largely focused on three issues. The first issue is basically making Texas the country’s second sanctuary state: Basically, I don’t think that taking people from their homes and sending them to camps or other countries is ethical or moral. I think it’s a crime against humanity. I need that to stop as quickly as possible. In addition to that, I also want to do things that can help make life easier for undocumented immigrants in our state. Just having a policy of sanctuary cities and ignoring our undocumented-immigrant population isn’t a very good fix, and there are still a lot of abuses they could face from ICE or the federal government, so I support a bunch of policies involving things like offering driver’s licenses or the ability to get insurance.
The second one is legalizing weed, medically, for everybody, as well as clearing the record of anybody who has weed-related crimes on the books, and letting people who are currently in jail or prison for weed charges out. Basically just retconning the whole set. It’d be cool if we could get Texas, the state, to be the actual organization that grows and sells marijuana. In the places where it’s currently legal, [weed farming] is run by private businesses and then the state adds a lot of taxes on top of it, which raises the price a lot. It’d be more effective if the actual state of Texas operated that business, so we wouldn’t have to raise taxes. It’d be great for Texas to be the country’s No. 1 producer of weed.
The third one is raising taxes. There’s three taxes that I think need to be raised quickly. The first is the state franchise tax. Right now, it’s relatively low because of our state’s tax revenue. The second would be our oil and gas production tax. Oil and gas production makes up almost 15 percent of our state’s GDP, but only makes up like 2 percent of our state’s tax revenue, which seems kind of weird to me. And then, with the new Trump tax plan, the limit for when people start paying the estate tax is doubled, I would institute a state-level estate tax that would apply to all of the estates that would have been taxable under the old plan. It would just cover the things that had been left out of our new tax plan.
Online marketing is really fun and surprisingly cheap. I still enjoy making things and sharing them and posting them. I haven’t done a whole lot of new stuff lately, but I think it’s really the way to go if you don’t have a lot of money. I don’t have a big campaign fund; I can’t make weird brochures and big signs to put in everybody’s yard in my neighborhood. Going digital has been pretty cost-effective.
Are you buying Facebook ads?
Now I get to ask you about the meme stuff. What is your online marketing, or campaign, strategy?
Yeah, I’m targeting people based off of shared interests. There’s also access to the Voter Activation Network, which is a database of people who have voted in Democratic primaries in the past. I can plug that into Facebook and it’ll just send my ads to those people, who would likely be voters in the Democratic primary that’s coming up.
Do you find Facebook’s ad system easy to use?
How big is your campaign staff?
I am my only campaign staffer. I can’t afford to pay anyone else, and I won’t take volunteers because I can’t afford to pay them, and I don’t want unpaid labor.
Remarkably easy. I don’t understand why anybody would have to pay anyone else to do it for them. It’s literally you just press two buttons.
I remember in 2016 that some Gary Johnson Super-PAC claimed to have spent $30,000 on internet memes. Do you think that’s a lot or a little?
Since they’re all homegrown, it’s basically free. I’ve put maybe $100 to $200 into advertising online, but that’s not been too much. And I don’t have to pay anyone to make them for me. That’s stupid.
Are you worried that people won’t get them, or people who aren’t well-versed in online stuff might just find it weird?
I mean, my grandma gets it, my parents get it. Everybody I’ve ever met has gotten it, even people who I normally wouldn’t expect to. It definitely turns a couple of people off — that’s for sure — but I’ve found that the overwhelming majority of people respond really positively to it. They think that it’s funny, they think that it’s interesting, it’s something that they’ve not seen from a politician before, and so it’s a little bit of a breath of fresh air for them. I’ve been trying to think of a way to do the “he protec, he attac,” but I just can’t think of anything related to me that would end with “ec.” That’s probably just gonna go in the dumpster eventually.
How confident are you feeling about the primary?
Before I started posting these kinds of things, I talked to a couple people about it who said it would make me look too ridiculous, or it’s too far out there. And my response has sort of been that the kinds of policies that I’m advocating for, at least for the state of Texas, are pretty far out there to the left. They are not quite … normal things. No matter what I do, I am going to be considered some kind of crazy communist or some kind of total freak, or an insane idiot child who can’t do anything. You don’t have to be a private investigator to find out that I don’t have a college degree, I don’t have a career, I don’t have a lot of the background stuff. All of those things are attack ads that basically write themselves. Leaning into them has been my strategy for handling that once I get to the general election.
I don’t have any polling, so I don’t have any data to base a prediction off of, so I’m not even going to. I’m going into it confident. I have to be confident, otherwise there’s basically not a point. I’ll lose my mind. I wouldn’t guess the outcome.
Right now, since it’s the primary, the potential for funny jokes is a little bit weak because I don’t want to attack my primary opponent. She’s very nice. But if I make it through this primary, that’s when the real heat can come out. I’m excited to run against him [Republican Tan Parker]; I’m excited to see if this strategy can be effective in a general election. And honestly, it’s made running a lot of fun, I’ve enjoyed myself. I love talking to people; I seriously do care about politics. It’s not like a stupid joke only.
You sound sincere! But I’m also looking at your ActBlue campaign, which says, “donating money to my campaign is a BAD IDEA and i honestly DO NOT RECOMMEND IT,” and trying to raise $69,000.
Yeah, I made that ActBlue page specifically for people on the Something Awful forums because they kept asking to donate.
Are you worried that people might think this is all a joke or a put-on?
The estimate from the state of Texas is 176,777.
If you eventually get this seat, how many people would you represent?
No, every time I’ve talked to somebody, and if anybody actually visits my Facebook page, it becomes obvious really quickly that there’s a lot of policy issues that are important to me. And that I have an actual specific plan. I understand the trepidation that somebody might have, just looking at maybe a picture that was shared on Twitter, but once I get a chance to communicate with them, I put those worries to rest pretty easily. I’m not going around trolling.
Does that number make you nervous at all?
I don’t see why it would.
Are there any YouTubers you like?
Oh, there’s a lot of great YouTubers I like! If you want to know specifically political ones, there’s stuff like ContraPoints, Shaun and Jen (I think he just goes by Shaun now), and H.Bomberguy — [they] are all great people creating political content from the left, and trying to fight the sort of very strong, ultra-right-wing, super-racist Nazis that have been festering on YouTube for a long time. Those are all three great channels.
It’s a lot of people, I think, by any stretch.
Logan Paul got a million subscribers and he wasn’t even posting videos for a month. That’s like one-fifth of that. I do want to be clear: Fuck Logan Paul, though, that dude’s a real piece of shit. I’ve just watched a lot of videos of him lately, so he’s on my mind.
Is there anything I didn’t ask you about that you wanted to plug or mention?
These are organizations that I’m completely not associated with, but North Texas Dream Team and Equality Texas are two solid political organizations in our state that are really active and do a lot of political work, so I have a lot of respect for them. I recently got a shout-out from Matt Bruenig; I like his thing, the People’s Policy Project. And shout-out to my dad.
It’s not particularly tough to write off Wolf’s candidacy. The Dallas Morning News offered no recommendation in the Democratic primary that he’s on the ballot for, writing: “We suspect residents in this district would prefer somebody with a bit of life experience who can complete a questionnaire without resorting to profanities or boasts that he ‘will be the best legislator of all time.’” (His primary opponent declined to answer the paper’s questions, the Republican incumbent is running unopposed.) But that same questionnaire is also filled with earnest, serious policy positions, all stemming from the leftist politics Wolf picked up online. That same sensibility is applied to his campaign — serious policy positions presented via internet memes and online discourse. The primary is next week, and Wolf took a few minutes out of his schedule to explain his campaign strategy, and his plan to reform the Lone Star state.
Alyson: Well, it started off with him posting on Snapchat that he was selling puppies. I told him that I wanted one and asked how much they were. He said they were $300, and I said, “Whoa, I can’t pay that, that’s too much. Can you just give it to me?” He said, “Maybe payments of nudes?” And I said, “I’m down.” He tried to play it off like if it wasn’t him and said, “Oh, that wasn’t me, that was my friend … but you’re really down?” That’s basically how it happened.
Okay, how did this start? Which one of you was texting with the guy who told you he’d trade you a puppy for some nudes?
Alyson: I was. I met him in high school.
Can you walk me through how the conversation turned to him asking you for nudes in exchange for a puppy?
So the guy jokingly, but also seriously, said he’d take nudes for the dog. Is that when you texted the roommate group thread?
Alyson: Maria said she had nudes from another girl, so I wouldn’t have to send my own. She asked the girl she had the nudes from if we could use them, and she let us use them.
What was her reaction, that’s a pretty bold and kind thing for her to let you guys do? Also, what were you doing with her nudes in the first place?
Maria: I texted her beforehand and she was cool about it and said to go for it. She thought it was hilarious. We’re pretty good friends and are comfortable with each other, so she sent them to me before all this to help her choose the best ones for her boyfriend. That’s what friends are for!
I love that. So you sent them to the dude. Was he surprised that you actually came through?
Alyson: He was more impressed than surprised, and he believed it was me since she and I have the same skin tone. I don’t even know if he knows [that they weren’t mine] since he doesn’t have a Twitter.
And then he gave you the puppy?
Courtaney: They had to drive three hours to get it!
Wait the dude did or you ladies did? Was the puppy back in your hometown, Aly?
Alyson: Yeah, we had to go back to my hometown. It was a pretty awkward conversation when we got there; we tried not to stay too long.
Understandable. Now that you have the puppy, how are you guys splitting responsibilities? Also, what did you name him?
Courtaney: Technically, it’s Alyson’s dog and she’s bringing him home for summer. We couldn’t decide on a name … I’m from Alaska and the Iditarod is a really big deal there, so I proposed Balto and we thought it was cute and fitting.
Obviously, this whole thing has BLOWN up on Twitter. What has the reaction been like from people?
Courtaney: It’s been kind of crazy. A lot of people have thought it was hilarious, but others have been pretty pissed off ‘cause they didn’t read the thread where I screenshotted Maria’s tweet about consent, so I’ve gotten a lot of mean DMs. We definitely didn’t think it was going to get this big. I had never had more than, like, 2,000 favorites, so when I woke up with, like, 50,000, I was pretty shocked.
And the dude is still none the wiser, right?
Alyson: I don’t think he knows; he hasn’t told me anything about it.
Four college freshmen — Alyson, Courtaney, Kat, and Maria — at the University of Texas at San Antonio thought it was worth it to send the pictures rather than pay the asking price for the animal, $300. Well, actually, the women — roommates who have been living together on campus since January — thought it was worth it to send photos of a friend of theirs to “pay” for the dog. Which we could try to explain, but it’s probably best to just let them tell it.
If you weren’t among the 145.5 million people impacted by the great Equifax data breach fiasco of 2017, there’s actually still a chance your personal information was accessed. Surprise! Turns out, according to a new report, the total was actually somewhere around 147.9 million. Which means another lucky 2.4 million people need to check their status with Equifax and figure out just how much sensitive information they need to be worried about.
There is some good news for those 2.4 million, however. Unlike the earlier breach victims, whose birth dates, addresses, names, driver’s-license numbers, and Social Security numbers were accessed — a few hundred thousand people also had their credit-card numbers stolen — Equifax says the only personal data breached for the latest victims were driver’s license numbers. Which isn’t great, but certainly preferable to somebody making off with your Social Security number and your credit-card number. The company did not initially identify these victims because it was focusing solely on the Social Security breach, the AP reports. To see if you were affected, check with Equifax here.
Gun violence in American schools: What are we to do about it? Common-sense legislative gun reforms supported by a majority of Americans? Increased budgets and training for mental-health professionals in educational settings? Give teachers guns? Melt down the old guns and make one big gun that everyone has to take turns using? Or maybe — just maybe — an oldie but goodie: Blame video games!
The White House announced this afternoon that Donald Trump is going to meet with video-game industry representatives next week, in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Florida, last month.
But President Trump is meeting with video-game manufacturers, and Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders spoke about doing “everything we can to protect schools across the country,” and that means raising the specter of violent video games that turn children into killers. Any excuse but guns.
“I’m hearing more and more people say the level of violence in video games is really shaping young people’s thoughts. And then you go the further step and that’s the movies. You see these movies, they’re so violent and yet a kid is able to see a movie if sex isn’t involved, but killing is involved. Maybe they have to put a rating system for that,” the President (whose entire worldview is shaped by the last person he’s spoken to and who has bragged about being able to shoot someone in the middle of the street without consequence) said last week.
Look, yes, there are video games that depict graphic violence — the same way that there are violent movies, and violent books, and violent music, and a bunch of videos of people getting assaulted and killed all across the internet. I do not need to belabor this point because, as a culture, we’ve mostly moved past the ’90s-era fear that video games are desensitizing children to violence to any greater degree than the rest of our violence-saturated media.
This is, strategically, a very stupid idea. For those of you who don’t remember, Trump’s election to office is partially attributable to the same sorts of grievances and tactics that powered Gamergate — distrust of the media; an opposition to political correctness and diversity; using said grievances to justify outsize online vitriol, sexism, and harassment. Trump laying blame on the primary hobby of his extremely online fanbase is, let’s say, risky. It’s similar to the risk Trump undertook when appointing Ajit Pai to the FCC and allowing him to roll back net-neutrality protections. Leveraging supporters online is incredibly important to the president, even more so now that Brad Parscale, who ran digital on his 2016 campaign, will oversee the entirety of Trump’s 2020 run.
Buried in a lengthy letter to Snap investors in November 2017 was a small section about Spectacles, Snap’s smart glasses and first foray into hardware. Spectacles, the letter explained in less, uh, blunt terms, were pretty much a flop. The company significantly overestimated demand for the devices and lost $39.9 million on unsold Spectacles. Snap, however, is apparently still trying to make Spectacles a thing. According to a report today from Cheddar, the company is working on two more models of Spectacles to be released in 2018 and 2019.
Far Cry 5 is not a game about Donald Trump. The people at Ubisoft, its developer and publisher, really want you to know this, even if they never outright say it. Far Cry 5 is a game about a cult — it’s about a charismatic leader who takes power in rural America, with support from his underlings who also happen to be his family members. Again, not Donald Trump.
Far Cry 5, from a gameplay standpoint, is not reinventing the wheel. Like past games in the series, you’re still dropped into a wide-open environment, with a lot of unique locations full of bad people, and you need to sneak around and take them out in order to liberate the region. The main difference this time, is that it’s set in Montana, not some far-flung location in Africa or Asia. You can drive around and gain allies, and once all of the locations are cleared of bad guys, you win. There are a few new tweaks — instead of climbing towers to scout locations to add to your map, a gameplay feature that Ubisoft has been overusing for a decade, more characters give you geographic information through dialogue. It makes the game feel a little more alive. It also helps that its wooded, natural environments look fantastic. I can already tell that playing Far Cry 5 and getting lost in its woods is a joy.
Not every game needs to be about something. Hell, most games aren’t, and that’s fine. But as Hay said, “We wanted it to feel real.” Far Cry 5 is trying to capture a setting rarely seen in games (rural America) and a mind-set (paranoid), and that’s commendable. It’s possible that the game’s narrative framing takes a turn toward something more definitive and substantial down the line, and I hope so. But from what I observed, the game holds itself back — it exists in this uncanny valley where you can see figments and silhouettes of the Trump-voting America that the media loves to fetishize, but you can also see how much Ubisoft wants to maintain a view from nowhere. In trying to be about everything, the game can often feel like it’s about nothing.
What Far Cry 5 really wants to capture is a world on the brink. “I remember watching movies like WarGames, Terminator, all kinds of stuff, and everybody was talking about the end of the world, and humanity wasn’t going to continue,” he tells me. “And it scared the crap out of me as a kid. About three years ago, I just had that feeling like it was back. And I couldn’t quantify it.” Hmmm … what world-shifting process began three years ago … 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Far Cry 5 is a game where, when I begin my interview with executive producer Dan Hay by asking, “When did you start work on this game?” he gently remarks that “it’s a totally loaded question because we’ve been thinking about coming to the states for about five years.”
What a shame then that certain parts of Far Cry 5 seem to be directly at odds with each other. Take your character, for instance. You can customize them however you’d like — gender, attire, skin color, hairstyle, etc. But they don’t speak; the only way you can solve problems is by shooting. Hay said, “What we really liked was the idea of taking a superthin character, and the idea that it was more you playing. I’ve always struggled with playing a game and having a prescription of ‘This is how you should feel at this moment.’” The problem with this approach is that the only thing I did as the player during my three-hour session was perform acts of violence (and do a bit of ATV racing). The narrative thrust of the game is that, after being stranded in Montana, you — ostensibly an agent of the government — decide to kill every single one of Seed’s henchmen as a reprisal? Maybe he’s right to be scared of the law.
The villain in Far Cry 5 is Joseph Seed. You can tell he’s a cult leader because he wears the same glasses that David Koresh wore. When you, the unnamed player character, first meet him, you are part of a law-enforcement posse sent in by chopper to arrest him. That mission quickly goes wrong when his followers cause the chopper to crash on its way out of town. So Seed and his family, and his “family,” are in open rebellion against the government. It’s a bit Bundy-esque (Cliven, not Ted). There’s a lot of obvious narrative potential here! The primary villains of a tentpole video game set in America are rural, white, and distrustful of the government.
The Seed family is white, but their followers run the melanin spectrum. In the opening sequence, a black follower very conspicuously steps in front of Seed to protect him. The game wants you to know that its villains are very, very bad, but they’re not racist. “It’s an interesting time where people are going to look at things through their own lens,” Hay noted. “We didn’t specifically try and prescribe ‘This is who you’re up against, and this is who you are’ at all. Quite the opposite.”
So then why set it in America? Hay was vague on that front. “Maybe there was something in the water.”
But I just keep coming back to the framing. Clearly, I’m just seeing what I want to see in the game’s story. That’s intentional on Ubisoft’s part because Far Cry 5 is a game that desperately wants to be relevant and set apart from the state of America today. It wants to capture rural Montana with a degree of detail and accuracy that can only come from hours and hours of research, and it also wants to not be about any particular region or population.
Not content with cloning Snapchat, Instagram is now planning on cloning the functionality of … the phone, the device that you use to scroll through Instagram. TechCrunch reports that files found buried in the latest version of the Android app contain assets for a call system, apparently meant to integrate with the service’s direct-messaging system.
Icons resembling a video camera, like the FaceTime icon, were found in the app. If that’s not obvious enough, they have file names like “call.png” and “video_call.png” and “direct_video_call.” Instagram hasn’t said anything about the feature, and likely won’t until it’s ready for prime time. That could be any day now, given that it’s lying dormant in the app right now.
The third pair of glasses will reportedly be equipped with two cameras to “allow for 3D-like depth effects in videos” and circular frames. There’s also talk of a built-in GPS. Sources told Cheddar these Spectacles could retail for as much as $300 in 2019. For reference, Spectacles 1.0 — the ones that Snapchat couldn’t really get anybody to buy — cost $130. Though, the company did lose a billion dollars after Kylie Jenner tweeted about not using the app anymore, so it’s gotta make that up somehow.
If your Alexa suddenly went silent or your Slack channel at work stopped working today, there was a reason for that: One of Amazon Web Services data centers in Virginia suffered downtime from roughly 9:23 a.m. to 1:26 p.m. ET today, affecting customers up and down the Eastern Seaboard. And if you think you aren’t a customer of Amazon Web Services, you’re probably wrong — you just don’t know it.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a suite of cloud-computing services that, unless you run a tech start-up or pay close attention to Amazon’s earnings reports, you may never have heard of. But the Seattle-based company has quietly become responsible for keeping much of the internet running.
Quietly launched as a side business in 2006, AWS was a simple proposition that hit at exactly the right time. It allows anyone, from random individuals to tech start-ups to billion-dollar companies like Slack, to offload the need to run and maintain servers. It controls a huge chunk of the cloud-server market — about 40 percent in mid-2017, per Synergy Research. (By itself, it controls more of the cloud-computer market than its three closest rivals, IBM, Google, and Microsoft, combined.)
All you have to do is look at the replies to the #HereWeAre ad on Twitter to see what Twitter is really like for women. The top reply shows screenshots of racist, slur-filled tweets directed at a woman from earlier in March. Of this year. As in, Twitter’s new and improved system, while it sounds good on paper, might not actually be working at full efficiency. So, yes, Twitter, we are here. And we are being harassed. Skip the self-aggrandizing ads until that’s the exception and not the rule.
*This article appears in the February 19, 2018, issue of New York Magazine. Subscribe Now!
Marcus Hutchins was still recovering from the night before as he settled into a lounge at the Las Vegas airport one afternoon this past August. Hutchins, a 23-year-old cybersecurity researcher, had come from his home in rural England in part to attend DefCon, the world’s biggest computer-hacking conference, and in part to take a well-deserved vacation.
That act made Hutchins the closest thing cybersecurity had ever had to a global celebrity. “Oops! I Saved the World,” read the cover of the New York Daily News. “Cyber Geek Accidentally Stops Huge Hack Attack.” Edward Snowden congratulated Hutchins, and strangers recognized him at Heathrow. Hutchins had gone to DefCon the year before and found the convention unpleasant — “I remember slowly moving down a packed hall in a sea of people who smelled like they hadn’t showered in days” — but in 2017, Cisco invited him into the VIP section at its party. “A year earlier, I’d never have gotten in,” Hutchins said. At six-foot-four, with hair that adds an inch or two, Hutchins was easy to spot, and conferencegoers asked him to pose for photos that they put online with the tag #WannaCrySlayer.
The post-WannaCry attention had been a bit overwhelming for Hutchins, but he loved Vegas. He stayed in an Airbnb with the city’s largest private pool, lit up a bin Laden target at a gun range, and drove around in a friend’s rented Lamborghini. Hutchins didn’t gamble, but he hung around the casino floor to get free drinks. “About to cross ‘turn up at a club in clothes I bought on the way’ off my bucket list,” he announced on Twitter as he went to the nightclub XS to see one of his favorite groups, the Chainsmokers. He wasn’t even mad when he lost his credit card and ID. “Chainsmokers was definitely worth the lost wallet,” he said.
In short, Hutchins was having the kind of Vegas experience that a 23-year-old’s dreams are made of — so much so that he was oblivious to the American law-enforcement agents who were watching him in Nevada. Hutchins didn’t know it, but before he came to the United States, a grand jury in Wisconsin had indicted him, alleging that, three years earlier, he had coded a piece of malware called Kronos that could steal people’s online banking information and conspired to sell Kronos to cybercriminals — charges that carried a maximum 40-year sentence. The legal system has struggled to deal with the reality that between the poles of “white hats,” the good guys, and “black hats,” who use their skills to do harm, many of the world’s cybersecurity experts got good by probing the large gray area in the middle. Whatever Hutchins had or hadn’t done years earlier, he now seemed to be one of the good guys — a hero, even — and a prosecution like this threatened to fray the already fragile connection between hackers and the government at a moment when the internet can use all the help it can get. All of which left Hutchins surprised, as he sat in the airport tweeting about his eagerness to start investigating a new cyberthreat, when several federal officers walked up and said they needed to ask him a few questions.
One Saturday in February, Hutchins walked into a bar in Santa Monica wearing black Etnies skate shoes, a gray T-shirt, and Apple headphones he kept in his ears until he met me at a table in the back. After his arrest last summer, he’d had a long weekend in jail, followed by a court date in Milwaukee, where he pleaded not guilty to the charges. A hacker he’d never met paid his $30,000 bail, though he wasn’t allowed to return to the U.K. (During intake at a halfway house, Hutchins, whose mother is Scottish and father is Jamaican, said an employee insisted on listing him as African-American, despite Hutchins’s noting that he was neither. “America is the only place that could try so hard to be politically correct that they just end up being plain racist,” he said.)
With nowhere else to go while awaiting trial, he had moved to L.A., where the cybersecurity company he works for is based but where he knew almost no one. At one point in October, he couldn’t recall having had a conversation with another human being for two weeks. “Not Going Home November is over and I’m halfway into Don’t Go Home December,” Hutchins wrote on Twitter, where he has documented his life with surprising candor for someone facing a federal conspiracy charge. “Pretty pumped for Just Stay In America January.”
Hutchins had been living under decreasing levels of surveillance — house arrest, a curfew, a GPS monitor on his ankle — but much of his old life had fallen apart around him. A girl he’d been seeing off and on stopped talking to him, and when a friend suggested Tinder, Hutchins pointed out that “I’m under federal indictment, don’t have a car, and can’t go out between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m.” didn’t seem like a very good pickup line. He spent his days playing video games, learning to cook — this was his first time living away from home — and day-trading cryptocurrency: One night, Hutchins got drunk and shorted bitcoin, and a subsequent crash paid the rent on his L.A. one-bedroom for three months. His defense team was working pro bono, but he’d just been forced to sell most of his holdings to help cover the legal fees that came with retaining two immigration lawyers and another attorney “to explain to me where the fuck I’m supposed to pay tax.” He wasn’t allowed to work and was having trouble sleeping. “The FBI took everything from me,” Hutchins told me. “My job, my girlfriend, my bitcoin.”
Hutchins is a self-described introvert and pessimist. (“I don’t really like people,” he deadpanned.) But he also has the youthful confidence that comes with knowing he possesses one of the world’s most in-demand skills: By his own estimate, there are only five people in the world — “I know of three, but five is a round number” — with his particular expertise. When I asked about his post-WannaCry life as a “mini-celebrity,” he objected to the modifier. He was annoyed at those who defended him by saying he wasn’t skilled enough to have made Kronos in the first place. “I don’t know what hurts more,” Hutchins said. “That people think I’m a shitty person or that people think I’m that bad at programming.”
One of the few bits of solace Hutchins had found in L.A., once a judge removed his ankle bracelet, was surfing, which he had learned to do growing up in Ilfracombe, a town of 11,000 on the southwestern coast of England. Hutchins was a competitive swimmer and excelled at “Surf Life Saving” — lifeguarding as a sport, essentially — but he was now out of shape compared with a shirtless photo he’d recently seen from those days, which he described as “biceps for days.” I asked what had happened in the intervening years. “Computers,” he said. “Computers and weed.”
Hutchins started learning to code when he was 12. By high school, his skills were advanced enough that administrators blamed him for an attack that took down the school’s servers. (Hutchins maintains his innocence.) He went on to a local technical school for two years, where he found the computer-science offerings primitive. In 2013, he started a blog. Malwaretech.com featured wonky posts in which Hutchins detailed his amateur explorations into “reverse engineering,” a critical cybersecurity job in which researchers dissect malware to figure out how it works. In a post titled “Coding Malware for Fun and Not for Profit (Because That Would Be Illegal),” Hutchins declared that he was “so bored” with the malware being produced that he had made some himself, assuring readers that, “before you get on the phone to your friendly neighborhood FBI agent,” he had designed the malware so it couldn’t be deployed.
A year later, Hutchins started looking for a job in cybersecurity. He says he applied to GCHQ, the British equivalent of the NSA — his résumé included links to his blog and a childhood swimming certification — but the background check took ten months. By then, he’d become interested in tracking botnets, the giant networks of poorly secured computers, baby monitors, and other devices that cybercriminals use to deploy malware. “I was never trying to make a career out of it,” Hutchins said. “I was just kind of bored.” But in 2015, Salim Neino, who runs Kryptos Logic, a computer-security firm in L.A., saw Hutchins’s blog posts about a major botnet called Kelihos and offered him a job without even meeting him. “He was extremely talented,” Neino said. “You can teach certain things, but in computer security, raw talent is almost irreplaceable.”
Suddenly, at 22, Hutchins had a six-figure salary, two employees reporting to him, and the ability to work remotely from three computer monitors in his bedroom on his own schedule. (“My first question upon waking up and seeing the clock said 9:30 was ‘a.m. or p.m.?’ #DreamJob.”) He quickly developed a reputation in the world of “InfoSec,” or information security, as being an unusually generous member of the community: A researcher in Bulgaria said Hutchins helped him track a botnet there for free. In 2017, he was invited into an initiative run by the U.K.’s National Cyber Security Centre to recruit “the best and the brightest” in cybersecurity to collaborate with the government. Hutchins maintained a hacker’s natural skepticism of authority but came to believe that public and private cooperation is essential to securing the internet. The sense of power that comes with such connections could also be exhilarating: If Hutchins had information to share or a question to ask, he could quickly get in touch with British intelligence or someone at the FBI.
Three months earlier, a North Korean cyberattack known as WannaCry had crippled the British health-care system and caused a billion dollars in losses across 150 countries. The damage could have been much worse — tens of billions, by one estimate — but a few hours after the attack began, Hutchins figured out how to stop it, almost by accident, while sitting at a computer in his bedroom at his parents’ house.
Hutchins had been on a weeklong staycation last May when he woke up to reports that computers around the U.K. had been hit by a new strain of malware called WannaCry that demanded a bitcoin ransom. Such ransomware attacks had become so common that he thought little of it and left to get lunch with a friend. But when he returned, new victims were appearing by the minute: more than a dozen British hospitals, a Spanish telecom company, the Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, police departments in India. The malware took advantage of EternalBlue, a Windows vulnerability discovered by the NSA, which had not reported it to Microsoft in order to use it for the agency’s own purposes. (EternalBlue had recently been exposed by a group of hackers calling themselves The Shadow Brokers.) “I picked a hell of a fucking week to take off work,” Hutchins said on Twitter.
Hutchins got a sample of WannaCry from a friend and began picking it apart. He quickly noticed that the code included a seemingly random domain name —iuqerfsodp9ifjaposdfjhgosurijfaewrwergwea.com — that was unregistered. To Hutchins, the code suggested that WannaCry was regularly pinging the domain; if he registered it, he thought he might be able to direct the traffic to a “sinkhole,” which would allow him to monitor the attack. After a quick conversation with Neino, Hutchins bought the domain on NameCheap.com for $10.69.
When Hutchins registered the domain, he unknowingly activated a “kill switch” in the code that stopped WannaCry from spreading. In the U.K. alone, the attack resulted in an estimated 19,000 canceled doctor’s appointments and forced five emergency rooms to turn away patients, but Hutchins saved 92 other facilities from attack and had intervened early enough in the American workday to keep WannaCry from spreading widely in the U.S. “Everyone was clapping online,” Dan Tentler, an InfoSec friend of Hutchins’s, told me. “Who knew you could basically save the world by accidentally kill-switching malware?”
Two days later, a friend called to tell Hutchins his picture was in the Daily Mail. Hutchins had given interviews pseudonymously, as MalwareTech, but he feared reprisal from the WannaCry hackers and had taken great pains to maintain his “OpSec,” hacker shorthand for operational security. (The rest of us call it privacy.) Most of his friends in Ilfracombe didn’t know what he did for work, partly because he couldn’t talk about it, and most of his InfoSec friends didn’t know his real name. Hutchins had tried to keep pictures and information about himself off the internet, avoiding services that asked for his physical address, but he’d slipped up a year earlier when he “got way too drunk and agreed to some group selfies,” which the British tabloids had found.
Suddenly, Hutchins was everywhere. (Surf Europe magazine: “Marcus Hutchins could well be the most famous UK surfer since Wham’s Andrew Ridgeley.”) With journalists staking out his home, Hutchins hid inside, slipping out once by leaping over a wall in the back, wearing a hoodie, to go to his favorite fish-and-chips shop. Eventually, he granted an interview to the Associated Press; when the reporters asked Hutchins to spell his last name, he was so nervous he left out the n. A month later, when he began looking into another ransomware attack and ordered his standard “Cyber Attack Survival Pack” — two pizzas and two liters of Dr Pepper — the delivery guy recognized him and asked whether he was investigating the new malware. His Twitter following quintupled, which was cool, though he tried to remain detached about it, posting a photo of the ocean with a digital-age koan: “50k new followers won’t bring you happiness, but the sea will.”
His reception in the cybersecurity world was even more adoring.Hutchins delivered the keynote at a conference in Copenhagen, and at another event, when he started talking to a girl he thought was cute, he was bombarded by so many people asking him for photos that she got fed up and left. In July, during an interview with a cybersecurity website, he was asked whether black hats could make as much money “by coming to the ‘good’ side.” Hutchins pointed out that the hackers behind WannaCry, one of the largest cyberattacks ever, had made off with just $135,503 — roughly what a malware researcher like him made as a salary without “the risk of being caught.” But Hutchins had also expressed doubt that many would switch teams. Several months earlier, in a conversation about a group of black hats who had supposedly come clean, Hutchins declared on Twitter, “Bad guys who come to the good side rarely become good guys, remember that.”
The six-count indictment against Hutchins accused him of building malware known as Kronos, a banking Trojan that could surreptitiously install itself on a computer and steal passwords and other information entered into financial websites. It first appeared in 2014, after Hutchins had finished school but before he had found work, and it spread in part via Kelihos, the botnet he’d been tracking when he got his job. In addition to creating the malware, Hutchins was accused of conspiring to sell Kronos to cybercriminals for $2,000 and advertising it on AlphaBay, a dark-web marketplace the FBI has since shut down.
To obtain a conviction, the government would have to prove not only that Hutchins had built Kronos but that he intended it to do harm. According to prosecutors, Hutchins admitted to creating Kronos while being questioned following his arrest at the Vegas airport. (His attorneys say he was sleep-deprived and intoxicated during the interview.) The FBI also showed Hutchins 150 pages of online chat logs in which he allegedly talked to an unidentified co-defendant about selling Kronos and how to split the proceeds. During a phone call from jail, prosecutors say, Hutchins described the chats as “undeniable.” “The government usually doesn’t go after someone unless they credibly could win,” said Katie Moussouris, a prominent hacker who works to foster better relations with government agencies.
The cybersecurity world was stunned. It was rare for an individual hacker to become a hero, as Hutchins had, and disconcerting for that person then to be charged as a cybercriminal. Some turned on him, speculating, without any real evidence, that Hutchins had been behind WannaCry all along and had “discovered” the kill switch only after the attack had grown out of control. (The U.S. and other governments have blamed the attack on North Korea.) Researchers who worked with Hutchins were spooked. “This is bad,” wrote one member of a cybersecurity forum. “We need to assume for the period he was among us, any and all traffic was compromised and could be, along with our names etc., in the hands of various adversaries.”
Things got worse for Hutchins a month after his arrest, when Brian Krebs, a journalist who covers cybersecurity, published an exhaustive article connecting Hutchins to a variety of online user names — “Touch My Malware,” “Da Loser,” “Flipertyjopkins” — that had apparently engaged in low-level cybercrime when Hutchins was a teenager. Da Loser had bragged about a password-stealing program he had created; Flipertyjopkins posted a YouTube video explaining how to use a particular piece of malware. Krebs emphasized that the alleged crimes were “fairly small-time” and that he had found no evidence connecting Hutchins to Kronos, but the article fed rumors circulating on InfoSec forums that Hutchins’s past wasn’t pure.
Still, many in InfoSec were quick to defend him. “A lot of people do have criminal pasts — or criminal presents — but we also have a lot of experience with people getting arrested for no good reason,” said Robert Graham, a security researcher. Hutchins had worked with law enforcement many times, including during WannaCry, when he publicly thanked the FBI for its help. Hutchins also sent a curious tweet in 2014 — “Anyone got a kronos sample?” — that suggested he had learned about Kronos along with the rest of the security community (or was trying to distance himself from his handiwork).
Some of the skepticism lay in the InfoSec community’s distrust of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, a 32-year-old law that is behind many cybercrime prosecutions in America, including the case against Hutchins. Both law enforcement and the security community generally agree the law is antiquated — its definition of a computer cites typewriters and handheld calculators — and it has produced several questionable prosecutions. One issue has been figuring out how to handle young hackers whose intentions are not always clear. In 2010, Stephen Watt, a former programmer at Morgan Stanley, was convicted of writing code used in a credit-card-theft ring called “Operation Get Rich or Die Tryin.” Watt hadn’t actually deployed the malware, received no money, and claimed not to know what it was being used for. Judge Nancy Gertner, who heard Watt’s case, told me she found herself in a difficult position when it came to sentencing — prosecutors argued for five years in prison, the defense wanted probation — and settled on a two-year prison sentence. “People lost money, and he deserved to be punished, but he was also a kid,” Gertner said.
While the teenage exploits that Brian Krebs uncovered were troubling, many security researchers saw themselves in the allegations. “How does someone like Marcus become so talented?” Neino, his boss, said. “The best security researchers need to expose themselves to real threats. A lot of researchers hang out in underground forums and befriend criminals.” Cybersecurity also has a long history of bad guys who become good. Kevin Mitnick spent five years in prison for various cybercrimes in the ’90s but now runs a security company that consults with the FBI. Amit Serper, who is now 31 and helped stop a major Russian cyberattack last summer, told me that he and many others in the field had done things as a teenager that “could be counted as illegal.” Nearly everyone I spoke to from the InfoSec world cited research suggesting the human brain doesn’t fully form until people reach their mid-20s. Many of the most talented cybersecurity experts, they point out, honed their skills by testing boundaries as teens. “I call this period the Age of Rage,” Moussouris told me. “It might be about feeling important for the first time in your life and being recognized as powerful. It’s the first time you taste that feeling we all yearn for — significance.”
Even prosecutors had acknowledged in court that Hutchins’s alleged crimes were “historical” and allowed Hutchins full access to the internet while awaiting trial, which was unusual and suggested they no longer considered him a threat. If Hutchins made money from selling Kronos, it likely wasn’t much — he allegedly complained in chat logs about how little he received — and while Kronos had hit banks in countries ranging from Canada to India, it was a relatively minor piece of malware. In a set of guidelines from 2014, the Department of Justice cited several concerns beyond innocence or guilt in determining whether to bring a prosecution under the CFAA, including the “increased need for deterrence.” It seemed possible that Hutchins’s intervention during the WannaCry attack had made him a visible target. Or perhaps the government was pressuring Hutchins to provide information — about WannaCry, Russian hackers, or something else — that he was otherwise reluctant to offer.
Even Hutchins’s defenders say if he’s guilty some punishment is in order, but his prosecution also sends a mixed message. Hutchins had been a model of public-private cooperation at a time when the government was having difficulty recruiting cybersecurity talent. (James Comey irritated the community in 2014 when he said the FBI struggled to hire people because “some of those kids want to smoke weed on the way to the interview.”) Some security researchers said they would stop sharing information with the government in protest. “It just gives people in the community a feeling of persecution,” Jennifer Granick, who works on cybersecurity for the ACLU, said.
While the government has tried to improve its outreach to hackers — the DOJ is hosting a panel at South by Southwest this month about teaching ethics to hackers — relatively little is being done to nudge talented young people toward the light, which could leave someone with Hutchins’s skills and a still-developing moral compass feeling adrift. Around the time Hutchins was allegedly coding Kronos, he was also on Twitter trying to figure out how to get a job, asking about résumé formatting and whether to join LinkedIn. At one point, he worried that he might not be able to get a job at all. From this angle, even a critical reading of Hutchins’s story could be hopeful: Having once done things he shouldn’t have, he had realized that doing good was more rewarding, financially and otherwise, than doing bad. “We can fit in a car the number of people who do this for fun — the defenders of the internet,” Tentler, Hutchins’s InfoSec friend, said. “If you wanna have a good relationship with hackers, it’s probably not a good idea to destroy their lives.”
A few days after we met for beers, Hutchins and I took a walk along Venice Beach. When we had parted ways the other night, Hutchins had told me he was going to meet some friends and “get so drunk I don’t remember anything.” He said he’d invite me along, but he wasn’t sure the others would be okay with it. “It’s a bunch of InfoSec people,” he said. “They’re all paranoid.”
While Hutchins objected to parts of the Krebs article, he admitted that “I think everyone can see I have some shady things in my past.” But he didn’t think this was so unusual. “Most of cybersecurity has done something they shouldn’t at some point,” he said. “We only talk about the people who get caught.” Hutchins said he knew of one cybercriminal who masquerades as a white hat and is sometimes quoted as an upstanding security expert in the press. And, he said, other cybercriminals would sometimes disappear from forums and then pop up months later working for the government.
After we’d been on the boardwalk for half an hour, Hutchins paused and looked toward the sea. “All this time, I’ve never actually just walked on the sand,” he said. He had gone to the waves and back to surf, but he’d never thought to just take a stroll. As we walked along the water, still wearing our shoes, Hutchins said that he’d previously felt little desire to leave Ilfracombe. His friends were there, real estate was cheap — he’d been planning to use his savings and his bitcoin earnings to pay $400,000 in cash for a large house — and there seemed to be no professional point in moving to London or San Francisco when he could stop a global cyberattack from his bedroom. But his time in L.A. had revealed a wider world, one in which he could go to multiple clubs playing the Chainsmokers, rather than the one club in Ilfracombe, and where apps would deliver food at the odd hours he liked to keep. Hutchins assumed that he would have to go back to the U.K. after the case, regardless of its resolution, and there was no telling when he would be able to return.
Most of all, Hutchins was bored, and he wanted to work again. “Not having access to my botnet-monitoring stuff is depressing,” he said. While Hutchins declined to discuss details of his case, except to maintain his innocence — the trial is still pending, though such cases often end in settlements — he feared the damage was already done. Cybersecurity is a business based in trust, and he worried that the allegations alone made him unemployable. (He had recently noticed a number of Twitter bots commenting on his case with anti-American bents, which he speculated could be someone trying to use his case to divide the American cybersecurity community.)
As we walked up to the Santa Monica Pier, Hutchins grew wistful, thinking back to moments that could have led him anyplace but here. He was convinced, for instance, that he had become a target after WannaCry, which would mean that the greatest moment of his life had led directly to the worst. The world has never been more dependent on people like Hutchins, with their deep mastery of the digital systems undergirding things the rest of us take for granted. He seemed to realize this could be both a privilege and a burden. “I liked the connections and the power,” Hutchins said as a violinist played “Tale As Old As Time” on the pier. “Now I’m not sure it was worth it.”
With more than 2 billion users, Facebook is on a mission to generate one set of rules that everyone can abide by. In order to determine these rules, Facebook needs to get to know its users, and ask them about the issues that really matter. It needs to ask hard questions. Questions like, “Should we get the cops involved if users are soliciting child porn?”
“In thinking about an ideal world where you could set Facebook’s policies, how would you handle the following: a private message in which an adult man asks a 14 year old girl for sexual pictures.” The user could decide whether the content should be allowed on Facebook. A second question asked users who should be deciding the rules, Facebook, external experts, or some combination of the two?
The answer, I think everyone would agree, is yes. Facebook, however, seems less sure! Tucked inside a user survey presented to Guardian reporter Jonathan Haynes were questions on grooming minors using Facebook.
In a statement to TechCrunch, Facebook said:
Facebook’s VP of product, Guy Rosen, responded to Haynes, calling the hypothetical content “unacceptable.”
So there you have it. Facebook: just asking questions.
There’s a hot new SpongeBob meme out there. There was SpongeGar, and there was mocking SpongeBob, and there was confused Mr. Krabs, and a bunch of other Spongy memes, but those are all old news. Now there’s a new one. It’s about Patrick, the starfish, doing bad things.
Although the tweet that really sent Evil Patrick usage skyrocketing is this one …
Do you sometimes do things that you know are bad, or at least not optimal? Then this is the meme for you. “That’s me” — you, scanning this meme.
That’s a fun sex joke. We’re all having fun online posting this picture of Patrick looking nefarious and downward (maybe he’s looking at his genitals, that’s what some users are riffing on).
… This is the tweet that initially started the snowball, according to the Daily Dot.
Anyhow, that’s the Patrick meme. Please use responsibly.
Everybody loves MoviePass, the delightful subscription service that allows you to see as many movies a month as you’d like for a cheap, flat rate! By the way: MoviePass has been tracking your moves before and after going to see said cost-efficient movies. MoviePass CEO Mitch Lowe said some, uh, interesting things during his keynote at the Entertainment Finance Forum earlier this month, Tech Crunch reports. “We get an enormous amount of information,” Lowe said. “We watch how you drive from home to the movies. We watch where you go afterwards.”
Apple’s AirPods have surprised people in a lot of ways. Despite early worries, they stay put in your ears firmly, and are surprisingly easy to use compared to the hassle of Bluetooth — tap them once against your iPhone, and you’re paired. They’re (to my eyes) surprisingly non-dorky, whether that’s just by dint of their ubiquity here in NYC or Apple’s still best-in-class design. And, compared to the competition, they’re surprisingly affordable — AirPods aren’t cheap at $160, but many other wireless earbuds easily run $300.
But most of all, they’ve been a surprise hit — not even Apple seemed prepared for just how many people would want to buy them; they were forced to speed up their supply chain this past summer as they still weren’t meeting latent demand.
The one thing not surprising about the AirPod is the sound. It’s serviceable, and certainly better than the sound you get out of a pair of wired Lightning headphones included with iPhones after the iPhone 7. But they’re small, wireless headphones without huge drivers, and they sound like it. Sound can get muzzy on a loud subway car or airplane flight, and even in a quiet room it’s not the textured, responsive sound that would make any audiophile take notice. Unlike the impressive sound of the HomePod, the AirPod is good enough, and does enough other things well enough to get it across the finish line. But Apple has never really been a company about “good enough.”
But Beats Music was easy to kill off; it was hardly a household name or a fashion statement. The Beats headphone line, while looked down upon by some headphone snobs, has a lot of fans; it’s tough to imagine Apple kicking that name to the curb as well. So, what, exactly, does it call it this mysterious new high-end headphone? Our suggestion: HeadPods. (Apple, you have my number if you want to talk further.)
In fact, per Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, Apple wants to make to make a pair of headphones that sound a whole lot more like the HomePod, creating noise-canceling, wireless, over-the-ear headphones that may hit store shelves by the holiday season, likely using the W2 to create the same seamless pairing user experience you get with the AirPod and the HomePod. No word on what the final price on these would be, though high-end, noise-canceling headphones usually start at $300 and can easily hit $500 or higher.
Apple watchers might be raising their eyebrows at the idea of Apple making an over-the-ear headphone using its proprietary wireless chips, because Apple ostensibly already makes a noise-canceling, high-end headphone that use the W1 chip for an easy pairing experience: the Beats Studio3, which retail for $350. Then again, Apple dropped the Beats name when it integrated Beats Music and relaunched it as Apple Music in 2015.
Well, first, ahhhh! It’s not so much that MoviePass is collecting this data — a fun and horrifying way to kill an afternoon is to spend several hours digging into all the information Facebook and Google have stored up about you — but that MoviePass doesn’t appear to have mentioned it was collecting it. “MoviePass requires access to your location when selecting a theater. This is a single request for your location coordinates (longitude, latitude, and radius) and will only be used as a means to develop, improve and personalize the service,” the company explains in its Privacy Policy. Nothing in there aligns with Lowe’s statements that the company is actively tracking users from when they leave their apartment to see Call Me by Your Name until they return home, with a brief pit stop at a bar to drink several gin and tonics in an attempt to emotionally cope.
Lowe also said MoviePass wants to “build a night at the movies” for its users. Meaning MoviePass would likely want to use that data to help direct you to a specific bar on your way home, or restaurant on your way there. MoviePass would get a “cut from the vendors,” Media Play News, which first reported on Lowe’s keynote, explained. Which wouldn’t be a hugely surprising … that’s how the commoditization of data works. (Lowe’s keynote was entitled “Data Is the New Oil: How Will MoviePass Monetize It?”) The larger issue is that MoviePass, if it is doing this, wasn’t particularly forthcoming with its users. Lowe says the company is on track to hit 5 million customers by the end of 2018; many of them hopped aboard the MoviePass express before knowing about the fine print.
Bumble, the dating app that also wants you to use it to find friends and to network, announced it will be banning photos of guns from the platform. Which means if your move to get people to swim right was posting six photos of yourself with a variety of firearms, you’re going to need a new move. Bumble says the one exception to the rule will be military and law officers wearing their uniforms. “From today on, we will begin the process of moderating all new and previously uploaded photos for the presence of guns,” Bumble explained on its blog.
Bumble said its decision to ban guns in photos was linked to recent mass shootings and also announced a $100,000 donation to the March for Our Lives, a rally being organized by the survivors of the Parkland shooting in February. “It’s time to state unequivocally that gun violence is not in line with our values, nor do these weapons belong on Bumble.” The company also said “online behavior can both mirror and predict how people treat each other in the real world.” The use of the word predict — as though being a person who owns a gun and poses with it for photos is predictive of someone becoming a mass shooter — gets a little hairy. (See here: Donald Trump’s recent decision to meet with leaders in the video-game industry after deciding, against all existing scientific research, violent games are leading to gun violence.)
Still, credit to Bumble for trying to do something. The app has —possibly because it’s run by a woman who left Tinder after alleged sexual harassment by her male co-founder — historically tried hard to make Bumble as safe as possible for non-male users. The company has a strict policy on hate speech, has publicly shamed a man for sending abusive messages, and banned white supremacists. Now if they could just do something about all those guys with pictures of themselves holding fish.
*This article has been corrected to show that Eternal Blue was exposed by the hacker group The Shadow Brokers, not by Wikileaks.
The year is 2018 and Merriam-Webster would like you to know that “dumpster fire” is officially a dictionary-recognized noun. The term was added on Tuesday, along with 849 others, including welp, glamping, cryptocurrency, and initial coin offering. Welp.
What is the greatest threat to American liberty today? Undocumented immigrants? Russian meddling? The lamestream media? Not being able to buy a gun at any store at any age? Or is it … computers?
Many conservatives would argue that computers — and, specifically, the enormous, market-warping platforms that connect them, and the mostly liberal companies that use them in California — are a huge threat to American freedom. Because these companies, like Google and Facebook, own the computers (servers) that people access with their personal computers (smartphones), the companies can wield a significant amount of power over what people learn or don’t learn and how far the messages that people want to publish can spread. Despite the fact that these are private companies, many still view this as a “freedom of speech” issue.
The New York Times reports this morning that right-wing journalist Peter Schweizer is readying a new documentary about Big Tech, expected to premiere during (but not officially part of) the Cannes Film Festival. Schweizer, of course, is not just some crank — or, at least, not just some powerless crank: Prior to The Creepy Line, as the film is known, Schweizer, who has ties to both former Trump confidant Steve Bannon and right-wing billionaire Robert Mercer, made the anti-Hillary documentary Clinton Cash, based on his own infamously dodgy book that was used, controversially, as the basis for some New York Times stories about the Clinton family.
How exactly The Creepy Line will square the right’s anti-regulation stance with calls to limit tech power remains to be seen. And how people will watch it without seeing clips on YouTube or renting it from iTunes or spreading the word on Facebook or Twitter also remains an open question. Anyway, good luck!
The emergence of a push from influential conservatives to take on tech companies signals a shift in attention from the bias of traditional media, which is not really a secret, to medialike companies that refuse to acknowledge their role, such as Facebook and Google. The companies’ insistence that they are neutral and unwilling to take clear stances is now at odds with growing calls to clean up the exploitable and largely unmonitored centralized platforms that they oversee.
Dumpster fire, if your brain is still capable of thinking back to the tumultuous period that was the 2016 election, rose to peak linguistic popularity two years ago. It was deemed the “meme of 2016” by Mother Jones. There was one particular GIF, a blue dumpster full of flames, that popped up everywhere, from Twitter to Facebook to group text threads. Somebody even tracked down the GIF’s origin story to a dumpster in California. Thus 2016 was the year of the dumpster fire. Merriam-Webster’s definition swings a little more broadly, defining dumpster fire as “an utterly calamitous or mismanaged situation or occurrence.” Basically a synonym for disaster.
Merriam-Webster is aware that it’s late to the dumpster-fire party. “We, as a dictionary, are not looking in real time. We are kind of a lag indicator, in financial terms,” Merriam-Webster editor-at-large Peter Sokolowski said to NPR. “We are really interested in the terms that are here to stay, that we are very unlikely to ever take away from the dictionary.” Which is fine, really, because two years later things are pretty much still dumpster-fire-level bad … even if we’ve stopped calling said things dumpster fires.
Over the last few weeks, large online platforms have started making more of an effort to curb online harassment and bullying festering on their sites, often spurred by far-right channels. In other words, they’re trying to get Nazis off of the platform, and because these quote, unquote “politically incorrect” channels are largely right wing, mainstream conservatives can also claim that they are victims of bias.
Earlier this year, Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Center for Energy and Environmental Policy Research released the first draft of a paper analyzing the wages of Uber drivers. The finding, of that particular draft, said that the average Uber driver made $3.37 in hourly profit. Which, uh, isn’t great. After backlash — including a paper from Jonathan Hall, Uber’s chief economist published on Medium — MIT released another draft of the study. This one found a median profit of $8.55 — which is a bad look for MIT, but also not a great look for Uber, given its entire business model is predicated on convincing people that driving for Uber is a lucrative gig.
It’s been well-documented that the rise of “tube” sites at the turn of the decade, where users can watch pornography for free, has decimated the adult-film industry. No longer was porn locked behind paywalls; instead sites like Pornhub have become wildly popular (and, thanks to a savvy PR team, eager to offer up insight into the sexual proclivities of online porn viewers).
The study initially went wrong due to two questions in its driver survey. Question No. 14: “How much money do you make in the average month? Combine the income from all your on-demand activities.” And question No. 15: “How much of your total monthly income comes from driving?” While 14 appears to ask about how much money a person makes from all, not just Uber or ride-share driving, work done in a month, question 15 is strictly about driving. Which means if a person answered question 14 entirely about their Uber income, but then said in question 15 that driving only made up a fraction of their income … the final sum would be lower than it actually is.
From Hall’s Medium piece:
Rhode Island Democratic state senators Frank Ciccone and Hanna Gallo likely don’t care about restoring porn sites to their former glory days, but they do seem eager to have people pay for porn online again: The duo has introduced a piece of legislation that, if passed, would require all ISPs operating in Rhode Island to block “sexual content” and “offensive” content by default — unless ISP users were willing to provide proof that they were 18 and pay a one-time fee of $20 (the money would go to the state’s commission on human trafficking).
On Twitter, Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, joked that MIT was short for “Mathematically Incompetent Theories.” Which, in this case, was true given MIT has since revisited its research to provide a more accurate figure. Still, under the new survey numbers, just over half — 54 percent — of Uber drivers make less than the minimum wage, and 8 percent of drivers are losing money as Uber drivers. (A different methodology in the updated survey found drivers make $10 an hour. In that survey, 41 percent of drivers made under minimum wage and 4 percent were losing money. Also not great.) Which means, yes, Uber was right to call out MIT’s study as false, but in doing so it pointed a giant, blinking arrow to the low, if slightly higher than previously reported, wages its drivers are taking home.
Ciccone and Gallo’s law is pretty broad in defining the term “sexual content,” deeming it anything that runs afoul of the Rhode Island State statute that deems sexual content as anything that shows the “act of sexual intercourse, normal or perverted, actual or simulated” as well as masturbation. Ciccone and Gallo’s law would also require ISPs to block access to “patently offensive material,” which is termed as anything “so offensive on its face as to affront current standards of decency.” Two other statutes in the law would also require ISPs to block access to any site set up for the purposes of facilitating prostitution, as well as any site hosting child pornography (which is, of course, an international crime already — though ISPs have traditionally not been on the hook for preventing it).
Enforcing this law would be extremely difficult, to say the least. There are somewhat reliable lists of adult sites kept by companies that help parents keep porn away from their kids that ISPs could rely on, and content filtering in general is somewhat sophisticated in keeping kids away from truly foul stuff while still allowing them on Wikipedia for a science project. The problem comes from the section about anything “so offensive on its face as to affront current standards of decency,” language which is wildly imprecise. Not only does it closely mirror a section of the 1996 Communications Decency Act about “patently offensive” material that the Supreme Court eventually struck down due to being overly broad and vague, but it just boggles the mind at who, exactly, would be in charge of deciding where the line falls. Does photography from a war zone count? Video of knee surgery? Would half of fanfiction.net suddenly be verboten in Rhode Island?
Want to look at adult content? Ciccone and Gallo’s law would have you submit a request in writing that you be allowed to look at adult content, present identification proving that you are 18 or older, get a written warning about the dangers of being allowed to look at the unfiltered internet (which, as someone with a brain poisoned by too much online content, fair enough), and pay the state $20.
To date, the United States has made its uneasy peace with smut online by placing the burden on website operators themselves, not ISPs. Under current net-neutrality rules, it’s illegal to require an ISP to block access to lawful content. Then again, Ajit Pai and the FCC have recently moved to repeal those laws.
More broadly, there are ten ISPs that currently operate in Rhode Island. Would each be responsible for setting its own standards as to what it blocks and doesn’t block. Would getting my broadband via Verizon Fios mean I can look at the Egon Schiele paintings, but Comcast would shut me down?
The law does carry some teeth: If any ISP was found to be in violation of the law, the attorney general can file a civil suit where the ISP would face fines of up to $500 for each piece of content reported, but not blocked. It’s not hard to imagine a scenario where an enterprising attorney general could find one objectionable site left unblocked and sue an ISP for an astounding amount. Even a site that hosted only, say, 100,000 pieces of content (Pornhub, for comparison, currently hosts 5 million videos) would mean a $50 million fine for the ISP. Any ISP operating in Rhode Island underneath such a law would take the smart course and simply clamp down any and all content that in any way could be construed as offensive. (Under the proposed law, users who think something like, say, the pictures of Robert Mapplethorpe shouldn’t be banned would simply report to “a call center or reporting website” where, if the content is deemed kosher, it would be unblocked within five days of the initial report. Easy peasy!)
You probably already know this, but the president, Donald J. Trump, loves to get mad online. Here he is getting mad online this morning:
The president was talking about the Chaos Emeralds, a set of gemstone power-ups from the beloved Sonic the Hedgehog video-game series. For years, unbeknownst to the mainstream media, the Chaos Emeralds have played a pivotal role in the American presidency, the cause of strife and struggle for the better part of a decade, as our commanders-in-chief have struggled to wield their enormous power.
Now, if you are a person with a normal brain, you’re assuming the president is referring to the high rate of turnover in his administration, and a series of recent news events that might indicate that not everything is going okay in the White House. Last week, communications director Hope Hicks resigned; this week, former campaign staffer Sam Nunberg went on TV and, well, I’m not sure how else to put this, said a bunch of crazy shit. The president chews through staffers like he chews through overcooked steak: vigorously and confidently. By any conventional definition, the White House is chaotic.
But was he talking about the White House? Travel with me down here, to galaxy-brain land, and I’ll tell you what the president was really talking about:
How do I know this to be true? Travel back in time with me to the year 2010, when a user named Cy-Fox posted a genre-bending piece of fanfiction, “Immortality Protocol Cy-Fox: Book 01,” on a forum devoted to Sonic the Hedgehog.
In the story’s prologue, then-president Barack Obama, ambassador Susan Rice, and the rest of the Security Council are briefed on a scientific anomaly at CERN by Dr. Nathan Morgan.
That final line, those incredible seven words, form the basis for a long-running, internetwide joke concerning the intersection of Sonic fandom and the most powerful political office in the world.
Though the story was published in 2010, it really came to prominence in the world of internet in-jokes in 2013, when the Twitter account @fanfiction_txt, which is devoted to tweeting out quotes from fanfiction, published that last line, without context. It now has over 57,000 retweets and 61,000 likes. “I didn’t have many followers at the time and within a week it blew up,” the account’s owner later wrote, taking credit for starting the Chaos Emeralds meme.
“Obama chuckled. ‘You mean the Chaos Emeralds?’” is, to me, the 21st-century version of Hemingway’s “For sale: baby shoes, never worn,” and only one word longer. It is impossible not to hear it in Obama’s voice, with his laughter. You see in your mind’s eye the amused grin on Obama’s face because he already knows the Chaos Emeralds intimately. After all, he is the president of the United States.
Naturally, forum users across the web set off to riff on the theme of Obama melding with the Sonic universe. There were a number of photos featuring the president as Shadow the Hedgehog, a villain/anti-hero in the series often maligned for his aggressive attempts at being edgy.
The Tumblr post has since glitched and can no longer be listened to, but it lives on in various YouTube animations and tributes to Shadobama.
This image, an altered version of the photo that Obama tweeted on the night of his reelection, shows Obama in “Super Sonic” form, only possible by collecting all seven Chaos Emeralds.
You get it.
Some users took the joke even further. On Tumblr, user anjaroid produced an audio version of the exchange, imagining Obama chuckling about the gemstones and then pulling one out at a press conference and activating Chaos Control, “a Chaos Power that allows the user to warp time and space.”
But now, we have a new president, a president even more susceptible to the allure of ostentatious and mystical precious stones.
How will President Trump wield the Chaos Emeralds? If the president’s tweets are any indication, he still has not harnessed their power. For now, a nation waits on pins and needles.
Ciccone and Gallo’s bill has been referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee, a place where, traditionally, legislation goes to languish and die.
It’s easy to mock Ciccone and Gallo’s legislation; it’s a remarkably inept piece of lawmaking that stands little chance of passing and even less chance of standing up in court on any sort of legal challenge. But we are in a strange new age now where hard-core streaming pornography is easily available to young kids — and nobody seems quite sure what effect (if any) it’ll have on them. Ciccone and Gallo’s law is laughable, but it’s an attempt to regulate something that remains a source of deep anxiety for many parents.
Michael B. Jordan, one of the stars of Black Panther, is so hot the mere sight of his body can empower someone to break steel using only their mouth.
Here’s where it gets a bit weirder: A screenshot of the Tumblr post went viral on Twitter — where Robb eventually saw it and realized, hmmm, that sounds a lot like me. (Worth noting: Her orthodontist revealed nothing about her identity in his post and Robb is actually 18, not 17.)
A horned-up teen! A viral Tumblr post! Orthodontia! This story has everything! And just when you think it couldn’t get any better, it does. On Tuesday, Michael B. Jordan replied to Robb’s tweet offering to pay for Robb’s new retainer. “I feel partly responsible,” Jordan tweeted.
Congrats to the happy couple.
Sophia Robb, an 18-year-old from California, broke her retainer while watching Black Panther — specifically after a scene featuring a shirtless Jordan. How do we know this, you might ask? Well, because Robb’s orthodontist posted about it on Tumblr (yes, Robb’s orthodonist has a Tumblr): “That is the fucking funniest shit ever to me this tiny 17 year old girl thirsting so goddamn hard she busted steel.”
Bad news for Tumblr teens (and adults) of Indonesia, the country’s government announced this week that the platform will officially be blocked in the country due to pornographic content available on the site. The block comes after the Indonesian government sent a letter to Tumblr earlier in February demanding the removal of all porn from the platform within 48 hours, the AFP reports. Tumblr, clearly, did not comply.
Noor Iza, a spokesperson for the Indonesian ministry, said the government investigated and found “at least 360 Tumblr accounts contained pornographic content.” Which is funny because there’s probably — definitely — a lot more than just 360 accounts containing porn on Tumblr. (I’m guessing here, of course.) Plus sites like Google aren’t blocked, so if somebody wanted to access porn — obscene content like porn was criminalized in Indonesia, a Muslim-majority country, in 2008 — they likely still could, at their own risk. Also, blocking Tumblr means the good people of Jakarta miss out on all the other good things about Tumblr — the good things that aren’t porn. Like a teen finding out that her orthodontist has a Tumblr where he shared a viral post about her breaking her retainer after seeing Michael B. Jordan’s shirtless body in Black Panther. See … that’s good content.
Across the board, expensive TVs provide you with very, very good picture quality. Even relatively cheap sets sport 4K and HDR. In other words, it’s a buyer’s market. So what can a brand like Samsung — still the top TV manufacturer in the world — do to convince consumers to spend four figures on a high-end TV set?
One of the riskiest things you can do in the digital age is hand your computer to someone else. It’s a lot easier now because computers literally fit in one hand — but it’s just as risky. You keep a lot of personal information on your computer. It’s possible that you even keep evidence of wrongdoing tucked away on your hard drive.
According to new documents obtained by the EFF through a FOIA request, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has a pretty chill relationship with the Geek Squad, including recruiting confidential informants that work in computer-repair facilities. The FOIA request was precipitated by the case of Mark Rettenmaier, who was charged with possessing child pornography after his computer was sent to a Kentucky repair shop.
Furthermore, from the EFF’s review:
The thing is, unless you’re a computer technician, you’re probably not capable of fixing the device yourself. So maybe you head over to Best Buy, where the Geek Squad will take your computer and fix it. And maybe they’ll report anything illegal they find to the FBI.
In other words, there are significant incentives for repair technicians working for Geek Squad to be proactive in looking for illegal content on personal devices and reporting it to authorities. The FBI declined to tell the EFF if it had arrangements with other repair services.
It’s an optical illusion, but it works. Your TV looks like a hanging pane of glass with pencil-thin bezels. Some extra touches, like sensing room lighting and some ersatz shadows hanging off the bezels and display fonts, complete the illusion. If you get up close, your depth perception kicks in and you’ll see that what you thought was the wall is actually a TV screen, but even from a foot or two away, the effect is remarkable.
How about an invisible TV?
Okay, not quite invisible. But close. “Ambient Mode,” which rolls out with every new model in Samsung’s QLED line in 2018, was shown off for the first time today at a Samsung event here in Manhattan. It allows your TV to seamlessly, chameleonically blend in with a part of your wall when you’re not using it. And for a certain type of buyer — someone with strong opinions about the current Roche Bobois versus Restoration Hardware offerings — it’s going to make Samsung QLEDs suddenly a very compelling option indeed.
The trick of Ambient Mode is, at heart, pretty simple. You mount your TV and snap a few pictures of your wall with your smartphone. The Samsung SmartThings app then matches your wall, whether that’s your particular shade of paint, wallpaper, or exposed brick, and then matches that up on the TV’s screen. Hey, presto, your TV suddenly becomes transparent.
You can choose to leave it blank for that glass-pane effect, throw up “living wallpapers” that blend an image in with the texture and color of the surrounding wall, set up something to display the time and temperature where you live, or rotate through photos or paintings. Your TV stops being a big, black rectangle of nothing on your wall when you’re not using it — it just becomes part of your wall. (Samsung didn’t talk about how much power draw Ambient Mode uses when in use, though said it’s lower than when the TV is in active use.)
Samsung has been experimenting with TV sets that don’t look like TV sets for a few years now. The Samsung Serif series was a TV, built in collaboration with MoMA and the Bouroullec Brothers, where the set served as design object, a mid-century anchor point that shifted the TV from boring flat panel to conversation piece.
Its Frame series was even more successful, using a matte finish and wooden bezels to make a TV that could seamlessly shift from high-end art-display frame to something that let you watch the Knicks. (For pure aesthetes, I’d still recommend the Frame above all else — that matte finish makes it a TV that you could easily mistake for a piece of hanging art when not watching Netflix.)
Ambient Mode is part of a host of other innovations that Samsung is rolling out this year. There’s the catchily named “One Invisible Connection,” a slim cable that works as both power cord and HDMI cable, allowing you to hang your TV on the wall and have just a sliver of cord coming down, and tuck your nest of HDMI connections into a box up to 15 meters away. (No more boring holes in your wall to avoid that ugly kraken of cables snaking to your wall-mounted set.) There’s also a more general bundling of a lot of Samsung’s disparate smart-home options under the SmartThings app, which will live on your phone, your TV, and other Samsung devices.
If you know the difference between a nit and lumen, you can quibble visual fidelity of LG’s OLED panels versus Samsung’s QLED screens, but to my eyes, Samsung’s top-tier sets can stand toe-to-toe with what LG is putting out, and its entire QLED lineup, from the entry-level Q6 to the mid-tier Q7 and Q8, looks fantastic. Of course, none of this is cheap — a top-tier 65-inch Q9F set will set you back $3,800.
But Ambient Mode’s chameleon-esque ability to blend in with your wall is, for me, much more interesting than small differences in peak brightness or viewing angles. After the flat-panel TV debuted, TV-set design has largely remained the same. Sure, TVs have gotten thinner, slimmed down their side bezels, increased in screen size, gone 4K, and added HDR, but as a purely physical object, a turned-off TV made in 2008 looks a lot like a turned-off TV made in 2018. Ambient Mode represents a way forward, turning your TV into a part of your wall when not in use. It’s mostly just a simple magic trick, but it’s a good one; I wouldn’t mind seeing it performed in my own home.
On February 13, Google announced AMP for Email, an attempt to introduce some of the elements of its Accelerated Mobile Pages specification into email, putting the company’s high-performance web publishing system right inside the messages. Gmail will be the first email client to support these new features, which will give senders a way to deliver complex layouts and templates, interactive user actions, and dynamically updated content. That first implementation isn’t even ready yet, and yet already this is looking like a catastrophe. It should not be possible to design dramatic changes to our most widespread communication medium in secret and then deliver them in a surprise announcement! That completely misses the point of communicating.
AMP is a high-performance subset of established web technologies like JavaScript and HTML intended for mobile-first publishing. It was introduced by Google in 2015 as a somewhat more open competitor to Facebook’s embedded “Instant Articles” format; whereas Facebook renders third-party links right inside Facebook, Google created a zippy new quasi-standardized format for the rest of the web — and then took the additional aggressive step of serving them from google.com URLs and promoting AMP-formatted content in its search results. It has been met with suspicion, most famously by the the Register, which called it “bad in a potentially web-destroying way.” But it is certainly fast!
All this to what end? AMP for Email may be an extension of email, but it is not a meaningful extension of email. There are some slick new display options, simple actions that could be accomplished with a link, a bit of that strange dynamic content, and not much else. And yet this will require carving out a schism between AMP and non-AMP email, between compatible and incompatible apps and clients. Just about one of the silliest things you can possibly do to a communication medium is artificially bifurcate it.
To deal with email clients that don’t yet support the AMP for Email message format, the old plain-message format will be delivered alongside the newer version. Even beyond that inefficient redundancy, AMP for Email isn’t something that anybody will actually write directly because it uses specialized code. Generating the AMP messages will thus require new tooling and production systems, all of which will be completely divorced from the conversation flow of simple messaging, and will need to be replicated countless times over and built out on different platforms and devices. AMP implementation on the web has thus far proven to be a complete pain even for the biggest publishers in the world. AMP for Email now has an even longer road ahead with an arguably more stubborn audience. It is distinctly possible that we’ll never see authoring tools available in any mainstream email client for mobile devices.
The reception has been largely negative, and at times even hostile. The comments posted by developers under the announcement are so far almost uniformly negative. “AMP for email is a terrible idea,” crowed TechCrunch, in what Google’s search product now presents as the top result. Maybe it’s actually a terrible implementation of an okay idea. Or, even more charitably, maybe it is just half-baked: The specification is presented only haphazardly in an “issue” post on GitHub — essentially a bug report — and a week or so after AMP for Email was unveiled, AMP tech lead Malte Ubl was posting comments like, “There should be a wider discussion as to whether it is a good idea in email,” and “The next thing is to discuss the topic in the AMP design review,” and “Totally agree that the forwarding behavior needs to be nailed down.” In a more reasonable version of this process, those steps would have been taken before an announcement.
As used on the web, AMP restricts the broad scopes of web technologies until they are fast and efficient. The utility is less clear with email. Just consider the name of the product: “Accelerated Mobile Pages”… for email? AMP documents on the web are pages or even miniature interactive applications. Should we even be emailing pages and applications around at all? Dynamic content is a sort of bizarre concept for messages, the content of which could change after their receipt in ways that could undermine their utility or even their legal value. Richly formatted HTML email is widely loathed in comparison to plaintext messages, so this is a very strange horse to bet on. In contrast, the new Animoji feature on the iPhone X adds message interactivity in a trivial and superficial fashion, seemingly deliberately; upgrading the bones of email is a much bigger deal.
There’s a steep cost: In order to add interactivity, AMP for Email executes JavaScript code in the messages for the first time, creating an enormous new target for malicious hackers. Google’s engineering and security are nearly always best in class, and you can be sure that the various scripts required for AMP features will be vigorously protected, but this is email’s biggest new attack vector since file attachments began carrying viruses.
Most damning of all, AMP for the web is ostensibly solving a performance problem that simply doesn’t exist in the context of email. Bloated advertisements woven into the pages you want to see are a core part of the economy of the internet, and can kill your speed and battery life on mobile devices. In contrast, unexpected third-party ads in email messages aren’t a meaningful problem (outside of unsolicited spam, which is a substantially separate concern altogether). One of the fundamental miscalculations of AMP for Email is that it degrades the delivery speed of a medium in which nobody really likes rich-message content to begin with. AMP for the web was a faster subset of the standard web, but AMP for Email is a slower superset of standard email. The product name is a misnomer — it’s not accelerated at all!
Nonetheless, underneath its warts and the failure of process, AMP for Email still has the admirable goal of pushing our communication methods to evolve into something more sophisticated and powerful, possibly even more nuanced and expressive. The problem isn’t so much that AMP for Email is fundamentally a failure, exactly (although sure, maybe that, too), so much as that AMP for Email illustrates our failure to accomplish anything else in this space and the continued stagnancy of the most popular and widespread internet technology in history. AMP for Email is flawed and partisan and more than a little nonsensical, but it is also the deepest and best attempt to extend email in a very long time, because it is also the only attempt to extend email in a very long time.
And yet AMP for Email will probably fail, in part because it is not very good but also because most ideas fail in technology, in business, in the world. But the biggest flaw of AMP for Email is simply that it can’t reasonably be called version two of email. That isn’t Google’s fault — version two of email doesn’t exist anywhere else either. We aren’t even trying. That is such a profound moral failure that maybe technical failure was also inevitable. And so a lukewarm quasi-open standard pushed by a monopoly interest punts our indefensible collective apathy right into the next generation, deeply broken and silly and misguided but also, embarrassingly enough, still the best we say we can do. Watching something as important as AMP for Email land with a splat drives home the absurdity of the fact that in 2018 there’s still no equivalent to NASA for the internet — that is, some kind of well-funded public-interest research lab that could aggressively compete with the private tech sector in salaries and prestige. Instead, companies like Google get to decide how to build the future, and even how we will talk about the future before it gets here. One thing has already been made abundantly clear by the AMP for Email process: Even for Google, doing this properly is going to be a moon shot.
One optimistic view might be that AMP for Email is an attempt to open up functionality that already exists in Gmail — interpreting the links and other content of emails to present useful gadgets like package-delivery tracking — so it can be invoked more efficiently by senders without waiting until Google deems those functions worthy of special treatment. Skeptics will point out that Gmail has been the market leader in web mail for between 10 and 15 years, especially if you focus on personal use and ignore corporate and enterprise applications. If Gmail has become the dominant platform for email transactions, then AMP for Email could be considered a power play to create the new format, the unit of transaction being passed across an established open platform.
The New York Times did a real good goof earlier when it published a fact-check piece entitled “President Trump’s Exaggerated and Misleading Claims on Trade.” The story itself was fine save for one weird line, a quote from a different piece by Times reporter Jim Tankersley, which was supposed to read, “America’s trade deficit narrowed dramatically during the Great Recession, when national consumption faltered.” Except what the Times originally published was, “America’s trade deficit narrowed dramatically during the Time of Shedding and Cold Rocks, when national consumption faltered.” The Times later issued a correction, blaming the mistake on a “satirical text-swapping browser extension.”
Seems like an easy enough error to make, especially given the segment with the swap was a block quote of earlier reporting a.k.a. after copying and pasting the quote from a previously published piece one might not think they’d need to go back and copy edit that section. The Times’ update has also since been updated to note the specific extension. Anybody out there still using the “Millennials to Snake People” chrome extension, take note.
Emily Javier, a 30-year-old woman from Camas, Washington, has been charged with attempted murder after allegedly stabbing her boyfriend with a samurai sword because she believed he had cheated on her. Javier reportedly called the police after she thought she had killed him, “I was trying to kill him for cheating. That was my purpose,” The Columbian reports. Her boyfriend, Alex Lovell, was not actually dead and was later transported to a hospital where his condition was reported as critical on Monday. Javier said in her affidavit that she believed he was cheating because she found Tinder on his phone.
Over the last few days, Amazon Echo users have been complaining about Alexa, the voice-activated “assistant,” getting a little … creepy. Sometimes, she (it?) will laugh randomly. There are isolated reports of Echos activating mysteriously, and the effect is apparently unnerving.
On Reddit, in a thread about creepy Echo stories, one user shared, “I was trying to turn off some lights and they kept turning back on. After the third request, Alexa stopped responding and instead did an evil laugh. The laugh wasn’t in the Alexa voice. It sounded like a real person. My wife was there when it happened and she is the only person who can drop-in. I still get chills.”
There are a few explanations for the behavior depicted above. First of all, you can ask Alexa to laugh, so it’s possible that the mic used to pick up on commands is sensitive in a way that the program accidentally interprets as a request for laughter. As the Reddit user noted, “Turns out ‘patio off’ sounds like ‘how do you laugh’. She has about 3 or 4 laughs and happened to use the creepiest one.”
In the chain of nodes that power Alexa, there are a number of things that can fail — the microphone, the software processing the voice command, the smart-home devices that Alexa communicates with (such as the buggy lights), users who just don’t enunciate well enough.
Still, the idea of sentient Alexas secretly making fun of you is nice fodder for creepypasta online, so expect to see a lot more of these stories. In the meantime, just try to speak a little more clearly.
All Amazon has said on the matter is, “We’re aware of this and working to fix it.” The statement is vague enough that it should be interpreted more as an acknowledgment of scattered tweets and media reports rather than the company admitting that there’s a widespread issue.
The Alexa program is also built into countless third-party devices, like JBL speakers, and one user shared footage that shows the laugh activating automatically.
The incident happened last Friday night. Javier allegedly waited until Lovell was asleep before stabbing him. “Police said they found Lovell in the bedroom bleeding, with blood on the walls,” Fox 12 Oregon reports. Javier bought the sword last week and taped it to the side of her bed, along with several other knives. The couple had been living together for two years. Javier also said in her affidavit that Lovell “just sits at home all day playing video games and does not do anything to help.” She also claimed to have found red hair in the drain of their shower — Javier’s hair is brown with dyed green tips — and scratches on Lovell’s back.
During his keynote address at the Entertainment Finance Forum earlier this month, MoviePass CEO Mitch Lowe mentioned some things about the app — which is on track to have 5 million subscribers by the end of 2018 — that, uh, didn’t seem quite right. “We get an enormous amount of information,” Lowe said. “We watch how you drive from home to the movies. We watch where you go afterwards.” This seemed weird, given that MoviePass’s privacy policy said nothing about such location tracking: “MoviePass requires access to your location when selecting a theater. This is a single request for your location coordinates (longitude, latitude, and radius) and will only be used as a means to develop, improve and personalize the service.” On Wednesday, MoviePass announced that it released an updated version of its iOS app. This one won’t be able to track your location before and after you go to your movie.
Update: In an emailed statement, Amazon said:
The new app “removed unused app location capability,” according to the update notes in the Apple App Store. MoviePass also offered a statement about its location-tracking policies, though it was weirdly lacking in any sort of sentence apologizing for quietly tracking users without their consent for months. “Today, MoviePass released a new app update, including the removal of some unused app location capabilities. While part of our vision includes using location-based marketing to enhance the moviegoing experience for our members, we aren’t using some of that functionality today,” the statement said. “Our members will always have the option to choose the location-based services that are right for them today and in the future.” Feels a little hard to believe that those capabilities truly were unused, given that the company’s CEO was prattling on about watching users’ movements in great detail.
Over the last couple of weeks, an increasing number of users on social media have reported that their Amazon Echo devices are laughing, seemingly at them, at unexpected and unwanted times. Not a ton of people, but enough to gain some media attention, largely because it’s a fun story — the device reliant on artificial intelligence that is always listening to you developing the capacity to laugh at you to your face. It contains all of the ingredients for a minor tech panic, with ample opportunity for riffing, the kind you might see in a 60-second clip on the local news.
A day after the viral posts reached a fever pitch, Amazon produced a statement claiming that the problem was the Echo devices incorrectly hearing themselves being commanded to laugh. “We are disabling the short utterance ‘Alexa, laugh.’ We are also changing Alexa’s response from simply laughter to ‘Sure, I can laugh’ followed by laughter,” the company said in a statement.
To understand why this is important, think about how you might deal with a problem on a computer (or how the person who you call to deal with problems on your computer would deal with a problem on your computer). Maybe you’ll run diagnostic software, or take a look at the log files or activity monitor, or try to figure out which component is buggy and install a patch for it. Maybe you just turn it off and on again.
Yet even if we could poke around the internals of a smart speaker, there wouldn’t be much to find. The entire premise of the product line is that these devices are “cloud-enabled”; that they’re connected to the internet 24/7 and do very little computing locally. When you say “Alexa …” or “Okay, Google …” the speaker records what you say next and sends that audio to a remote server controlled by Amazon or Google, respectively. It is on that server that the audio is analyzed and the speaker figures out what you want, and then the response is sent back to the speaker on your living-room table.
Nearly all of a speaker’s ability to parse and respond to commands comes server-side. The only client-side computing a smart speaker performs is understanding when it hears the activation phrase (and other obvious functions like playing audio). In other words, if you were to look at the software in your Amazon Echo, you would likely find a small program whose only task is to figure out when you say the name “Alexa.”
You can do none of these things with smart speakers (save for turning it off and on). Much of this is attributable to the fact that these devices are “headless” — they operate without a screen or inputs such as a mouse and keyboard. It’s very difficult to diagnose problems when you literally cannot see how the computer is processing information.
The story of Amazon devices laughing at users is easily taken as a parable about our anxiety over increasingly sophisticated consumer-facing artificial intelligence, or maybe an object lesson in bad user design. But there’s another warning to pay attention to. The laughing Alexas lay bare, more than ever, the need for transparency from the companies that make these devices, whether that company is Amazon (Alexa), or Google (the Assistant), or Apple (Siri), or Microsoft (Cortana). The problem with smart speakers is that they are, for reasons both incidental and intentional, almost impossible to troubleshoot.
This is a remarkable shift in how we interact with technology. Rather than installing apps, and maintaining software versions, all of the maintenance and upgrades are performed remotely on servers outside of your control. The ease of use explains why the devices are so popular — talk to it like you would a person, rather than tapping and clicking through menu interfaces. But it also means that you are at the whim of these companies. They can make any change, at any time, and you are powerless to stop them. When you buy a smart speaker, what you are really buying is an umbilical cord that ties you to a technology monolith.
To illustrate how useless these devices are without a server connection, consider this: If your Google Home or Alexa speaker loses connection to the internet, any alarm you set on them will not go off (I know this from personal experience). These things cannot even function as a clock without access to the mother ship. Maybe “cannot function” is the wrong term — surely these devices have the basic components to act as an alarm clock locally, and keep time even when they lose internet access. Yet they are intentionally designed to cease function entirely.
Smart speakers are made to get you used to the idea that you literally cannot function without these large companies. They are the only services capable of running your alarm clock, or playing music for you. So when your Amazon Echo starts laughing at you, there is something slightly nefarious at play: complete helplessness. There is nothing you can do to fix it.
The tech industry, centralized around a handful of gargantuan companies, has moved far away from openness to a model of “walled gardens,” platforms that give users a modicum of control, not nearly as much as they used to. On the one end is your standard personal computer or laptop, which you can tinker with and monitor as you see fit. Somewhere in the middle is the smartphone, whose operating system is overseen by a gatekeeper who often gets to decide what software you can and can’t run on the device. On the other end is the smart speaker, a black box of voice parsing and artificial intelligence powered by software that only its developers in Silicon Valley really understand. Moving consumers toward the smart-speaker end of the spectrum is the long game.
Whenever you connect a Wi-Fi light bulb to your smart speaker, or link another product to it, you are assembling a powerful program that can control many different parts of your digital identity (and your home!) on a computer that you don’t own and can’t access. No wonder Alexa is laughing at you.
You’ll just have to take its explanation of misheard commands at face value: None of the processing is done client-side, there is no way for third parties to look at how Alexa devices really work, to poke around in the guts and discover causes and effects.
Much of what spurs the spread of fake news is novelty (for instance, the infamous fake news story about the Pope endorsing Trump). “We found that false news was more novel than true news, which suggests that people were more likely to share novel information. Whereas false stories inspired fear, disgust, and surprise in replies, true stories inspired anticipation, sadness, joy, and trust,” the researchers, Soroush Vosoughi, Deb Roy, and Sinan Aral write. Put another way, humans love clickbait, they love to be surprised, but they are also prone to things that validate their fears.
In one of the largest studies of its kind, MIT researchers examining thousands of fake news stories going back a decade on Twitter have determined that fake news is more likely to spread across the social network than factual information. “Duh,” you said, but the statistics might be even worse than expected.
The study highlights that fake news is, at its core, a problem with human nature and our worst impulses, giving in to base instincts and confirmation bias. But understanding that human judgment is flawed and shrugging is a very “guns don’t kill people, people kill people” sort of argument. Social networks like Twitter amplify and spread fake news, and their business models are predicated not on providing accurate information, but on pumping up engagement. A fake story with 1,000 likes is worth a lot more to social networks than a true story with 30.
That’s … not great! “Maybe it’s the bots!” I have bad news: It’s not the bots. Adjusting for automated accounts didn’t change the frequency with which false news completely dominated the ecosystem. Which is not to say that bots don’t matter going forward, but to say that in a data set spanning from Twitter’s inception in 2006 to the end of 2016, bots did not skew the propensity for fake news across the social network.
As the New York Times summarizes:
One could also make the argument that trying to unite millions of people into a single ecosystem where content and ideas bleed across barriers assisted by algorithmic amplification rather than human intent is pushing past the limits of human nature and impulse. Maybe social networks like Twitter and Facebook and the like are simply too big, and their inhabitants too closely linked, to safely handle the flow of information.
“The key takeaway is really that content that arouses strong emotions spreads farther, faster, more deeply, and more broadly on Twitter,” professor of political science Rebekah Tromble told The Atlantic.
Should POTUS be blocking people on Twitter? Probably not, Manhattan federal judge Naomi Reice Buchwald recommended on Thursday. The case was brought before Judge Buchwald by the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University, which is representing seven people who have been blocked — meaning they cannot see his Twitter profile or his tweets — by Donald Trump. Specifically his personal account, @realDonaldTrump. “Isn’t the answer he just mutes the person he finds personally offensive?” the judge said, according to the Associated Press. “He can avoid hearing them by muting them.”
Why, yes, your honor. That would be correct. That is also what truly anybody who has ever used Twitter could have told Donald Trump. It’s usually better, and less dramatic, to just mute somebody you’re beefing with on Twitter, rather than going for the full-on middle finger that is the Twitter block. Obviously, there are cases — harassment and violent threats against women to name a few — where blocking is absolutely the move. That is not the case with the accounts Trump has blocked from viewing his account.
Judge Buchwald’s recommendation is just that … a recommendation. Lawyers for both sides of the case will now decide if a deal can be reached based on this week’s recommendation. Buchwald warned that if she is forced to make a ruling on the case, one side — or both — could end up unhappy. “If there’s a settlement, that serves the interests of all parties. It’s often considered the wisest way to go,” she said. Meaning Trump could end up having to unblock those seven people if the case goes their way and the judge rules that Trump blocking citizens is a violation of the First Amendment.
It’s International Women’s Day! A lovely, very real holiday where we celebrate women by using them for viral, opportunistic marketing campaigns. (McDonald’s flipping its M to a W takes first place this year!) In case you haven’t checked the calendar, today is March 8. International Women’s Day is March 8. March 8: The one day of the entire dang year devoted — however bogusly — to women. Let women have this. Do not be like the large number of schmucks who spent today Googling to find out what day of the year is International Men’s Day. Or the large number of schmucks who spent last International Women’s Day Googling to find out about International Men’s Day. Or any of the schmucks who did it in the years before that. Google Trends, unsurprisingly, shows a spike in searches for “International Men’s Day” on March 8 each year. By comparison, there are significantly fewer searches for the term on its given date.
I’m not going to validate these searches by telling you when International Men’s Day — a likewise made-up holiday, which, unlike International Women’s Day, definitely didn’t need to be made up — falls on the calendar. You can Google it. Everybody else is.
I’ve spent the past week with the Samsung Galaxy S9, the latest flagship phone from Samsung and available March 16, at $700 for the S9 and $830 for the S9+. In the market for a phone? Here are the questions you should be pondering before you lay out your money.
If you’ve been in the Apple ecosystem for years, you’ve likely got hundreds or even thousands of dollars invested in apps and various services like iCloud. The Galaxy S9 will do nothing to ease the sunk cost there — and paying again for actually useful apps like Dark Sky on Android is grating. More importantly, if you live your life in iOS Messages, you’re going to need to stay on iPhone, period. Apple holds all the cards here, and there’s nothing the S9 offers that makes it compelling enough to jump if you’re happy with the iPhone.
Still, it works. Here’s a shot from my very dim basement, taken with the S9+, the Pixel 2, and the iPhone X, respectively, where the S9+ picks up more detail with less grain:
Samsung’s big push this year is the camera. On both the S9 and the S9+, that means you rear dual-pixel camera shooting at 12 megapixels with autofocus and optical image stabilization. What phone nerds will love, however, is that the S9’s main rear shooter features a mechanical aperture that lets it shift from a f/1.5 (lets in a lot of light) to f/2.4 (lets in a little less for bright daylight scenes). It’s fun to watch the little aperture open and close a few times, and you can shift the aperture back and forth in a Pro shooting mode. You’ll quickly notice, however, if you use Auto mode (which I imagine 99 percent of users will) that the camera mainly sits at the f/1.5 setting and uses a low ISO to soak up as much light (and detail) as possible.
The iPhone X shot is slightly warmer, and the Pixel 2 shot looks “better” in some ways thanks to some software post-processing, while the S9+ probably comes closest to reproducing the actual colors of the scene. All of these smartphone cameras are taking really great pictures — it’s largely a matter of taste.
There’s also a “Super Slow Mo” option, which lets the phone take 960 frames per second slow-motion video for about 0.2 seconds real time. It lets you do some really lovely stuff, like this shot I got during a snowstorm:
Finally, there’s some “Visual AR” meant mainly to compete with the iPhone X’s very cool Animoji. But the S9 doesn’t sport all of Apple’s front-facing IR face-mapping wizardry, and tries to get by on pure visual AI. It’s semi-impressive how far they get, but the ersatz Animoji just lack the expressiveness and 1:1 fluidity that makes Animoji the first thing you show off when handing around an iPhone X. There’s also the ability to create your own AR avatar, which falls very, very far on the wrong side of the uncanny valley — I got some weird Sims 4 version of myself maniacally grinning back at me, and felt somehow like I was being mocked.
If you use your phone to take a lot of photos, the S9 will serve you well for nearly everything. (The camera rating site DxOMark gave it its highest score ever, and goes into a lot more detail about how the camera succeeds and fails.) But some of the gimmicks you’ll likely see in advertisements for the S9 are just that: gimmicks.
But the short real-time duration of when that 960 frames per second slo-mo kicks in makes for a frustrating experience. It’s hard to tap the button manually at just the right moment, and unlike with more traditional slo-mo, you only get one shot — you can’t go and stretch out different parts of the video into slo-mo. There’s an auto feature that is supposed to trigger as soon as there’s motion in a specific part of the viewfinder (think: someone jumping into a pool), but I found it difficult to use in action — it usually kicked in before the real action occurred, and snapped back out of slo-mo when what I wanted to capture was actually occurring. The video itself is also a bit grainy in any sort of low light and only 720 in a world where anything under 1080 video starts to look a little weird and dated.
Do you burn through whole seasons of shows on your phone, or play a ton of mobile games? Or do you mainly use it to flip through social media, texting, and not much more? The S9 has the best screen of any smartphone I’ve used, including the iPhone X — which shouldn’t be surprising, since even the iPhone X’s screen is made by a different wing of Samsung. By default, the AMOLED screen is set to to display in 1080, but you can kick that up to 1440 in the screen settings (though it’ll drain battery slightly faster if you are burning through a season of something on your phone). Especially after the issues the Pixel 2 and LG V30 suffered with their POLED screens, the difference is especially noticeable, and if you do watch a lot of Netflix on your phone, it’s going to look the best on an S9.
The big difference between the S9 and the S9+ is now a lot like what you see on Apple’s side of the fence: dual lens cameras on the larger phone, and a single lens on the smaller. The dual-lens allows for a few neato effects, but its main use is as a telephoto lens — you can get a little bit of optical zoom in before using digital zoom. The big improvements in the cameras carry over to both models, so the dual lens, much like the S9+’s larger screen, is a nice-to-have, not a need-to-have. I also found the glass-backed S9+ pretty slippery without a case. If you find larger phones a pain to hold, get the S9 — you’re not missing much compared to the S9+.
Congrats. You have a really nice phone, and while the S9 is also a very nice phone, there’s no reason to upgrade a year later.
Samsung’s voice AI assistant Bixby has improved since its ignominious debut, mainly as a way to quickly interact with your phone. I found myself using it for things like turning the S9 into a mobile hotspot or quickly sharing photos, but unless you’re constantly digging deep into the menus of your settings, that’s where the utility ends. There’s some visual AI stuff, like auto-translating text or estimating the calorie count of food you’re pointing your camera at, that I found spotty to use in the real world. And there’re still some really, really dumb parts of Bixby. Swiping left brings up Samsung’s version of Google Now, powered by Bixby, but by default it is full of crap like random Samsung themes and Flipboard stories, with none of the relevancy you get from Google Now. There’s some extremely weird and patronizing idea where you gain “experience points” for using Bixby in order to “level up” and gain cool stuff like, uh, Bixby voice backgrounds? And Bixby gets a dedicated button below the volume rocker at a time when physical buttons on phones are rapidly disappearing. Third-party apps like bxActions let you remap the button to more useful stuff, like getting at the very nice camera or just opening Google Assistant.
If your skin crawls at the idea of using the Nougat OS in 2018, you’ll be relieved to know that the S9 ships running Android Oreo 8.0. But while Samsung has gotten better about attempting to hijack Android into a Samsung Experience, it still ships with a ton of apps that are essentially “Google apps, but Samsung.” While Samsung’s native browser is okay, other stuff, like a Galaxy App Store that’s meant to somehow compete with the Google Play Store can (and should) be quickly thrown away. There are compelling reasons for Samsung to add this stuff to their phones — but there are none for you as a customer to use them. You can shift most of this back to stock Android pretty easily, but it’s a pain to do so. And while the S9 ships with a current version of Android, it historically is bad about keeping current with Android updates — S8 owners are only getting a six-month-old Oreo update now.
First of all, I would say nobody should care about an AI assistant — there isn’t one on the market that’s so compelling as to make that smartphone the obvious choice, even if Google’s Assistant is currently running circles around everyone else’s.
After bouncing around from a Pixel 2, an iPhone X, and an iPhone 8 for the past eight months (the extremely glamorous life of a gadget reviewer!), one of the greatest pleasures of the S9 is one of the simplest: it still has a 3.5-mm headphone jack. I’ve largely acclimated to the ideas of charging up headphones and that wireless headphones will sometimes cut out badly when I step onto city streets or a big open and crowded space, but, man, it is nice to be able to just plug in a pair of decent headphones and go. The S9 comes pre-packaged with a pair of AKG earbuds that are already a huge step up on what most flagship phones ship with. No matter what Apple, Google, LG, or a host of other competitors put out, the best flagship phone that ships in 2018 with a headphone jack will be the S9. If that matters to you — and I found out it mattered a lot to me — buy this phone.
If you’re happy on your recently purchased iPhone, or are just locked in enough to Messages and other iOS features that leaving would be a pain in the ass, there hasn’t been an Android phone yet that can make up for losing that. But if you’re rocking an iPhone 6 or older and are leery of where Apple is headed, I would highly recommend at least playing around with an S9 when you pass by a local carrier store or find yourself at a big-box electronics store.
If you’ve been on the Samsung Galaxy train for a bit but missed last year’s S8 upgrade, the S9 proves out the value of patience. Upgrade with confidence; you probably already know how to get around the parts of Samsung that aren’t great (the software) and appreciate what is (the hardware). And if you just need a very good smartphone and don’t care as much about the camera, I get the feeling you’ll be able to pick up a Samsung Galaxy S8 for relatively cheap in the near future.
The Samsung Galaxy S9 is the best Android smartphone I’ve used. If you’re in the market for a flagship phone, want a great camera, like headphone jacks, are okay with using Android, and don’t mind shifting around some extra Samsung bloatware, the Galaxy S9 is a great purchase. I just so happen to be in the center of that particular Venn diagram, so I’ll be picking one up for myself.
The hardest choice probably comes down to those who bought in with a new phone within the last year — it’s easy to recommend an upgrade if you’re limping along on a four-year old Galaxy S6, but there’s no real reason for anyone to jump from a Pixel 2 or last year’s S8, and I’d probably hesitate if you’re happy on a something like the original Pixel.
That said, if you’re thinking of switching, you’re likely unsatisfied with where the iPhone is headed, whether it’s the lack of a headphone jack, the loss of the home button without a great replacement, or just the general rise in cost. There’s never going to be a perfect time to jump ship. Sunk costs are sunk costs. The S9 will be the year’s most popular Android phone for a good reason: They make very, very good flagship phones while managing to keep the price somewhat in the realm of reasonable.
In standard daylight shooting, I found the S9 to take extremely solid photos. That said, when it comes to comparing the top three phones — the Pixel 2, the S9, and the iPhone X, it’s a difference of degree, not kind. Here’s a shot from my kitchen, taken on the S9+, the Pixel 2, and the iPhone X.
In a Periscope stream yesterday, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey expressed an interest in offering up verification to all of its users, not just the ones it deems important. According to the Verge, Dorsey remarked, “The intention is to open verification to everyone, and to do it in a way that’s scalable, where [Twitter] is not in the way and people can verify more facts about themselves and we don’t have to be the judge or imply any bias on our part.”
Opening verification has the potential to shift the way that users understand Twitter, and mitigate some of the problems on the platform. As fears of political propaganda and Russian sock puppets hang over the platform, verifying everyone — not just newsmakers and media members — could help resurrect the marker’s initial purpose: that this user is who they claim to be. By withholding verification under some arbitrary measure of “importance,” Twitter implied that verified users were important. That needs to go.
As we wrote nearly two years ago, when Twitter allowed any user to request a verified badge, “Haters are gonna hate, and harassers will harass, after all, but they tend to hate a lot less when their legal and Google-able name is attached to what they say. And by simply expanding an already in-use program, users who want to be anonymous will still be able to use the service — just without automatic direct access to everyone else.” Anonymity can still remain on Twitter, but by verifying more people, Twitter might be able to stop dubious accounts from driving activity on the social network.
Verification initially started to curb the rash of accounts impersonating celebrities that briefly dominated early Twitter. Soon, however, it was opened up to members of the media and creators, taking on a connotation that verified users could be trusted. In effect, verification signaled not just that a user was who they claimed to be, but also that what they said could be trusted, and that Twitter supported what they said. That’s why Twitter’s decision to verify white supremacists like Unite the Right rally organizer Jason Kessler has been contentious.
Yesterday, the president of the United States, Donald Drumpf, met with members of the video-game industry and its critics as part of a smoke-screen effort to blame mass shootings on anything besides the obscene proliferation of firearms in this country. Like pretty much every meeting Trump has with the business world, it was mostly uneventful. Kotaku reports that the hour-long meeting ended “without any sort of conclusive outcome.”
The White House said:
The meeting ended with pretty much every party, save for the actual game makers, releasing unsurprising statements that reiterate their stance.
While the ESA said, via Kotaku:
So, not a whole lot going on here.
Perhaps the oddest part of the whole interaction was a compilation of violent clips compiled straight from YouTube. The segment included clips from Wolfenstein, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 (including the infamous “No Russian” level), Fallout 4, and Dead by Daylight.
Some users encouraged the gamer to file a copyright takedown notice against the government.
The Dead by Daylight clips came from a user named Dat360NoScope, which means that President Trump watched a YouTube kills compilation made by Dat360NoScope (a “360 no scope” refers to spinning around 360 degrees and shooting an opponent with a sniper rifle without the aid of the gun’s scope).
Going forward, you probably won’t see any effort by the government to regulate video games, which fall under First Amendment protections. “The president encouraged [game developers] to explore things they can do on their own to make things healthier in society,” Media Research Center president Brent Bozell told the Verge, “and that’s where it was left.”
In attendance were executives from the industry and its governing body, the Electronic Software Association. Strauss Zelnick, CEO of Grand Theft Auto maker Take-Two Interactive was in attendance, as was Robert Altman, the CEO of Fallout maker ZeniMax (Trump’s brother sits on ZeniMax’s board). On the other side of the table were reps from anti–video game organizations like the Parents Television Council and the Media Research Center. Also in attendance were Senator Marco Rubio and Representatives Vicky Hartzler and Martha Roby, all Republicans.
You know who might not be happy about this, though? Truck drivers! “Trucking is a vital part of the American economy,” Waymo admits. So vital in fact that there were 1.8 million truckers in 2016. Wonder where they’ll all go. Actually … don’t think about that too hard. Just concentrate on how cool a self-driving truck sounds.
This morning, Waymo (the self-driving subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet) announced that it would be conducting a pilot program for self-driving trucks in Georgia. The trucks hitting the road will help out with Google’s logistical operations in the region, putting to use a huge amount of data from previous autonomous-driving experiments.
Anyhow, if you see a bright-blue Waymo truck on the road in Atlanta, take a look at whether anyone’s driving it. And if you see the truck barreling straight at you and ignoring traffic lights, maybe get out of the way!
“Our engineers and AI experts are leveraging the same 5 million miles we’ve already self-driven on public roads, plus the 5 billion miles we’ve driven in simulation. In short, our near-decade of experience with passenger vehicles has given us a head start in trucking,” the announcement post states. That’s cool; I’ve driven 6 billion miles in simulation but Google’s work is pretty impressive too.
On my commute this morning, reading news on my phone, I came across a story about new forensic analysis indicating bones found on Nikumaroro Island in the Pacific Ocean are likely those of Amelia Earhart. Curious about the geography of the legendary pilot’s final resting place, I immediately opened Google Maps to give the island a little virtual tour, and learned a few eye-opening things about this remote island. To start with, “remote” is somewhat of an understatement: Nikumaroro Island is roughly 2,000 miles away from the closest continents (Australia and New Zealand) and hundreds of miles away from neighboring islands. (Earhart never stood a chance.) It’s about six kilometers long and two kilometers wide, and has no permanent inhabitants.
Another fact about Nikumaroro Island is that it has a 3.8-star review on Google. “Just heard about Earhart,” reads the first review, by an “SM shariff.” “Now I want to go there. Looks like a good place to live free. Grow your on [sic] food & do some fishing. No taxes or other stuff to worry about… who’s [sic] in. We must colonize the place.” A slightly more upbeat “Henry Kreiser” gives the island five stars and writes, “Came here for the Justin Bieber concert official after-party, at which the man himself was schedule to DJ. Apparently, he got stuck in traffic. Nonetheless, we had a fantastic time. The locally sourced bone broth is to die for.” Good one, Henry.
What possesses someone to write a review of the Bermuda Triangle? Boredom? Confusion? A technological error? I don’t know that I can answer that, but in the meantime, here’s how other natural phenomena rank among Google Maps users:
You know what else has a 3.8-star review on Google Maps? The Bermuda Triangle! The Bermuda Triangle, which, as of writing this had a whopping 5,157 reviews, seems to be home to a lot of nice aliens and poor Wi-Fi. “Great place,” writes Domenic Ellis, giving the place five stars. “When my plane crashed there the radiation made my balls 10lbs bigger. Highly suggest bringing your son [or] your grandson here!” Less generously, Aiden Nichols gives the triangle three stars, writing, “I feared for my life and that of my pet cuckoo bird named Pablo.”
Mid-Atlantic Ridge, 3.1 Stars, 49 Reviews
Ross Ice Shelf, 4.4 Stars, 14 Reviews
Chicxulub Crater, 3.8 Stars, 20 Reviews
Bering Strait, 4 Stars, 173 Reviews
Filed under: how to waste an entire Friday. Lauren (my boss), if you’re reading this: please forgive me.
If you opened up Instagram this weekend to post something to your story and despite all your tapping couldn’t get the GIF stickers to work, you weren’t alone. Instagram suspended the feature after users uncovered a racist GIF in the library of GIFs available to users. (Instagram uses the GIF library Giphy to provide GIFs to users.) The GIF was first uncovered on Snapchat, which also recently added a Giphy integration. Both platforms have since temporarily pulled GIF stickers and are conducting a formal review.
The GIF in question appeared when users searched for “crime” in the GIF database. It read “Nigger Crime Death Counter — Keep Cranking Bonzo, the Numbers Just Keep on Climbing!” and showed a white man holding a microphone directing a gorilla turning a crank.
After suspending the GIF feature, statements from both Instagram and Snapchat said the companies were waiting for Giphy to conduct a review and figure out where things went wrong. The company told Tech Crunch the racist GIF was the result of a bug. “After investigation of the incident, this sticker was available due to a bug in our content moderation filters specifically affecting GIF stickers,” a spokesperson said. “We have fixed the bug and have re-moderated all of the GIF stickers in our library.” The company also apologized and said it is hand-checking its entire GIF library. Once that’s done you’ll be able to go back to adding GIFs to your stories.
Over the weekend, Twitter suspended some of its most popular accounts, some of which had millions of followers, for violating rules regarding spam. Those accounts include “@Dory, @GirlPosts, @SoDamnTrue, Girl Code/@reiatabie, Common White Girl/@commonwhitegiri, @teenagernotes, @finah, @holyfag, and @memeprovider,” according to BuzzFeed.
The reason for the suspension is apparently the tweetdecking scheme (Twitter’s rules prohibit artificially inflating engagement by, for instance, selling retweets from accounts with millions of followers), though that punishment may be lifted a some point.
Still, the accounts had heavy followings, for the same reason that people like the Fat Jew and @fuckjerry have large followings on Instagram: They take all of the work out of finding funny posts online by stealing them and putting them all under one account. Normies (people with fulfilling lives outside of the internet) love them.
Until then, many of the tweetdeckers’ detractors are celebrating their comeuppance.
Not coincidentally, these are also some of the worst accounts on the damn site (barring, you know, the literal Nazis). The accounts have long been known for copying and stealing tweets from other users, leveraging their already large fan bases to bury the original creators. More recently, BuzzFeed reported on a scheme known as “tweetdecking,” in which the large accounts would charge smaller users to retweet their stuff, creating an ouroboros of lowest-common-denominator viral content. @Dory, for instance, was an account that I guess tried to role-play as the amnesiac fish from Finding Nemo until they just started role-playing as a teenager for some reason?
Today, the World Wide Web turns 29, and to celebrate the occasion, Berners-Lee wrote an open letter about how messed up the web is right now. A primary issue is centralization. “The web that many connected to years ago is not what new users will find today,” he writes. “What was once a rich selection of blogs and websites has been compressed under the powerful weight of a few dominant platforms. This concentration of power creates a new set of gatekeepers, allowing a handful of platforms to control which ideas and opinions are seen and shared.”
Tim Berners-Lee is a pretty important guy. Working at CERN in the late ’80s and early ’90s, he invented this thing called the World Wide Web. Odds are that right now, you’re reading this blog post on the World Wide Web, using a piece of software known as a web browser. The point is, when Berners-Lee has something to say, it’s probably a good idea to listen.
How have these dominant platforms locked in their success? “They acquire start-up challengers, buy up new innovations and hire the industry’s top talent. Add to this the competitive advantage that their user data gives them and we can expect the next 20 years to be far less innovative than the last.”
Anyway, the web’s not so great right now. Can we make it better? Berners-Lee thinks so — all we need is some sort of Internet Avengers team. “Let’s assemble the brightest minds from business, technology, government, civil society, the arts and academia to tackle the threats to the web’s future.” Okay, let’s go!
Sounds bad (imo)! To fix this problem, a stagnation in the industry that has made the web a worse place, Berners-Lee breaks out the R word: regulation. We need “a legal or regulatory framework that accounts for social objectives,” rather than just ensuring that businesses have the ability to generate profit. The current regulatory framework of the United States, for instance, is focused on a consumer’s financial benefit and it ill-equipped to handle companies such as Facebook that provide free services.
Over the last few months, police in Lancashire, England, have been broadcasting briefings to citizens via Amazon Echo. If reviews of the service — which is a downloadable Amazon Echo skill — on Amazon are to be believed, the good people on Lancashire are fans. Well, at least the seven who bothered to post reviews. Daily updates include crime reports, photos of missing persons, photos of wanted persons, and safety alerts.
The daily briefing was, as reported by Gizmodo earlier this year, part of a test scheduled to end in March. Rob Flanagan, head of innovation for Lancashire Police, told Gizmodo that he hoped to use the data collected from the three-month test to convince other police units to implement similar programs. Briefings, however, could be just the beginning. The Intercept reports that the next phase for Lancashire, anticipated by the end of 2018, would be an Alexa skill that allows users to report crimes through their smart speakers. Also, a separate skill would allow police to access internal data — “The cop [would] be able to say ‘Give me the warrant details for Joe Blocks,’ and then it would read back that person’s warrant and details and send the information to the officer’s mobile device” — via Alexa. Which, obviously, raises a whole bunch of privacy concerns. In case that time Alexa overheard a murder and Amazon was asked to surrender the audio files — the defendant ultimately agreed to turn over the data of his own accord — didn’t have you worried enough already.
It’s been a little while since Jake Paul announced he’d be deviating from his daily vlog lifestyle and devoting his time and energy to “taking some time to go and help some people.” Today, Paul returned from his two-week break with a 22-minute-long video confirming everyone’s suspicions as to where he’s been since then: Parkland, Florida.
The video starts with Paul discussing how he wanted to “figure out what needs to be done” and then “give that message to as many people as I possibly can.” (Wedged in there is an animated graphic letting you know the video was produced by a company called Vybe Source. Tasteful.)
The video wraps with Paul pledging $25,000 “to help be a part of this cause.” He gives no other details on what that entails or where that money is going. Paul also plugs the March for Our Lives event happening later this month in Washington, D.C., and says he’ll be funding two buses to travel to the event. The final minutes of the video are devoted to showing photos of the victims, followed by another credit to Vybe Source. There’s a note in Paul’s description letting everybody know the video isn’t monetized. If you’ve read this far, you really don’t need to watch the video. Even if Paul isn’t getting paid for it, don’t give him the clicks on this one.
Then comes the senator. Paul and Rubio have a Skype conversation about eight minutes — yes, we’re only at eight minutes — into the video. It’s a corker: “People think passing laws is super easy,” Paul tells Rubio. “Can you explain some of the struggles around passing laws?” Rubio explains he likes to work on “things we agree on … let’s do those things first” and work from there to more divisive issues. He says that a major thing he learned from Parkland is that school shooters are “generally someone over a couple years has been getting worse and worse.” “We have to be better at identifying who these people are way ahead of time.” Rubio says. The two men do not discuss any sort of gun-control legislation.
Paul says he’s been given “a ton of information,” and that he’s “walked away with about five big things.” One: bulletproof windows. “Every family talked about having bulletproof windows inside on the doors.” Two: school resource officers. Paul says Parkland, a school with over 3,000 students, had only one resource officer to keep an eye on things. Three: social media. “I know on Instagram if a girl posts a picture with her nipples out it automatically gets flagged and removed,” Paul says. “Why can’t we have the same technology with a kid taking a selfie with a handgun.” Four: bulletproof shields. This one is exactly what it sounds like. Paul suggests kids be equipped with bulletproof shields shaped to fit into the laptop slot of a backpack. Five: checkpoints. Paul says Parkland was an open campus which made it easier for Nikolas Cruz to enter the premises with a gun. He says nothing about gun control or gun reform.
Later, Paul has a tearful one-on-one with Blank’s mother, Melissa, who thanks him for speaking with her son. “It was the best therapy for my son. When I heard him speak to you … he hasn’t spoken to anybody,” she says. “You didn’t have an agenda. You cared.”
Paul’s latest video, given the ambitious title “It’s Time to End School Shootings,” centers around the Valentine’s Day shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, which killed 17 students and staff members. It’s similar in tone to the suicide-prevention PSA recently posted by his brother Logan, which Logan posted as penance for vlogging a dead body hanging from a tree at the beginning of 2018. (What a year it’s been for the Paul family!)
In the video, Paul talks to survivors and their families, local law enforcement, and Marco Rubio. (“Hey, what’s up, man?” Paul says to the sitting U.S. senator.) It features a lot of soft lighting, soft speaking, soft music, and not a whole lot of useful intel on how people, Paul included, can make good on the video’s title. (Apropos of, well, everything, now seems like a good time to mention Paul has a large automatic rifle tattooed on his thigh. It is decorated with the Gucci logo.)
Next, we see him interviewing survivors Jonathan “JB” Blank and his mother. “I just want to become homies with him and just be there for him,” Paul says on the way to the interview. Blank and Paul discuss the shooting in graphic detail. Blank was laying on the floor in one of the viral cell-phone camera videos from the shooting and noted you can see his sneakers in the clips. Two of his classmates were killed in that room and another two were injured. “One-hundred percent of the kids in my class would have been saved if the bulletproof glass had been put in,” Blank told Paul.
Paul and his girlfriend, fellow YouTuber Erika Costell, speak with several other survivors throughout the course of the video. As has become a hallmark of the Parkland kids in the wake of the shooting, it’s striking how eloquently and candidly they are able to speak about their trauma. “We’re doing things we wouldn’t have done if it wasn’t our school,” Ethan Rocha told Paul after discussing his friend Luke who was killed. “We regret not helping those other students at those other schools.”
Investigators from the United Nations are currently looking into a potential — the investigators recently said they are “becoming more convinced” that a genocide occurred — genocide in Myanmar that happened between October 2016 and August 2017. Since then, hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar, a Buddhist-majority nation, in an attempt to escape the violence, murder, and rape reportedly being perpetrated by the country’s military. Investigators also found that a certain social-media platform — it rhymes with lace hook — had a hand in helping spread hate speech in Myanmar and fuel unrest.
“It has … substantively contributed to the level of acrimony and dissension and conflict, if you will, within the public. Hate speech is certainly of course a part of that. As far as the Myanmar situation is concerned, social media is Facebook, and Facebook is social media,” Marzuki Darusman, chairman of the U.N. Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar said, Reuters reports. At the end of February, Facebook removed the page of Myanmar monk Wirathu. Known as the “Burmese bin Laden,” Wirathu frequently used his Facebook page to preach hatred toward and spread rumors about Muslims. Yanghee Lee, another one of the investigators, said she fears that Facebook, despite all the good it has done for connecting people in Myanmar, has become “a beast.” “Everything is done through Facebook in Myanmar,” she said.
There’s a particular and common species of criticism of Silicon Valley, in which someone points out that a supposedly “disruptive” tech-industry innovation is really just a slight brand refresh of something that has been around all along. For instance, last June, the ride-hailing app Lyft announced a new type of service on which users “[r]ide for a low fixed fare along convenient routes, with no surprise stops.” As many observed, this brand-new product from one of Silicon Valley’s leading consumer companies is … a bus. They invented a bus. Lyft has iterated upon an idea that, relative to human history, was only slightly newer than the invention of the wheel.
The response to this kind of criticism is generally to insist that the supposedly new invention is, in fact, in ways the average consumer or critic can’t understand, groundbreaking. Or that the new development is self-evidently groundbreaking and it’s the critics with heads buried in the sand who simply refuse to recognize it. Here’s a particularly glib example, from venture capitalist Benedict Evans.
But is he right because we’re all bitter and jealous, or is he right because, well, it’s hard to imagine a situation in which Silicon Valley, as it’s currently arranged, would create a cure for cancer without a host of drawbacks, catches, and problems? Here is how the largest and most successful tech companies in America are currently doing business: hoarding cash, crafting accounting schemes to avoid paying taxes, and making money off of users who see little in return.
Will the cancer cure be sold at an obscene markup, like most cutting-edge technology, available only to those who can afford it? If you just wait a year or two, maybe the old cancer cure will fall within your price range.
Will the cancer cure be given out for free in exchange for an intrusive amount of health data that the company can then use to serve up ads targeted at cancer survivors and their blood relatives? And then when the company gets criticized for distributing bad cancer cures, will they put up smoke screens and spend months denying a problem that people have already proven runs rampant?
Will the cancer cure only be available to its most popular users, just as all but the most popular YouTubers have trouble monetizing their work? “Hey, folks, if you’d like me to keep on living, make sure to like, comment, and subscribe.”
Will the cancer cure be available exclusively to people willing to pay $100 a year for a cancer-cure membership? Will the workers who run around putting cancer cures into boxes to ship to customers be eligible to receive the cancer cure?
The current, and dubious, model that most tech-industry businesses are pursuing is the exchange of services for either user data or subscription fees. Now imagine if someone with that mind-set developed a cure for cancer. Sounds like a bad situation for everyone who doesn’t own the cancer cure!
But Silicon Valley loves open-source stuff — code and design that is freely available to use and iterate on, right? But would any of these companies make pivotal trade secrets akin to a cure for cancer available? Absolutely not. Google’s search algorithm is secret, Facebook’s News Feed and People You May Know algorithms are kept under wraps, and Apple sure as hell isn’t going to tell anyone else how to build an iPhone.
Maybe the cancer cure will be subsidized for users through investor funds, but all of the doctors and nurses administering the cure will receive unsustainably low pay. Thousands of doctors moonlighting, making house calls to cancer patients for minimum wage.
Can many of these developments be neat and even useful? Sure! But in a tech industry known for grandstanding and “paradigm-shifting,” sometimes it’s fun to do a reality check.
But the real reason people might say “these bros think they’ve invented medicine” is that the bold new ideas techies think they’re developing are actually iterations on decades or centuries of established work, rebranded and oversold to consumers. This is why Silicon Valley impresarios focused on curing cancer, like Sean Parker, are donating to and facilitating the work of extant cancer centers, rather than trying to “disrupt” cancer research in a for-profit enterprise.
Setting aside that the most famous tech-industry medical company, Theranos, is also one of its most famous scams, a cure for cancer is unquestionably a good (if impossible) thing! And yet, Evans says, even an unassailable leap forward from Silicon Valley would be met with Twitter criticism. Maybe he’s right! Indeed, it is rare that anything happens these days without some measure of criticism on Twitter.
The president loves to tweet. He loves to roll over at 5:45 a.m., flip on Fox News, pull out his tweeting device, and blast off a few primo thoughts about whatever he sees on TV. It’s 2018, and the president is tweeting, and millions of people sit on pins and needles, wondering what hypocritical, incorrect, or incriminating thing he’s gonna tweet next. One of those millions of people? Former secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who got fired this morning.
According to a new report from the Associated Press, Tillerson was informed on Friday to keep an eye out for a tweet from @realDonaldTrump:
The newest instance of Trump cyberdread follows the nine-minute gap between two tweets last summer when the Pentagon thought Trump was about to declare war.
We’re nearing the two-year mark since Instagram made the big switch from chronological feeds to algorithmically sorted ones. (That’s showing you photos in the order they were posted to showing you photos based on when a computer program thinks you should see them.) Two years since everybody and their influencer mother posted all those annoying photos with arrows pointing to the upper-right-hand corners of your screen begging you to “TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS” lest you miss any of their content once the algo-pocalypse began. Since then, it’s been … mostly fine. (Seeing all the happy posts from Clinton supporters on Election Day for days and weeks following her loss was a bit of a sting, though.) We’ve all survived having to wait, sometimes days, until the algorithm deems it time for us to see content from our sisters, friends, and celebrities we like to think of as friends.
Still, there are some who are still pining for the chronological days of yore, people who were likely pretty excited when a rumor popped up this month claiming that Instagram was bringing back the chronological feed. Well …. bad news. It’s not. That rumor is bogus, according to Instagram. “No, Instagram is not testing chronological feed,” the company told Co.Design. “This meme kicked up somewhere and we’ve been trying to set the record straight.”
You know what they say about memes … trust, but verify. Actually, that’s terrible advice. Don’t ever trust a meme.
The Tesla Model 3 is supposed to represent the future of the automobile, and I hope it does — even if I found the future to be a somewhat bewildering place to be.
Barring Peter Thiel–ian transfusions of youthful blood, I will not live to see the year 2100. My daughter, on the other hand, has a very decent shot at seeing that. If she should have children, they will almost certainly see the 22nd century. Stories about a world where the equator is uninhabitable, Miami is underwater, and the Corn Belt resembles the Kalahari Desert suddenly feel less like hearing news about an earthquake in a country I never planned to visit and more like a buzzing alert on my phone about oncoming flash floods. Abstract notions I held about carbon emissions and climate change (both are, like, bad) have taken on a new urgency, and the idea of driving up for a party celebrating the oncoming arrival of our daughter in a car that, in its own small way, promises to help reduce carbon emissions was tremendously appealing.
Kind of a heavy way to start a car review! (Or a weekend trip upstate for a baby shower.) But it was on my mind as I picked up the Model 3 from Tesla’s glassy showroom in the Meatpacking District. If the world is going to move from using fossil-fueled vehicles to electric vehicles, it’ll be partly because of cars like the Model 3. You can’t get the majority of the car-buying public to consider an EV until the price is somewhere in the neighborhood of reasonable. (The Model 3 starts at $35,000, though the model Tesla lent me had enough add-ons to drive the price to $57,000 — the big-ticket additions being a long-range battery and Enhanced Autopilot.) You also need EVs that have the range and infrastructure that allow for freedom of long-distance travel that Americans have come to associate with car ownership.
Tesla lent me a Model 3 for a weekend to drive to upstate New York, where my extremely pregnant wife and I were headed for a baby shower thrown by her relatives outside of Syracuse. We’re having our first child, a daughter, and feeling her kick and move around has done a number on my own worldview, bringing what once felt incredibly distant into the immediate foreground.
Except for a short test drive in February, I’d never driven a Tesla before. The first time you take a seat behind the wheel of the Model 3, it’s an odd experience, mainly because of what’s missing. Behind the steering wheel there’s nothing — no instrument panel, no speedometer, no tachometer, no odometer, and of course, no fuel gauge — just the smooth expanse of the single piece of wood that makes up the dashboard. Instead, everything is shifted to a 15-inch touchscreen display that sits in the center dash. There’s no key fob to stick on a ring of keys — the car instead pairs with your smartphone (you also get two backup hotel-key type things in case your phone dies), and unlocks itself automatically when you get near it. And once you start the car, there’s no noise — the sound of a Tesla completely powered down and the sound of one ready to drive (at least from inside the cabin) are identical.
Tesla’s high-torque electric motor also doesn’t require the gears a standard combustion engine needs. In practice, this means that what I’ve spent the last two decades experiencing — the slight hitch of deceleration from shifting gears as a car gets up to speed — is completely absent. Step on the accelerator and there’s just a smooth, linear progression of speed, instead of spiky upward jerks.
And if you’ve never driven an electric vehicle before, there are all of these small things about combustion engines you’ve never noticed until they aren’t there. The most obvious, of course, is the lack of engine noise. On city streets, that means you’re suddenly much more aware of the sound of all of the traffic around you. On highways, that means the loudest noise will be the wind hitting the car, or the whoosh of semi as you pass it.
That said, I spent most of my trip not even touching the accelerator. The car Tesla lent me had Enhanced Autopilot. Tap down once on the right stalk on the steering column and you engage adaptive cruise control — you set your maximum speed, and radar and sensors on the car will attempt to get as close to that speed as possible while also keeping a set amount of distance between you and the car in front of you. This is nice on a highway with free-flowing traffic, and a godsend for slow-moving or stop-start highway traffic jams endemic to any major metro area. If the Tesla’s sensors can detect the lane you’re in, you tap down twice on the right-side stalk, and Autopilot will take over steering for you — the car stays in the center of the lane and moves you gracefully through turns. In general, I found Autopilot remarkably reliable — the one time I had any real issue was when a separate lane was merging in from the right and someone cut in a little close to our car. It certainly made the drive much more relaxing — the constant slight negotiations of speed that I’m used to making with the dumb cruise control in our Mazda were gone. If anything, the more dangerous part of Autopilot happened not when it was engaged, but when I would forget to turn it back on, and wonder why the car wasn’t turning itself as we slowly veered toward the rumble strip on the highway shoulder.
Adjusting side-view mirrors requires a few taps on the touchscreen and is a few too many menus deep. Windshield wipers are supposed to kick in automatically in the rain, but they didn’t kick in during light snow, meaning I needed to swipe on the touchscreen and then tap to start them up. Ask the Tesla’s in-car music-streaming service Slacker to play a band or podcast it’s never heard of, and it pops up a massive search window that hides your navigation completely. All new cars come with a learning curve, and a lot of what I’m describing are things I’d figure out after a week with the car, but it all felt much more dangerous during the first hour of driving. Hunting for a tiny X button to get rid of a massive pop-up screen while another car does a Jersey sweep in front of you is not ideal.
About 75 percent of the issues I had with the Model 3 during the weekend I chalk up to me being dumb. I didn’t know how to turn the car off the first time I parked it in my driveway, so I had to sheepishly text a Tesla rep (set it in park and walk away — the car shuts itself off and locks itself up once your phone is far enough away). At a supercharger station in Kingston, I couldn’t figure out how to get the charger out of the car until a very nice guy with the flyaway hair of a STEM professor, who was charging his own Model S, came over to admire the Model 3, and helped me out. (“Dad, you are obsessed with the Model 3,” complained his teenage son. “I am!” he happily replied.) The morning after the baby shower — after packing the car up with our luggage, boxes of baby clothes, swaddling blankets, and an absurd number of baby shoes — I stepped out to get one more picture of the Model 3 against the hills of my wife’s grandfather’s farm when my phone died. My wallet (with the backup key card) was inside the Tesla, meaning we were suddenly locked out of the car. I ended up bumming a ride and some money from my father-in-law to pick up a charging cable in order to get back into the car.
But if there are plenty of problems I brought on myself, there are still some parts of the Model 3 that baffle me. Touchscreens are fantastic when I’m holding one in my hand or lap, but shunting so much of the basic functionality in a car to a touchscreen feels dicey. For example, adjusting the max speed on the cruise control currently requires tapping small plus or minus signs on the left side of the touchscreen. But without any tactile or physical buttons, you have to take your eyes away from the road to make sure you’re hitting the right spot.
And then there are the issues of lithium-ion batteries and cold weather. We stopped overnight at my in-law’s house in Schenectady, where the temperatures dropped below freezing. When we set out in the morning, the car showed a range of 109 miles. We told the onboard computer where we were headed, and the car recommended stopping at a supercharging station outside of Utica, about 77 miles away, where the car estimated that we’d have about 10 percent battery left. As we drove, that estimate of how much battery life we’d have left kept dropping. Finally, we started getting warnings from the car itself — we needed to travel at 70 miles per hour in order to reach the charging station, and then 65 miles per hour. By the time we pulled into the charging station, we had (per the Tesla) about five miles of range left on the car, and 2 percent battery. Tesla’s trip-planning software uses a combination of information about past driving behavior, internal and external temperature, and topography (to determine if you’re driving uphill or downhill) to make its estimates, but the company also says that many other factors — headwinds, tire condition, whether you have a window open or not — can come into play. Regardless, shaving it so close wasn’t fun — a case of what Tesla owners (and Tesla itself) calls “range anxiety.”
There’s also the fact that Autopilot and adaptive cruise control rely on front radar sensors. Twice during our trip, we drove through light patches of snow — nothing heavy enough to begin to stick to roads, but enough to stick to the front bumper. The front radar sensors went offline, meaning cruise control was completely off. I don’t want Autopilot or adaptive cruise control to attempt to work if the sensors are on the fritz, but if I’m driving on dry roads, I’d like the option of at least engaging the same sort of dumb cruise control I had on my 1992 Volvo station wagon, which just keeps me at a constant speed; it was when I was driving without cruise control that I really noticed how that hitchless acceleration that made the Tesla so fun to drive also meant that even a feathery touch on the accelerator could send an unwary driver like me smoothly and silently into “reckless-driving ticket” territory.
More time with a Tesla would likely teach me that freezing temperatures meant that I should be more conservative than its navigation software. There was a supercharging station much closer that we could have stopped at earlier in the trip. But in the absence of more information, I trusted what the car told me.
The difference is that changing how I adjust screen brightness on my smartphone may throw me off for a couple of seconds on the subway or while I’m walking. An abstruse UX that adds two seconds to a task while I’m driving at 65 mph means that I travel about two-thirds of a football field figuring out how to adjust my side-view mirrors.
It’s at these points where the daylight between Tesla and a more traditional car company becomes clearest. The Tesla Model 3 I drove this weekend would not be the Tesla Model 3 you’d get in 12 months if you ordered today, in the same way that your iPhone can suddenly be very different thanks to software updates — even while the hardware remains the same.
A lot of what I’m bitching about here are UX and software problems — and Tesla promises that over-the-air updates will take care of some of these issues. It’s well aware that the windshield-wiper control needs some work, and plans to move some of those controls over to the left-hand stalk on the steering column. Setting maximum speed on cruise control will eventually move to a dial on the right side of the steering wheel. All of these will be handled by over-the-air updates — your Tesla Model 3 will update itself overnight, the same way your laptop or phone does.
A quick glance around at other drivers on the highway shows that there are plenty of people tapping away at the touchscreen on their phone while they drive. But only in the Model 3 are you virtually guaranteed to futz around with a touchscreen while driving at some point. Maybe this is something that software updates will fix. Maybe this is something that more time driving a Model 3 will fix — plenty of people wrote off the touchscreen keyboard on the iPhone as unusable as well.
Then again, I don’t drive my smartphone. My smartphone won’t carry my family around. A few moments of inattention while trying to figure out how to take a screenshot on my smartphone won’t send me and the people I love most flying through a guardrail.
The bigger reality is that the Tesla Model 3 — and electric vehicles in general — will only play a small factor in how hot and inhospitable the world my daughter grows up in turns out to be. For better or worse (almost certainly worse), what needs to happen to halt or at least slow down climate change are changes at the societal and governmental level. Electric cars are cool and fun to drive, but to really reduce carbon emissions action has to happen on much more basic things like refrigerant management, wind power, family planning, educating girls, and more plant-based diets. Per one well-regarded list of the 100 most effective climate solutions, more of the population using electric vehicles ranks 26th. It’s not nothing, but a lot of people buying (or not buying) a Model 3 isn’t really enough. It’s fun that Elon Musk wants to colonize another planet, but his cars probably aren’t going to be the deciding factor in how easily humanity continues to live on this on. (Also, it’s hard to design a flashy, ambitious product that garners a ton of media attention around, say, better refrigerant management — I don’t think the internet would go nuts if you flung a fancy new A/C unit that doesn’t use hydrofluorocarbons toward Mars.)
Still, I was sad when it was time to return the Model 3 to Tesla. My Mazda 3 hatchback, which I previously considered a somewhat sporty ride, feels poky in acceleration and somewhat sluggish in its steering. Filling it up with gasoline now feels like littering or not separating out my recycling — a choice I’m making in my own small way to make the world worse rather than better. If I had a bit more money and could wait the 12 months it would take for a Model 3 to actually make its way to me, I would seriously consider buying one. The Model 3 doesn’t do everything perfectly, but manages to bring a lot of the future to me now. When we end up buying our next car in six or seven years, I hope that there are a lot more options like the Model 3 to choose from. It won’t be the thing that stops the slow-moving disaster of climate change, but I’d like to drive my daughter around in something that isn’t urging it on even faster.
The immediate experience of driving a Model 3 is that it is fun. The Model 3’s high-torque motor means that you can jet forward smoothly and almost silently, without shifting gears. The first few times you do it, it feels uncanny, like you’re floating slightly above the road. A tight and responsive suspension means the car stays glued to the road even during sharp cornering, and allows for quick and easy lane changes. The car’s navigation system is, at first blush, the best I’ve used — you can press a button on the steering wheel to turn on voice control, spit out an address, and the car will automatically route you to where you’re going, automatically figuring in stops you may need to make along the way to charge the batteries. (And to its great credit, it never stumbled on some of the harder upstate and capital-region city names — whether it was taking us to Schenectady, Herkimer, or Marcellus, the car got it right the first time.)
As it was, I found myself pulling over at rest stops twice during our trip to wipe down the front of the Model 3 with a scarf to get cruise control back. Tesla says that it doesn’t include a nonadaptive cruise control out of fear that drivers would get confused by too many options — they’d be so used to using adaptive cruise control, they might end up hitting someone because they expect the car to handle braking as they approach someone going slower than them on the highway. It’s a valid concern, but scrubbing the front of the car at a rest stop wasn’t fun either.
As Silicon Valley has proven over and over again, there’s no idea too ridiculous or outlandish to secure funding from angel investors, incubators, and venture capitalists. Consider the case of Nectome, a start-up that promises to kill you.
Oh? You’re still interested? The MIT Technology Review describes Nectome as “a preserve-your-brain-and-upload-it company.” It uses a chemical solution to preserve your body and keep it intact for centuries, with the eventual end goal of waiting for civilization to develop technology that can scan your rock-hard brain and re-create it digitally. The company is currently part of the famous Y Combinator incubator.
Seems par for the futurist course so far. The only slight issue is that you need to be alive when Nectome starts its embalming process, and the process will definitely kill you. It is “100 percent fatal,” says co-founder Robert McIntyre. (The fatality thing, he added, is “why we are uniquely situated among the Y Combinator companies.”)
Unfortunately and unsurprisingly, the process is nowhere near ready for prime time and might never be. Nectome is working on research and experiments and plans on letting the medical and ethics communities review its findings. Still, it’s a start-up that is willing to just kill you outright — a bold move.
If you’re interested in taking part in this scientifically unproven process, you can help fund the research by plunking down a refundable $10,000 deposit, and join a 25-person wait list.
Elon Musk, the man who brought you Telsa, SpaceX, $500 flamethrowers, and a whole lot of bad tweets, is apparently now trying to bring you comedy. According to a report on Tuesday from Max Tani at the Daily Beast, Musk has been quietly hiring staffers from satirical comedy site the Onion, including former editor-in-chief Cole Bolton and executive editor Ben Berkley. Several other former writers for the site have joined them since the secret project started up last year.
There are no details on what exactly said project is and how much control Musk actually has over it, beyond backing it financially. “It’s pretty obvious that comedy is the next frontier after electric vehicles, space exploration, and brain-computer interfaces,” Musk, jokingly, told the Daily Beast. “Don’t know how anyone’s not seeing this.” A source also told the Daily Beast Musk considered purchasing the Onion, which was later purchased by Univision, in 2016. That, clearly, did not happen. Though it might have inspired a 2018 post from the site announcing “Elon Musk Offering $1.2 Billion in Grants to Any Project That Promises to Make Him Feel Complete.”
Another source said Musk would have no editorial control over the project. Which is, frankly, a bummer. Musk has a pleasantly dark sense of humor … like that time he announced his plans for colonizing Mars but said he wouldn’t be making the trip himself since the first voyagers will likely die and “I’d like to see my kids grow up.”
On Wednesday morning, students around the United States got up from their classrooms and walked out of their schools as part of a nationwide protest against gun violence. The protest lasted 17 minutes, honoring the 17 people killed in the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida exactly one month ago. Organized by the Women’s March Youth Empower, there were over 3,000 planned protests at schools and universities in the United States. As the clock struck ten, kids — many of them facing potential disciplinary action — left their desks and headed outside, many of them, obviously, with cell phones in hand. Which means even if you weren’t near a school at 10 a.m., thanks to their photos and videos on Twitter, you can still get a sense of what the protests were like. (Though scrolling through Twitter, admittedly, doesn’t take nearly as much guts as standing up and defying your school’s rules and administrators while protesting, quite literally, for your life.)
The kids are definitely all right.
At a South by Southwest event yesterday, Wired editor-in-chief Nick Thompson asked YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki about the proliferation of misinformation on the video site. When breaking news happens, opportunistic and/or malevolent users rush to post videos about whatever happened, and regardless of their veracity, are usually able to obtain prominent placement in the site’s search results. Then, a related-videos algorithm sends users to other videos with faulty information.
“When there are videos that are focused around something that’s a conspiracy — and we’re using a list of well-known internet conspiracies from Wikipedia — then we will show a companion unit of information from Wikipedia showing that here is information about the event,” Wojcicki said.
YouTube and Google (and Facebook, etc.) insist, frequently, that they don’t want to tell you what to believe. But they elide the fact that they’re already determining what you encounter online in the first place. The distinction between “what you see” and “what you believe” in the context of a Google search results is, at best, arbitrary. “You decide for yourself!” is the prevailing attitude, despite the well-established fact that people rarely get past the top results on any query they enter or any list of recommendations provided. What use is a product that, when you ask it for facts and information, responds with anything less than the definitive?
Maybe more to the point, why is YouTube relying on Wikipedia to do this work? The video site is a subsidiary of Alphabet, parent company of Google, one of the country’s richest and most powerful corporations. Wikipedia is a crowdsourced nonprofit that has to repeatedly hold donor drives in order to sustain itself, and also relies on volunteer labor to sustain itself. (Google confirmed that the company does contribute to the Wikimedia Foundation, which oversees Wikipedia.)
Having to supplement conspiracy-theory videos with third-party fact-checking is kind of embarrassing for Google. Having to rely on a volunteer-driven nonprofit is even more embarrassing. YouTube is only just one aspect of Google’s increasing reliance on Wikipedia, too: Google’s search engine now uses “featured snippets” to provide users with what is essentially the One Correct Answer. This is a multi-billion-dollar company whose consumer-facing product is, well, information.
Wojcicki’s brilliant idea to fix this? Rely on Wikipedia. The site will link to the crowdsourced encyclopedia and other “fact-based” sites adjacent to videos promoting conspiracy theories. It’s a plan not too far off from Facebook’s reliance on third-party fact-checkers to audit flagged stories spreading around the platform.
There are more than a few problems with this plan, beginning with the fact that Wikipedia, while mostly reliable, is a website that anyone can edit, and which has, in the past, become a battleground over the veracity of contentious topics like climate change.
Thousands of students up and left their classrooms on Wednesday morning at exactly 10 a.m. as part of a walkout demonstration against gun violence. Scenes from the events were, as expected, quite moving. Seeing hundreds of kids flocking together shouting “enough is enough” and giving speeches imploring their elected officials to give a damn about them is a pretty good way to find yourself tearing up over your computer screen.
No more guns! Yeah, bitch!
Snapchat’s Snap Map — a map that shows you where your friends are in the world — did an excellent job of curating content from protests all across the United States. While we didn’t find any good meme signs highlighted on the map, we did find this gem, a snap from a student in New York City — they appear to have walked out of Stuyvesant High School — of their classmates chanting. We truly do not deserve these teens.
Holmes will pay a penalty of $500,000, and give up voting control of the company. She is also banned from serving as an officer of a public company for a decade.
Theranos, the company that promised it could do a lot of medicine with just a little bit of blood, has somehow fallen even further. In both a lawsuit and a settlement announced today, the Securities and Exchange Commission said that founder Elizabeth Holmes and president Ramesh Balwani defrauded customers and investors for years by making up claims about what the company’s blood-analysis technology could do.
The SEC’s complaint against Holmes and Theranos outline how they misled investors and press outlets covering them. Theranos placed its “miniLabs” inside facilities to imply that they were used in medical analysis during tours for investors.
In late 2014, Holmes explained the company’s process to The New Yorker: “A chemistry is performed so that a chemical reaction occurs and generates a signal from the chemical interaction with the sample, which is translated into a result, which is then reviewed by certified laboratory personnel.” The dubiousness of this intricate process was first exposed in a series of reports by John Carreyrou in The Wall Street Journal. In reality, Theranos was using standard blood tech to process many samples.
As the complaint against Balwani says:
The complaint also includes examples of how Holmes misled reporters for Fortune and Forbes, who featured the CEO in glowing cover stories and bought her marketing hook, line, and sinker. Anyway, if you’ve got an idea for a new blood start-up, now’s a great time to make a push!
But there were also reminders that these kids are, well, kids. Good kids. Kids who protest exactly how kids should protest at their age. With effective political communication tools like, say, memes. But what do they mean? Allow us to explain.
The Meme: Evil PatrickWhat it means: Evil Patrick (which comes from the world of SpongeBob SquarePants) is used when you do something, well, evil, or at least not good or helpful. Usually, in the context of this meme, the “something” is, like, making plans knowing you’ll flake on them. But it could also be, say, making bad-faith contributions to a life-or-death debate over gun control. Still works!
The Meme: Unfaithful Guy/Jealous GirlfriendWhat it means: Pretty self-explanatory, I think? The guy is Donald Trump, who should be taking a nice walk with the lives and safety of schoolchildren, but is instead staring at the NRA’s ass. It’s not, uh, particularly sophisticated.
Last night, Ninja, a megapopular star on the live video-game streaming site Twitch, had a special guest on his broadcast — a gamer who went by the screen name TheBoyDuddus. In real life, you might know TheBoyDuddus as Canadian musician and actor Aubrey Graham, or as the global megastar rapper Drake.
Ninja — known IRL as Tyler Blevins — is a professional gamer. He makes his money (and builds his fan base) on Twitch, a site owned by Amazon where you can broadcast yourself playing video games live to an audience of thousands. Ninja was a pro competitive Halo player before he turned to streaming games as his main profession; he mainly plays (and is known to be very good at) the shooter sensation Fortnite.
Aubrey Drake Graham is a popular rapper and former child star from Canada.
Fortnite is a video game made by Epic Games. Long in development, Fortnite was originally presented as a third-person shooter in which players could also use prefab parts — wall, floors, and ramps that snap together — to create a base of operations (a “fort,” if you will). Think of it like if Minecraft were a shooting game.
Fortnite was languishing in development until last year, when it introduced a mode called “Battle Royale.” In Battles Royales, 100 players duke it out to be the last living character on an island. Games of this kind have skyrocketed in popularity last year thanks to another immensely popular game, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. Fortnite’s Battle Royale mode wouldn’t exist without PUBG, but its advantage over the earlier PUBG is that it’s completely free to play, and is available on all platforms, including PlayStation. (It is also made by a top-tier developer, and has a nice sense of style compared to PUBG.)
So Fortnite is a free version of the most popular multiplayer mode out right now, made by a top-tier developer, available on most major platforms (and soon, mobile). For what it’s worth, Fortnite also has a much more apparent sense of style that it, uh, inspiration, PUBG. Not that hard to understand why it’s become a phenomenon.
How do celebrities do anything nowadays? Instagram. On the stream last night, Drake told Ninja that he first saw highlights on Instagram, including a PUBG tournament that Ninja won last year. “I’ve been watching your shit, man,” Drake said.
Yes. At one point, more than 600,000 people were watching them run around and shoot people at the same time. This is a Twitch record, though it fell a bit short of Ninja’s prediction that if Drake tweeted out a link to the stream they’d break a million concurrents. Oh well!
He’s mostly making his album in Miami, and he no longer eats meat. He also likes pineapple pizza.
He’s okay. He said he’s been playing for a month or two, and the pair won at least a couple of matches, but it’s difficult to know how much of that was Drake and how much of that was the fact that Drake was playing with one of the best Fortnite players in the world.
Rapper Travis Scott was there.
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster also squadded up for a bit.
Travis Scott’s request for bandages, the game’s healing item, became an in-joke.
File-piracy magnate Kim Dotcom also popped on for a second.
Yes!
Well past midnight on the East Coast, more than half a million people were watching Ninja and Drake play a game called Fortnite, which has become something of a phenomenon over the past couple of months. Later on in the stream, rapper Travis Scott also joined in, making for one of the oddest mash-ups of internet culture and mainstream pop culture in recent memory. Let’s break it down.
Danielle Bregoli went from an unknown teen to a viral sensation after she shouted her now-infamous catchphrase — “Cash me outside, howbow dah?” — during a taping of Dr. Phil. Her episode, entitled “I Want to Give Up My Car-Stealing, Knife-Wielding, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried to Frame Me for a Crime,” led to a reported television deal, her successful owning of David Spade, a proclamation that she’s basically Oprah, and a contract with Atlantic Records. But before she was Bhad Bhabie rapping “Hi Bitch” — it’s kind of a bop — Bregoli got into some legal troubles. Today, thanks to Doug Duncan, the lawyer who also represented Tiger Woods in his DUI case, it looks like those are finally over for her. TMZ reports that Bregoli is officially off probation.
In June 2017, Bregoli pleaded guilty in a courthouse in Delray Beach, Florida, to charges including marijuana possession, grand theft, and filing a false police report. Since then, Bregoli reportedly completed 100 hours of volunteer work, including time spent working with Hurricane Harvey relief efforts. She was initially sentenced to five years of probation, which she will no longer have to serve out. Convenient, since she’s going on tour this spring.
Great news for all you I’d rather just let a robot do it types out there: Nest announced today a new temperature sensor to coordinate with its smart thermostats. Priced at $39, the sensor can be placed anywhere within 50 feet of the thermostat you hook it up to — on a wall, tucked into a bookshelf — and will make sure whatever room you’ve placed it in is actually the temperature you want it to be. Meaning that one room on the east-facing side of your house — you can program Nest to prioritize certain rooms at certain times of day — that is always freezing by sunset might actually maintain a comfortably stable temperature. (Can you hear me laughing from my minimally sunlit Brooklyn apartment?)
You’ll need the latest version of the Nest Thermostat — that’ll run you about $250, but buying the thermostat comes with a discount on the temperature sensors — if you want to use the sensors. And you can connect a maximum of six sensors per thermostat. The devices will ship in April. In the meanwhile, you can finally buy Nest’s Hello doorbell and its Nest x Yale smart lock, which the company also announced are shipping this week.
In addition, Google says it’s been working on photographing public-transit hubs for users to browse on Google Street View, so they can see for themselves how accessible facilities are and how to navigate them.
In a move that will help millions of urban-dwellers, Google Maps announced this morning that it was adding routing for wheelchair users, people with mobility issues, and parents with strollers. Now, users can find navigation routes that are free from stairs or with elevators. For public-transportation users, being directed to stations without an elevator is a common problem.
To access the feature, just search for directions as you normally would, and then under “Options,” check off wheelchair accessible. The feature is only available in London, New York, Tokyo, Mexico City, Boston, and Sydney right now, but should expand down the line. The accessibility info was cobbled together from users submitting to Google’s Local Guides service.
It’s a mental list we all keep. The lies we tell ourselves about the things we need to do before we can go on to do the important stuff. Well, once I start going to bed at the same time each night, then I can do [insert other, larger goal you want to achieve that isn’t really related to the thing you need to start doing.] As soon as finish all the shows on Netflix I want to watch, then I’ll start writing my novel. Once I finish reading this blog post, then I can do my actual work today. That’s the spirit of this week’s best meme. Listing the hurdles and struggles keeping you from living your best life. But, but, buuuuuuut, once — if — you overcome them, then it’s over for the sorry bitches around you who still haven’t tackled their own lists.
The “it’s over for you bitches” meme isn’t new, but it is resurfacing this week. It was first spotted back in November of 2017. If you’re a reader of Babe.net, home of the “evidence for days” series that lays out why every female celebrity you love is ostensibly gay, you might remember reading about it back then. Turns out, not everyone has managed to tackle their to-do lists and come for the bitches in the months since then.
Once I limit my caffeine intake to one sensibly sized cup of coffee in the morning, and start going to the gym instead of hitting snooze, and stop blowing off my therapist, start shaving more than just the section of my ankles you can see when I wear cropped jeans, and stop turning my phone on airplane mode when I go to sleep at night because I’m too lazy to get up and go plug it in and don’t want the battery to die overnight, then it’s over for you bitches. Over, I say.
Correction: An earlier version of this story cited that “using more hybrid and electric cars ranks 49th” on a list of potential solutions to climate change. While that is true, fully switching from hybrids to electric vehicles ranks 26th on the same list. The story has been updated to reflect that.
To put it mathematically:
List of all the big and small things keeping your from getting off the couch + actually accomplishing said things = IT’S OVER FOR YOU BITCHES
Earlier this week at South by Southwest, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki announced that the video site will use excerpts from Wikipedia to counteract videos promoting conspiracy theories. This new feature is, at first glance (and really, on second and third glances, too), odd. A megacorporation with billions of dollars and thousands of brilliant employees is … relying on a volunteer-run platform anyone can edit to fact-check information?
It’s worth examining, then, how Wikipedia has managed to maintain its role as a reliable database without thousands of paid moderators and editors, while major, well-funded platforms like Facebook and YouTube have become the subjects of frenzied debate about misinformation.
Wikipedia articles also have stringent requirements for what information can be included. The three main tenets are that (1) information on the site be presented in a neutral point of view, (2) be verified by an outside source, and (3) not be based on original research. Each of these can be quibbled with (what does “neutral” mean?), and plenty of questionable statements slip through — but, luckily, you probably know that they’re questionable because of the infamous “[citation needed]” superscript that peppers the website.
To start with, Wikipedia’s process is collaborative — it requires broad groups of people to come to an agreement about what can be said and what can’t. On YouTube, I might make one video about the Stoneman shooting, and you might make another with a totally opposite idea of truth; they’d then duke it out in “the marketplace of ideas” (the YouTube search results). On Wikipedia, there’s only one article about the Stoneman shooting, and it’s created by a group of people discussing and debating the best way to present information in a singular way, suggesting and sometimes voting on changes to a point where enough people are satisfied.
Actual misinformation, meanwhile, is dealt with directly. Consider how the editors treat conspiracy theories. “Fringe theories may be mentioned, but only with the weight accorded to them in the reliable sources being cited,” Wikimedia tweeted in an explanatory thread earlier this week. In contrast, platform companies have spent much of the last year talking about maintaining their role as a platform for “all viewpoints,” and through design and presentation, they flatten everything users post to carry the same weight. A documentary on YouTube is presented in the exact same manner as an Infowars video, and until now, YouTube has felt no responsibility to draw distinctions.
But really, I’d argue that Wikipedia’s biggest asset is its willingness as a community and website to “delete.” It’s that simple. If there’s bad information, or info that’s just useless, Wikipedia’s regulatory system has the ability to discard it.
Deleting data is antithetical to data-reliant companies like Facebook and Google (which owns YouTube). This is because they are heavily invested in machine learning, which requires almost incomprehensibly large data sets on which to train programs so that they can eventually operate autonomously. The more pictures of cats there are online, the easier it is to train a computer to recognize a cat. For Facebook and Google, the idea of deleting data is sacrilege. Their solutions to fake news and misinformation has been to throw more data at the problem: third-party fact-checkers and “disputed” flags giving equal weight to every side of a debate that really only has one.
None of which is to say that Wikipedia is, by any means, perfect. In fact, just as the design of its institution and platform means that it is a more informative and accurate site than YouTube, it can also encourage bad and unfortunate behavior. As an online space dedicated to facts above all else, and where editorial decisions are made through conversation and voting, it can be a place where only the loudest and most persistent and self-confident users feel comfortable. Wikipedia, like every organization, struggles with bias: Its editors are often male and white.
But the fact that YouTube sees Wikipedia as a reliable source is also, in a sense, a total validation of Wikipedia’s mission. A encyclopedia, open to edits from anyone, could easily have been misused and abused. Instead, it’s become the default place to find facts online. Even Google knows this: When you search for certain things, Google will pull information “snippets” about those terms from Wikipedia. And Wikipedia makes its content free for people to license and reproduce wherever they see fit — including the world’s most powerful search engine. (In a statement, Wikipedia said that it had no problem with YouTube’s decision to use the encyclopedia content — though the video site should definitely have given the encyclopedia some sort of advance notice.)
To hear Facebook and Google tell it, “fake news” accounts for less than one percent of everything uploaded to their platforms. In that sense, the risk of actually deleting unproven conspiracy theories is minimal, and it actually improves the integrity of the data set these companies use to build machine-learning systems (remember when Microsoft’s Twitter bot turned racist in less than a day because users kept sending it racist tweets?). Instead of adding “Well, Wikipedia says …” next to bad videos, it might be time for major platforms to get over their fear of the delete key.
If you happened to type “video of” into Facebook’s search bar this week, there’s a chance you were served some disturbing results. For some users, the platform auto-filled that search with suggestions like “video of girl sucking dick underwater” and “video of sexual” and “video of minor,” Motherboard reports. (The auto-fill also reportedly happened in Spanish searches for “videos de.” This has since been fixed — mostly thanks to people on Twitter saying WTF Facebook — and the company has apologized.
Importantly, that discussion is both entirely transparent, and at the same time “behind the scenes.” The “Talk” pages on which editorial decisions are made are prominently linked to on every entry. Anyone can read, access, and participate — but not many people do. This means both that the story of how an article came to be is made clear to a reader (unlike, say, algorithmic decisions made by Facebook), but also that there is less incentive for a given editor to call attention to themselves in the hopes of becoming a celebrity (unlike, say, the YouTube-star economy).
But on the business side, all of this data helps these companies sell targeted ads. Which is one of the final points in Wikipedia’s favor. The open encyclopedia, as a donation- and grant-funded nonprofit, has no incentive to generate revenue. It’s therefore not caught up in the advertising business, which means it has no need to ensure that users spend a lot of time on the site, which means it’s never fallen prey to the defining techniques of the social web — extremism, sensationalization, clickbait, misleading titles and thumbnails, and so on.
And its openness can be taken advantage of — in the wake of breaking news, Wikipedia articles are often defaced (usually for comedic effect) or the setting for editorial arguments, placing it in a publishing role it wasn’t initially designed for. Notorious pages like “Race and IQ” have been the setting of some grossly bigoted, not to mention absolutely incorrect, edit wars.
But Wikipedia is still evolving, and as the site has evolved and grown, it’s gotten better. The phenomenon of ideological extremists holding sway over individual and highly contentious articles has largely ended, in part because Wikipedia is designed to make such domination very difficult. And anyway, if you want to learn more — or complain — here’s a Wikipedia entry called “Criticism of Wikipedia.”
“As soon as we became aware of these offensive predictions we removed them. Facebook search predictions are representative of what people may be searching for on Facebook and are not necessarily reflective of actual content on the platform,” Facebook told The Guardian. “We do not allow sexually explicit imagery, and we are committed to keeping such content off of our site.” Which doesn’t really explain how those videos were allowed to be uploaded or why they were searchable in the first place. But, hey, they said they’re sorry!
Earlier in March, Facebook ran a truly bizarre survey where it asked select users about predators, children, and sexual content on the platform. “In thinking about an ideal world where you could set Facebook’s policies, how would you handle the following: a private message in which an adult man asks a 14 year old girl for sexual pictures,” one of the questions asked. Facebook’s VP of product, Guy Rosen, later said running that survey question was “a mistake.”
Nine women from the United States have banded together in a class-action suit against Uber. The women all allege that they were assaulted by their drivers. Uber would prefer this suit be dealt with behind closed doors. According to a report from The Guardian, Uber has argued that this suit should be settled via closed-door arbitration. Meaning what is said and discussed in the suit would likely never become public record. “Our clients deserve a trial,” Jeanne M. Christensen, one of the attorneys working with the class action, said. “The goal is to force Uber to acknowledge that this is happening and to do something about it.”
Earlier this week, I received an email with the subject “Your pic in a pint? NYC first to see Beer Ripples — a machine that prints anything into Beer!” Almost immediately, I thought to myself, Wow, this sounds very dumb. Here is how I arrived at this snap judgement: Beer is a liquid, and the thought of “printing” something on “liquid” seemed weird and impossible.
How embarrassing it is, then, to report that I, in fact, am the dumb one. At a bar on 22nd Street yesterday, I received a demonstration of Beer Ripples, “a hospitality device that can produce any image or message” on beer foam. Here is what I can confirm: It does exactly what it says it will, with better-than-expected accuracy.
The uses of this device are varied. Maybe you want to do some brand promo when you serve beers. Maybe put a sports logo on it when the big game is on. Maybe use it to buy someone a drink. Thanks to the Internet of Things, you can put any picture on a drink that you’ll then put in your body. (The machine costs $3,000, so don’t expect to get one for your kitchen.)
Using the Ripples app, we uploaded a logo for Select All to the machine and then selected it from the inboard touchscreen. Then we put a beer on the platform and pressed a button, the platform rose up, and then a few seconds later it came back down with the logo on it. Even though I was told exactly what happened, I was still like, “Huh, I did not expect that to actually happen.” What a fun feeling it is for technology to surprise you in a good way.
So we had printed our simple site logo. Then we tried something a little more difficult: some selfies. Here is my colleague Madison.
Here is me.
What a silly machine this is! But it totally works and it’s a neat party trick. And it brought me a bit of joy on a Thursday afternoon, and I cannot say that about most technology these days. Thank you, ridiculous beer printer.
Forcing these women to tell their stories behind closed doors feels very much like the Uber of yore. The Uber that it’s — under new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi and operating under a new set of guidelines based on an internal culture probe conducted by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder — trying very hard not to be. This is the Uber Susan Fowler, the former company engineer whose scorched-earth blog post about the harassment she experienced prompted the company to finally deal with some of its infamous ish, exposed over a year ago. The Uber that a recruiter once tried to justify to Kamilah Taylor, a female engineer who literally wrote the book on women in technology, by saying that “sexism is systemic in tech and other industries.”
From The Guardian:
A representative for Uber told The Guardian that “the allegations brought forth in this case are important to us and we take them very seriously. Arbitration is the appropriate venue for this case because it allows the plaintiffs to publicly speak out as much as they want and have control over their individual privacy at the same time.” One of the women in the suit claims that her driver groped her after shoving his way into her apartment. Another says she was drunk when her driver drove her home, carried her inside, and raped her.
By comparison, at the end of 2017, Microsoft announced it would be ending such closed-door practices. The company no longer uses forced-arbitration agreements with employees who allege sexual harassment. It was a move very much inspired by the #MeToo era, but a good one, for both Microsoft’s PR appearances and, more importantly, for its employees. Uber might do well to follow suit.
Late Friday night, Facebook published an unusual announcement to its newsroom blog. “We are suspending Strategic Communication Laboratories (SCL), including their political data analytics firm, Cambridge Analytica, from Facebook,” deputy general counsel Paul Grewal wrote. SCL had illegitimately obtained data about Facebook users, and had apparently not destroyed that data when Facebook ordered it to in 2015. Consequently, the company was no longer allowed access to Facebook’s platform. “We are constantly working to improve the safety and experience of everyone on Facebook,” Grewal concluded.
As far as opsec goes, writing down a password on a piece of paper isn’t the worst idea. Provided you can put that piece of paper somewhere — tucked inside a copy of Infinite Jest, beneath the footbed of a pair of particularly rank sneakers — where nobody but you will ever find it. The idea here being it’s a hell of a lot harder, short of somebody finding your hiding place, to hack a piece of paper than it is to hack a password manager, or a Google doc, or any other internet-connected place you might have stored your information. This, of course, all goes out the window if you forget that piece of paper at a public bus stop in Washington, D.C., which is what White House staffer Ryan McAvoy reportedly did earlier this month.
The next morning, it became clear just why SCL and Cambridge Analytica had been suspended so abruptly, and at such an odd hour: because the New York Times and the Observer were prepping major investigative stories about the company’s use of Facebook data, based on documents and other information from a 26-year-old whistle-blower named Christopher Wylie.
McAvoy wrote down his username and password for encrypted email platform ProtonMail, the Intercept reports. Depending on how secure McAvoy’s account was — like if he uses two-factor authentication — it might not have been possible to log on using the information found at the bus stop. It’s also unclear if this was McAvoy’s personal email or a professional account. Either way, it’s still not a great look for the Trump administration. An administration that historically has been so fond of calling certain other people out for lax email security.
In 2014, while working at Cambridge Analytica, Wylie hired a University of Cambridge professor named Aleksandr Kogan to build a database of psychometric profiles. Cambridge Analytica — funded by the right-wing billionaire Mercer family and advised by then–Breitbart editor-in-chief Steve Bannon — hoped to use the data to target political advertising and influence voter behavior. Using Amazon’s Mechanical Turk freelance boards, Kogan hired around 270,000 people to fill out a survey in an app that they would install in their Facebook accounts.
Facebook apps, like FarmVille, extend the platform’s usability, but in installing them, users often give third-party developers like Kogan access to a significant amount of their own data. Worse, in 2014, when Kogan’s app was gathering data, Facebook’s terms of service allowed developers to request access to an app installer’s friends as well.
Both stories are excellent, and help us better understand exactly what Cambridge Analytica did during the 2016 election (and the primaries before it). But there are a few points worth pulling out and emphasizing.
In other words, each of the 270,000 people who were paid to install the app also gave up a significant amount of data about their Facebook friends as well — meaning that from the original 270,000 subjects, Kogan managed to obtain as many as 50 million profiles, including information like locations, job and educational histories, and pages liked. Facebook has since changed privacy settings that mean you can’t be data-betrayed by your inconsiderate or careless friends. But at the time, there was nothing about what Kogan was doing with his app that broke any of Facebook’s rules. It wasn’t until he passed that data on to Cambridge Analytica that he put himself in violation of Facebook’s terms of use.
Kogan ran afoul of the rules by passing the data he’d obtained to a third party — Cambridge Analytica. He’d presented the app to Facebook and to its users as a project gathering for academic research, but then had turned around and given it to a company that had not been named or identified, and which sought to use the data for political, not academic, purposes.
But it’s worth noting that the only reason any of us know that this happened is because of Cambridge Analytica’s prominence in the news. Facebook itself only seems to have become aware that Kogan’s data was being misused in late 2015, after a Guardian report outlined the company’s data-harvesting techniques. Having learned that millions of its users’ data was now in the hands of a company to whom no such permissions had been granted, Facebook demanded that Cambridge Analytica delete that data — and then never followed up.
The fact that all this data was obtained legitimately in the first place, and that the discovery that it had been mishandled was met with only token objection by Facebook, is not, to put it mildly, confidence-inspiring. If the Guardian had never reported on the Cruz campaign’s contract with Cambridge Analytica, would Facebook (or any of us) even know that profile data on so many users was out there? And given that, shouldn’t we be assuming that this same thing — shady mass data-harvesting of Facebook profiles, to be kept on third-party servers — has happened more than once?
The Observer and Times stories are valuable for the level of detail they bring to Cambridge Analytica’s practices, and for the attention they draw to Facebook’s lax privacy protections. But much of the key information in both stories could also be found in an Intercept story from last year — and in the aforementioned Guardian story from December 2015.
It’s easy to be cynical about the sudden attention the story is now getting from the public, given that we’ve had two years to process Cambridge Analytica’s methods. And surely some of the attention is unwarranted — the result of sensationalized chatter about Cambridge Analytica’s overstated role in Trump’s victory. (More on that in a minute.) But Facebook has been silent over the course of those two years, too. To its credit, it’s changed app permissions so that developers can no longer access such a wide network of profiles. Yet even after it was aware that Cambridge Analytica was in possession of mishandled profile data, it did nothing beyond send a letter. “They waited two years and did absolutely nothing to check that the data was deleted,” Wylie told the Observer. It’s hard to square that with Facebook lawyer Grewal’s claim that “[p]rotecting people’s information is at the heart of everything we do.”
In the SpongeBob SquarePants universe, the rivalry between Mr. Krabs, the proprietor of the Krusty Krab, and Sheldon Plankton, owner and operator of the Chum Bucket, is legend. The restaurants are positioned across the sea street from each other, and countless plotlines are devoted to Plankton trying to usurp the Krusty Krab’s status as the restaurant in town. He, if the name if his establishment wasn’t telling enough, never succeeds, and the gambit goes on and on and on. Which means this month’s Krusty Krab versus Chum Bucket meme is all about making comparisons in which there is a clear, superior choice. Old Snapchat versus new Snapchat. Spotify versus Apple Music. Samoas versus Thin Mints. Obvious winners and losers.
Trump’s victory in 2016 was so unexpected, and so close, that a whole cottage industry of explanations for his victory — from the prosaic to the conspiracy-driven — has emerged in its wake. Early coverage of Cambridge Analytica tended toward the sensational: Soon after the election, the Guardian called Cambridge Analytica’s influence “sinister,” and it was suggested in the woollier corners of Twitter that its “psychometric profiles” were not just a deciding factor in the election but a particularly dangerous one.
The rise of the Krust Krab–Chum Bucket meme this month — it’s been around since last year, but is just now reaching its peak — means the Evil Patrick meme, early March’s preferred SpongeBob SquarePants meme is likely now passed its prime. It now joins SpongeGar, Mocking Sponge, and a number of other passé memes from Bikini Bottom in meme heaven.
But I actually agree with Facebook on this point: It wasn’t breached; Kogan obtained profile data perfectly legitimately. I just don’t think that’s a good defense. As hardly needs stating at this point, Facebook’s business model is built on gathering data about its users. (“We … built models to exploit what we knew about [people] and target their inner demons,” Wylie tells the Observer. “That was the basis the entire company was built on.” He’s talking about Cambridge Analytica, but the statement is equally true of Facebook.) You can argue that it was a bad idea to allow a surveillance-advertising company to grow to the size and influence of Facebook. But everyone can agree that the data Facebook has gathered on its users should be better protected, and that users should have better knowledge of and control over that data. Kogan was able to access profiles of 50 million users by paying a mere 270,000 users to install an app — and able to pass that data on to a third party without Facebook’s knowledge — because Facebook made it remarkably easy to obtain information about its users, not because he did something particularly nefarious.
The Pentagon has said funding for the program ran out in 2012 and wasn’t renewed. But Elizondo has claimed the project was alive and well when he resigned in October. —James D. Walsh
And even though these places are extremely harsh environments, that doesn’t mean as much as we might once have thought it did; recent discoveries on Earth itself demonstrate that life is much tougher than we thought. We’ve found organisms in blisteringly hot geysers in Yellowstone National Park, in the darkest crevices under the most ungodly pressures in the deep ocean, in dry hellscapes like the Atacama Desert in Chile (an analogue for Mars). These “extremophiles” don’t need a warm and fuzzy paradise to call home — in fact, they have already evolved to live in environments as harsh as those on other planets. Some, like tardigrades, can even survive the bleak vacuum of space itself. If there’s life in most of those places, “it’s going to be pond scum,” says Shostak. “But it’s alien pond scum. It shows that biology is all over.”
That doesn’t mean we’ll ever find an exact replica of Earth, but maybe we don’t have to. Our study of other planets and moons in the solar system shows us many worlds possess the ingredients necessary for life — an atmosphere, organic compounds, liquid water, and other necessities. (The moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn, for example, feature whole subsurface oceans.)
And where there’s biology, there may well be intelligence, and our increasing understanding of evolution also tells us life can evolve faster than we ever anticipated. Millions of years is a long time for us, but it’s the blink of an eye on the cosmic scale. Blink too fast, and you’ll miss that pond scum turning into an intelligent civilization sending out messages every which way, looking for friends.
Adventures in the “Goldilocks zone.”
—N.P.
In 2012, the photographer Steven Hirsch asked UFO-convention attendees who claimed to have had personal contact with extraterrestrials to draw and describe their experiences. A sampling below.
Paul Allen When Congress cut off funding for NASA’s hunt for aliens in 1993, Allen gave millions to the SETI Institute; in 2009, the Allen Telescope Array started searching the cosmos. Allen has given an additional $30 million to the project, a sum that bought him a guarantee that if the array detects an extraterrestrial communiqué, Allen will be the first nonscientist to know.
Yuri Milner Last year, Milner — named after a Russian cosmonaut — announced a plan to send spaceships to Saturn’s moon Enceladus in search of alien life. Milner is also funding Breakthrough Listen, a ten-year project to use a telescope in West Virginia to search for messages from intelligent life, and Breakthrough Starshot, in conjunction with Mark Zuckerberg and the late Stephen Hawking.
TU: Right, so we actually have unique information to communicate. You could have the most sophisticated species, and we can still tell them something they don’t know about our history.
Barney and Betty Hill’s AbductionThe Hills (above) claimed that in 1961 a bright light swooped over their car on a New Hampshire road and that they woke up a few hours later and the car had been “magnetized.” With regressive hypnosis, both were able to recall being abducted and probed by the little gray men, which soon became the de facto alien description. (The Hills’ captors were, interestingly, very similar to Selenites — the five-foot moon inhabitants H.G. Wells invented for The First Men in the Moon.) Betty astonished authorities when she began drawing a map of the constellation the creatures claimed to be from. Initially it looked like nonsense, until a few scientists noticed its resemblance to Zeta Reticuli, a system inside the constellation Reticulum largely unknown in that year. Their case generated widespread publicity, partly because they were a mixed-race couple in the ’60s, and turned into the flagship example of a “close encounter,” though not until years after the fact (skeptics argue the delayed report is a sign it’s a hoax). The hype ultimately culminated in The UFO Incident, a 1975 made-for-TV movie starring James Earl Jones and Estelle Parsons.
The Aliens Are Still EvolvingMaybe alien life is actually everywhere — it’s just not intelligent enough to speak with us. It took about 3.5 billion years of evolution to turn single-celled microbes into humans. Maybe we just happened to evolve faster and earlier than everyone else.
Katie Heaney: Why, when we think of aliens, do they all look the same — three feet tall, gray or green, big black eyes?
JB: We’re the people doing the projecting here. Much the same way people do with God — really, what sense does it make for a supernatural entity to have a gender or be humanoid Anthropomorphized supernatural entities tend to be more compelling.
KH: Is there a reason why so many of the abduction stories feature “probing”?
KH: I’ve heard that sightings are way down in the smartphone era, when people presumably don’t take a story as proof enough.
1960: The modern search for ETs begins when Frank Drake uses an 85-foot radio telescope in the hills of West Virginia to scan stars for signs of intelligent life; he later develops an equation to estimate the number of advanced civilizations.
1992: NASA formally begins its own SETI program.
2016: Breakthrough Listen launches; it will collect as much data in a day as past SETI projects collected in a year.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain’s information commissioner, announced earlier on Monday that she is seeking a warrant to raid Cambridge Analytica’s offices and seize its servers. (Cambridge Analytica is a London-based company.) Her statement came following the publication of a special investigation from the U.K.’s Channel 4 News about Cambridge Analytica, in which several of the company’s executives were taped offering to entrap politicians in situations involving bribes and sex workers. (Cambridge Analytica denied that the company has ever used such measures, Business Insider reports.)
By Monday, the plot had only thickened. Over the weekend, Cambridge Analytica co-founder Christopher Wylie tweeted that his Facebook account had been suspended. Wylie is the whistle-blower whose revelations to major news outlets prompted Facebook’s late-night press release in the first place.
What happened in the 1970s and 1980s that made the little gray abductor such a dominant trope in these fantasies?The short answer is media — stories, TV, movies about abductions. Those came partly from people’s experiences — in particular Travis Walton, whom they made Fire in the Sky about. That was a really influential movie. That representation diffused that narrative more widely. Betty and Barney Hill are another pair of famous abductees who put their story out there. As far as why these folks were putting their stories out there then and not reporting them earlier, that’s hard to say.
On the topic of abduction, is there a reason so many of these stories feature “probing”? Is probing a predominantly male fantasy/story? Is there an equivalent female trope?Women report being probed in various ways too. A lot of times in these stories there is a sexual element. Men will report having sperm extraction, and women will report having eggs extracted. It kind of goes both ways.
What do some of those positive abduction narratives sound like?They tend to be akin to religion in some ways. Inside the UFO subculture, a lot of times contactee narratives fit this enlightenment model, in which beings of higher enlightenment show people the errors of humanity, or help them reach a higher plane of consciousness. They oftentimes have a religious feel to them. In contrast, the abduction narratives are usually perceived as a negative experience, and when people talk about those, they’re mainly trying to prove to other people that their trauma is real.
The probe part of the abduction narrative took over in some sense because it tends to be the most salacious aspect of these stories. It’s become almost become shorthand for alien abduction. But the stories of abduction among believers are really diverse, and usually probing is only one small part of it. There are still more people who claim positive forms of contact than claim negative forms of contact, despite the fact that the negative abduction narrative is the one that predominates in popular culture.
Are there any conclusions you’ve been able to draw about the type of people who believe?Men are more likely to believe and people with lower levels of income are more likely to believe. Interestingly, though the stereotype is that it’s tinfoil-hat wearers, that doesn’t hold at all. We don’t really find strong patterns by education, and if we do, there’s usually a slight positive effect. It’s not ignorance, and it’s not low education.
I’ve heard that sightings are way down in the smartphone era, when people presumably don’t take a story as proof enough — what do we know about the prevalence of belief in UFOs and aliens? And about the frequency of sightings over the decades?There are only a few surveys that asked subjects about witnessing UFOs in the ’80s and ’90s, but as far as I’ve seen, rates of reported sightings and rate of belief have been pretty stable. The 2005 Baylor Religion survey found that 26 percent of respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the statement “Some UFOs are probably spaceships from other worlds.” The 2014 Chapman Survey of American Fears found that 42 percent of respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the statement “Some UFOs are really spaceships from another planet.” In the CSAF survey, they didn’t offer a neutral/“don’t know” option, so that drove up the numbers there. My sense is that stability is actually the answer once you remove question-modifier effects.
It’s true that it’s easier to hoax things now than it used to be. I would think that an increased availability of videos, if it was going to do anything, might lead to more belief, but from most of what I’ve seen, it looks more like stasis.
One of the other strongest predictors is not participating as strongly in forms of organized religion. In some sense, there’s a bit of a clue there about what’s going on with belief — it’s providing an alternative belief system. If you look at religious-service attendance, there will be a strong negative effect there for belief in UFOs.
I wonder if part of the reason the most popular image of an alien is three feet tall is so it feels less threatening.If you see the way people describe the grays, they’re sadistic little bastards. They may be little, but you probably don’t want to trifle with them.
That said, one of the strongest predictors you can find for believers is their extreme distrust of the government. To the extent that Trump undermines the legitimacy of the government, that might actually increase belief in UFOs. If more people distrust government, that’s only going to be a boon for UFO subculture.
Most alien-encounter stories give aliens one of two motives — either they want something from us, or they want to kill us. What does that say about us?It shows that we have a high level of perceived self-importance. The idea that in this vast universe, these beings sought us out in this tiny corner of the spiral arm of the Milky Way to come learn something from us is a bit flattering. So it also serves the role for us of saying we’re an important part of the universe. In some of the more negative stories, aliens treat us like we’re in a zoo, and I suppose that downplays our importance some. The standard abduction story subordinates us and makes us feel inferior.
*A version of this article appears in the March 19, 2018, issue of New York Magazine. Subscribe Now!
In January, Stephen Wolfram — the computer-scientist, part-time epistemologist, and author of both “A New Kind of Science” and the Wolfram Language, a “universal” programming language that (among other things) informed the alien communication in the movie Arrival — wrote an exceedingly long blog post about how best to communicate with aliens. It was called “Showing Off to the Universe: Beacons for the Afterlife of Our Civilization.” In March, Tim Urban of waitbutwhy.com called him up to talk about it.
I’m very excited, this is very fun to get to talk to you. You know, you kind of created a universal language you might be able to communicate with aliens with. I don’t talk to many people who have done that.Indeed.
Yeah.Which I’ve subscribed to for 50 years, but my main conclusion is if I read it in New Scientist, it probably won’t happen.
Okay, well, I guess that’s good because it freaked me out a little bit. I’ve written about the Fermi paradox and have always grouped expert theories into two broad camps: There are those who say, “Look, we haven’t heard from other civilizations because there probably aren’t any out there, because we would have seen some evidence otherwise” — like Nick Bostrom and a number of others … And then the second camp that says, “There are almost definitely many other advanced civilizations out there, there are just plenty of other explanations for why we wouldn’t see evidence of them.” And this paper was interesting because it kind of was saying both camps are legitimate. Not only might we be alone in the Milky Way; we might be the only intelligent life, or even the only life at all in the observable universe. This is what the simulation suggests, but at the same time the median result that the simulation spits out is that the galaxy is teeming with life. So it very much allows for both possibilities. I think the main difficulty with all of these things is the definitional one. That is … you talk about life, you talk about intelligence; what are those things abstractly?
But I have talked to a few people recently about the Fermi paradox, including Anders Sandberg at Oxford’s Future of Humanity Institute, who recently co-authored a really fascinating paper … about how when you run a simulation of all the possible outputs of the Drake equation, using this Monte Carlo technique, you end up with the conclusion that there’s a substantial probability that we’re alone in the Milky Way. Oh, I did see some mention of this, but I think I saw it in New Scientist.
One of the things that I’m fond of quoting is the statement “The weather has a mind of its own.” What does this mean? What is mind? What is the abstract kind of thing that’s like mind? It’s the ability to do sophisticated computation. That’s something that exists in the weather, just as it exists in our brains, just as it exists in lots of living systems. And then the question is, what’s different between the weather and its sort of mindlike thing and our human intelligence? The fundamental answer to that is our human intelligence has its particular cultural, civilizational history and the weather doesn’t.
We know the specific example that we have historically been exposed to: life on Earth, human intelligence. The question is, when you generalize away from that, what do you get to? In my work in basic science, one of the main conclusions has been that the core element of both life and intelligence is sophisticated computation. And it turns out sophisticated computation is actually a quite ubiquitous thing.
Right.People turn to start saying, “What is intelligence? What’s special about, for example, human intelligence?” I think this is a moment, with respect to intelligence, that’s very much like the moment 400 years ago or something, with Copernicus and so on, where we’re asking, “Okay, is our Earth at the center of the universe? Is there something extremely special about the Earth?” And there’s nothing else like it in the universe, so to speak.
We kind of have this assumption that our particular form of intelligence, with its particular history, is somehow the only, the best, the definition of intelligence, so to speak. And I just think this isn’t true.
Now when we ask, “Okay, have we seen extraterrestrial intelligence?” — okay, what might that mean?
It sounds like what you’re doing is you’re zooming out really far. When you zoom out, you’re saying that even life as we define it is not actually a clear-cut thing. It’s not a binary universe where there’s lots of dead stuff and then there’s this special thing that we call life. And life has the capacity for intelligence, while dead things do not. You’re saying that life is just another system that can exhibit some kind of sophisticated computation and that we’re very Earth-life-centric when we think about this problem.Let’s take life as an example. How do we define it? You look at the historical efforts to define life; first of all, it was “Things which can move themselves must be alive.” Okay, well then, with all kinds of steam engines and other kinds of technology — that’s not a good definition. Then there are definitions like “Life means certain kinds of organic molecules”; those turn out to be synthesizable, and they turn out to even exist in some cases in interstellar space and so on.
Right — what exactly is that question asking?Well my own suspicion is that the first form of nonhuman-aligned intelligence that we’re getting exposed to is artificial intelligence. My guess about how things will develop historically is we’ll get more and more used to the idea of AI and nonhuman intelligence and so on. Eventually, we’ll get used to the idea that there are these kind of nonhuman intelligences embodied in what’s possible in the computational universe and what we can use for AI. Then we’ll realize that actually lots of things out there in the universe are intelligence-like things. And we’ll eventually realize the resolution of the Fermi paradox is, yeah, in some sense there’s intelligence in lots of places in the universe; it just hasn’t happened to be historically aligned with our particular intelligence.
Now we might turn out to be lucky in a sense, and it might turn out that in the space of possible intelligences, there are some whose history is sufficiently similar to ours that we can kind of point to a lot of these details of human intelligence and say, “Yeah, that’s a replication of that.” But it’s hard to know what this kind of space of possible intelligences looks like — how far apart the different things in it are. And that’s my feeling about the resolution of the apparent paradoxes — there’s intelligence in lots of places in the universe, it’s just that it doesn’t happen to be in detail aligned with our idea of intelligence.
Then there are the definitions like decreasing entropy or self-replication. Self-replication, for example; we know it’s easy to make programs that replicate themselves. It’s even easier to make things that replicate themselves — well, certainly in the digital domain it’s particularly easy to make things that replicate themselves.But there’s nothing tremendously special about this feature of self-replication.
You could even look at the whole thing as a continuum — it’s all just atoms and energy doing stuff. And atoms and energy do stuff in stars and planets and gas clouds, dictated by these fundamental forces, and then they also sometimes form what we call biology. And then the biology sometimes forms what we would call artificial intelligence. And if you take a big step back, it’s just all one thing. It’s atoms doing what atoms do. But I still think that leaves an open Fermi paradox, which is just asking the question, “Well, okay, but how about life like us? How about other intelligent stuff that we would recognize as biology that has something that we would call self-awareness that is …” You’re sliding down a slippery slope there because you bring in self-awareness and you think perhaps that that’s kind of the key thing. I’ve studied a lot of simple computational systems. One of my favorite types is called cellular automata, which is sort of arrays of black and white cells that follow simple rules. And you look at what they do, and they do very complicated things. And as you start talking about them and trying to explain to somebody, “Well, this is what it does. It’s got this thing, it’s got that thing.” You pretty quickly find yourself giving a very humanlike explanation for what it’s doing: “It wants to do this. It’s trying to do that.” You kind of realize that you are, at least implicitly, attributing a certain kind of free will to the system. And when you talk about all these kinds of things — consciousness, self-awareness, free will … those are slippery things to define. But I don’t think that there’s a definition of them that is sufficiently abstract, so it would apply to these other sophisticated computational systems.
I remember when I was a kid and the first Mars landers were going out. One of the big questions was, “Was there going to be life on Mars?” And there were little things that scooped up soil from the Martian surface and then they did various tests on them. And I think the one that was kind of the finest and best test for life was pretty much you feed the soil sugar and you see whether it metabolizes. Now I don’t think that the essence of what we might reasonably call life is that it happens to like eating sugar, so to speak. That seems a very disappointing conclusion. If that’s the thing we’re aiming for, if that’s the thing they’re concentrating on, that doesn’t seem like really a suitable, general definition that it’s likely to cover things that are lifelike out there in the universe.
But people do seem to have some intuitive sense of what it means for something to be alive, don’t they? Even if it’s a sense that changes over time?If you present somebody with, “Here’s two things, which one of them is alive?” For us, given the history of life on Earth, it’s pretty easy to answer that question. You go look and see if it has RNA in it, see if it has cell membranes in it. Those things are, for us, the pragmatic, practical definition of life. But I don’t think we believe that the essence of life is RNA, is that specific molecule. And so as you say, one is thinking about zooming out to figure out what is the abstract definition of life.
Now, imagine radio signals coming from the cosmos and ask yourself, Are they intelligent or not? What would it take for you to be convinced that they were intelligent? A little more than 100 years ago, Tesla [and] Marconi were kind of radio pioneers. And they were listening to natural radio for the first time. And I think Tesla in particular found that he could hear these weird sounds when converted from radio coming from the cosmos, so to speak. And his immediate assumption was that must be signaling by the Martians. It sounds complicated enough, it must have an intelligent origin; it must be the Martians. And it turns out what he was hearing were features of the magnetosphere and the ionosphere that are, in a sense, what we would say today are pure physics. When you listen to them, you say,What do those sound like? And one of the obvious things that they sound like is they sound like whale songs.
Those creatures don’t happen to build skyscrapers and electric cars and so on, but that’s a fairly recent thing in human civilization and I think we’d still count ourselves intelligent before we had all the modern skyscrapers and so on. So I think it’s a really tricky thing. It’s very clear what we mean by humanlike intelligence, at least at this point in history. Humanlike intelligence may itself evolve over time and may even be — as we get more connected to AI and more digital and so on — it may end up being almost unrecognizable at some point in the future.
Or it might become just an unimportant distinction. When I think about cellular automata, I think that when you really start boiling down the physical world, it seems like it ends up becoming indistinguishable from the computational world in a way; where at the very core, the physical world is just elementary particles instructed by the rule of the forces of physics to do something that’s based on what’s happening in their neighborhood. And it suddenly starts to feel like if you boil down a human, you end up with something that is no more alive than a sequence of cellular automata. Is that fair?Yes, a whole lot of that’s right. But in a sense all that’s saying is we’re all fated to be part of the universe with its particular laws of physics. We, by our luck or something else, have been thrown into this particular universe in which we happen to live. And it has certain attributes. The fact is that what we understand from the structure of computation and so on is that within that physical universe, we can construct essentially virtual worlds that behave according to any other rule that one might find in the computational universe. Just like we can program a computer to do any kind of computation, we can similarly program our universe to effectively do any kind of computation.
Even in the case of whales, it’s very unclear what the intelligence level or the communication level or whatever of whale songs actually is. And I think that’s a good example of where you could say, “Well, let’s talk Fermi paradox on Earth. Why isn’t there more intelligence on Earth?” Well, are we sure there isn’t? What exactly is going on with whales?
It like our universe is just one program. Our physical universe is a subset of the far more vast computational universe.What we realize is that in a sense, ubiquitous computation is ubiquitous; it’s kind of a blank slate. There’s nothing notable about it in this sense.
Capturing who we are and sending it outward is just as much an emotional thing as it is anything else. We happen to be attached to this information. We think it’s important to us. And it makes us sad to consider it just being extinguished from the record. And so maybe we don’t need a better reason than that. We would like this information to be preserved, even if we don’t end up being preserved.
It’s something which is an interesting thing for our current civilization to imagine: What is the essence of what we’ve produced and how can we imagine communicating it? I’m kind of particularly amused by for example, Elon Musk’s car going into … launching his car into space, because that is so extremely aligned with the notion of grave goods from ancient Egypt or ancient China or something. It’s really charming. It’s literally this concept of grave goods, where you’re taking things from your everyday life and you’re burying them with you. In this case, you’re sending them out into the cosmos.
This leads into the main topic for this conversation, which is that you wrote a very long, very considered post on your website about how we might, theoretically, try to communicate with aliens. I want to get into that, but first, let’s discuss why we would even want to do this. Why is this mission important to try to communicate and send out time capsules and capture information about us?I think it’s having pride about what we’ve achieved and building a monument to it. That’s as important as it is to imagine that at some point, some alien is gonna pick it up and do something with it. It’s like, Why were the pyramids built? Well, it was probably in large part as an exercise for the time, more so than that they thought this is gonna be something to transmit to the afterlife.
So when we think about the human condition and humans and so on, what we realize is actually many of the details of human condition are what we should really care about because they’re what’s special about us. It’s not this thing where we say, “Look, the thing that’s really special about us is we have intelligence and nothing else does.” That’s not right. The thing that’s special about us is endless details of our particular history that won’t be shared by anything else in the universe. It’s inconceivable. Probabilities are vastly staked against any repetition of the detailed history that’s led to our particular human intelligence and so on.
And the questions you ponder in your post are what exactly we should be trying to communicate and how we could actually get that information across effectively. And you concluded that, even though you yourself have written a whole language to use to communicate, that we might not actually do better than sending cryogenically preserved humans, which, as you pointed out, is a lot like what the Egyptians thought they were doing. Right.
And that’s because so many other approaches have problems with them, both in the content of what we might send out and the method we’re using to communicate that content. Let’s start with the first issue — what exactly is it that we would want to say to the rest of the universe if we had the chance? People have often proposed that we communicate math, since they view it as universal — but as you point out, if you’re just letting them know one plus one equals two, what are you actually communicating?Right, because what do you learn about the originators of the message one plus one equals two? For example, we have lots of tablets, Babylonian mathematical tablets. And what do we learn from those? The thing we learn is how much math the Babylonians knew, but once you’ve got a fix on how much math the Babylonians knew, every new tablet gives you no new information, because it’s telling you a bunch of arithmetic facts, which are not special for the Babylonians, so to speak.
I think the thing to realize is that in the computational universe, we in our particular history of our civilization have followed a particular path. There are an infinite number of possible paths that we could’ve followed. We understand the particular path that we’ve followed, and you could imagine some other “civilization” in quotes somewhere that followed a different path. And to them, our path would be quite as mysterious as the paths that these systems like the neural networks we’re building and so on take.
It’s connected, I think, to your ideas about computational irreducibility. In our day-to-day lives, there are a lot of examples of ongoing processes that follow a consistent pattern that allows us to use math to see how things will play out in the future. If we know a fixed growth rate on an investment, that’s computationally reducible, so it’s easy for us to plug “t = 30” into an equation and see what the investment will have grown to 30 years from now. But in the natural universe, things don’t tend to boil down to consistent, repeating patterns — they tend to be, as you say, irreducibly computational. You mentioned the weather, which is an example of something that’s not computationally reducible. You can ask the smartest person in the world what the weather will be like on a particular Thursday 100,000 years from now, but they’re not going to be able to get there with math — you’re gonna have to go through 100,000 of weather patterns, step by step, a few days at a time, without making any mistakes along the way. In theory, a powerful enough computer might be able to do that, but it would take a tremendous amount of computation. That’s right. I think the thing to realize is at some level, computational irreducibility seems disappointing because it means that even if you have the best theory in the world, you can’t predict everything. But it also is kind of very satisfying because it means that if you look at the evolution of human civilization, or any one of a whole lot of different processes that correspond to sophisticated computations, you don’t just say, “Oh, you don’t really need to do that computation. You don’t need to live through all of that, you can just jump to the end and say this is the answer.” There’s something actually irreducibly achieved by going through those steps of evolution. By actually living through it, so to speak.
Right.The fact is, this is beginning to seem obvious to us. That conclusion is beginning to seem obvious to us. But it’s kind of interesting that for the last 300 years, that conclusion would be, “Oh my gosh, that can’t possibly be right.” Because the basic idea of exact science that came from Galileo and Newton and people like that 300 years ago was actually, you can write down a mathematical equation and just be able to jump to the answer.
So as far as what we might want to communicate to extraterrestrial life, the valuable thing we can tell them is about the particulars of us and our history. You could have the most sophisticated species, they could be controlling the energy of their whole galaxy, and we still have something they can’t get.That’s right.
And that brings us to the second quandary here, which is about how we communicate this information to extraterrestrial life. You write about how we need to somehow form a language with whomever we’re communicating with. And once we have a common language that they can understand, we can suddenly tell them everything. We can send them the contents of Wikipedia or Wolfram Alpha, or we can send them the contents of every book, and they can, with the language, now learn everything that we would ever want them to learn about us. So the challenge is coming up with some kind of language that can work.But what is language? What is the point of language? If you have a brain, maybe it’s a neural net, maybe it’s an actual biological brain and you’re trying to communicate something that brain knows to some other brain. Well, if these brains were exactly, precisely similarly constructed; maybe you could just do a brain dump. Move the information just bit by bit to the other brain. That probably wouldn’t work because the other brain already has a different state from different experiences that it’s had. You don’t get to just do bit-for-bit copying of information like that, brain-to-brain, so to speak. You kind of have to communicate things at a somewhat higher level. When you walk down the street, you don’t want to have to say there are ten-to-the-26th atoms that are arranged in this particular way, and they’re doing this particular thing, because what you want to do is zoom out and make this more symbolic statement about what’s going on.
Right.So I’ve spent a large part of my life building this thing they call Wolfram Language, which is a symbolic representation of things in the world and things that humans care about doing in the world. And in practice, Wolfram Language, which powers Wolfram Alpha, which powers things like Siri and so on; it’s in practice used by lots of people to … It’s been used to discover and invent lots and lots of things over the past 30 years where basically it’s humans are describing in Wolfram Language at a high level what ultimately can get automatically done by computers.
So if we decided we want to communicate using the Wolfram Language, how would we physically transmit that to them? You’re working with the Arch Mission, where they want to send information on these little quartz discs. But how would an intelligent life know something is on the disc and be able to read it?Those are really good questions. I mean the fact is that even when you say, “Know something is there.” What does “know” mean in this sense? If you have a big arrow that says, “Look here. This is the thing you should care about.” I think that’s honestly pretty hopeless. So let’s imagine that we have something that we can represent that’s sort of the crystallization of our civilization and put it out in the cosmos and it gets found by some other thing that we might recognize as sort of an intelligence-like thing. And then that intelligence-like thing goes on and it … What would it be? If we were to see what was happening, what would make us say, “Oh, great, they got it. They understood what was going on.”
Well if a similar kind of species was so smart that they saw this disc, they said this looks like something that must have been sent from … This must have been intentionally created. And they’re advanced enough to figure out how to read what’s on the disc. And then one day they’re putting on Shakespeare plays on their version of Broadway because they have all the texts on the disc. They have absorbed it, they’re listening to our music, they’re arguing about our philosophy, they’re debating our history. Wouldn’t we say that succeeded? Well, okay, so here’s sort of a counter to that; which is we’ve been transmitting radio for 100 years, roughly. Somewhere out there in the universe the Lucy show is — it’s been what, 50-something years, so it’s 50 light-years away. There’s probably some cloud of ionized gas where atoms in it are jumping around at least a tiny bit to correspond to the pixels or the scan lines or something in the I Love Lucy show or some such other thing.
So it might seem intuitive to us that if you know enough about the Big Bang and you know exactly how the earliest particles were moving, you can start to find a rule and you can just apply that rule forward and enter the current year as the time variable and it will spit out the universe as it is now, which would include all of the details of human civilization. And your point is that because of computational irreducibility, it’s like the weather where you can’t actually do that. The only way to actually discover what’s on step x is to just go through all the steps to get there. You have to just live through it and actually see what is currently here to understand what would have ended up here. So, by communicating to aliens the specifics of what happened here on Earth — what this program, this physical universe program, has outputted in this particular location — we actually tell them something both unique to us and something they don’t know. It’s something they have no way to know without a grand universe simulator.And when it comes to simulating the whole physical universe, we’re obviously kind of out of luck because we have to build that simulator in the physical universe and it doesn’t get to outrun itself.
Now, the question is does that mean they got that soap opera, so to speak? Or is that just a physical process where the radio wave goes and it impinges on this plasma and it’s doing this particular thing? Well, it’s a little hard to know. That’s, again, a slippery slope because you could say, “Well, this thing that is … It’s a human effect on the natural world and the human effect on the natural world has the natural world respond in some complicated way to that human effect.” Does that mean the natural world understood the human’s input? Or is it just that we say, “Well, let’s take it apart. It’s just a natural process, it’s just operating going into physics.”
You could do the same for us — for this conversation. Yes, somebody could look from the outside and say, “Are these guys communicating? Or is it just the sound waves are turning into bit patterns and they’re coming out of the other end and then that’s affecting neurons in this brain and electrochemistry is going on and so on. It’s all just physics. There’s nothing happening here. No communication is happening, it’s just physics.” How do we distinguish that from something where we’re talking about it now?
Now the one place where there is perhaps some distinction is, you do have to reach this threshold of sophisticated computation when all that’s happening is pure parroting of what goes on. The sound wave is propagating through the air, and it’s just the compression wave is at this place and it moves to that place — that’s a sufficiently simple process that I don’t think one would say reaches this threshold of universal computation. You would say, “No, no. There isn’t anything. That’s not intelligence by any definition.”
But there’s plenty that does meet that threshold. A lots of things in the natural world, in the computational universe, reach that level of equivalent computational sophistication. And you might think there’s this whole hierarchy of computational sophistication … There are these systems down here that are almost smart and then there are these systems that are a bit smarter and a bit smarter, and then eventually you reach our intelligence and then you go beyond that and you get to superintelligence and hyperintelligence. And there’d be some whole infinite hierarchy of levels of intelligence. But I don’t think that’s the way it is. I think that’s just one level and it’s not very hard to reach it.
It’s actually rather easy to capture all possible computations but at sort of the lowest level, but what we want to capture is at a high level, the kinds of computations that humans in the present time and civilization, present time in history and so on, are interested in. And so, the goal there is to have a precise representation of lots of things that we humans care about doing. And one of the things that’s important, then, is that that’s something that can readily transport those complete ideas and goals and so on because it’s a precise, symbolic language that you can execute the same way. It just has particular rules for executing it.
And I think that’s the thing when you say, “Is there intelligence out there in the universe?” The answer is yes, there’s lots of it.
Yesterday, we outlined thirteen reasons to take recent reports of UFOs and extraterrestrial life seriously, including a chat with former Senate majority leader Harry Reid about the government’s research into the topic. Here, an extended version of that conversation.
Hi, this is Eric Benson from New York Magazine. Hi, Eric. Why do you want to talk to me?
Well, because of the New York Times article and the program that you helped bring about. Well, I’m happy to talk to you. Just let me preface this by saying this, if we’re here to talk about little green men or stuff that you want to look at that was found in New Mexico or something, I’m not interested. If you’re here to talk about science, I’m happy to do that. I’m really glad to do that. I’m glad somebody is interested, because it’s a subject that is being terribly neglected, so I’m happy to talk to you.
Great. Well, I don’t want to talk to you about little green men. Okay.
One thing I am curious about, though, is just where your interest in this subject comes from. That’s pretty easy. When I first got out of law school many, many years ago, in the mid-’60s, I worked with three other lawyers. A big case we had was a case involving a bunch of rich Las Vegas businessmen. They went into L.A. International Airport, tried to take off, and the plane crashed and killed them all. It was a very interesting case. It went to Supreme Court, a mistrial declared, hung jury, went on for years.
One of the people who was killed in that plane crash was a guy by the name of Bigelow. He was not as wealthy, but he was a wealthy man in Las Vegas who ran a carpet company, Bigelow Carpet. His son was 18 years old when that crash occurred. He’s a central figure in all this. I didn’t know him, but when he was a young man, he heard a story from his grandparents about driving down from Mt. Charleston — that’s a 12,000-foot mountain just ten miles out of Las Vegas — where they saw something in the air. This so-called flying saucer, for lack of a better description. It piqued his curiosity.
He became a very wealthy man. I mean extremely wealthy. During the time that he had some money, he said, “I would like to know more about this.” He would have, several times a year, at his big office here in Las Vegas — knew how to make money buying and selling real estate. He would pay for these seminars, these conferences, and he would bring in scientists, academics, and a few nut cases. That’s a bad way of talking about some people, but, you know — people who were really, in my opinion, kind of on the fringes.
Probably the No. 1 TV journalist in Nevada was a guy by the name of George Knapp. He and I were friends. He had known me for years. He said to me one day, “Hey, I know this guy Bigelow, he’s interested in a subject, I don’t know if you have any interest in it all, but you should get to know him. He’s got a lot of money. He’s kind of an interesting guy. I’ll introduce you. You’ll go to one of those little deals and spend a few hours with him.”
I did that. It was really fascinating quite frankly because there were people trying to figure out what all this aerial phenomenon was. Bigelow knew I was interested.
I’ve always been a voracious reader. I blinded myself in one eye — I used to read really, really fast, and I can still read fairly fast with only one eye; not nearly as fast as I used to. Just a little side note: I took the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics course here in Las Vegas, and I was told I was the fastest reader they ever had in Nevada. I can read so fast.
How fast are you? Is there a number that represents — I don’t know. I don’t know. But anyway, to make a long story short, he started sending me tons of stuff. I mean tons of stuff. I read it. A lot of it was nothing that interested me. It was, they reexamined and examined and reexamined the crash in New Mexico that happened down there that everybody knows about that knows anything about this subject. It was repetitive, and I didn’t care. But there was some stuff that interested me. Mainly what interested me is so many people had seen these strange things in the air. That was interesting to me.
I’m in the Senate now and one day was joined by John Glenn, who I thought was just such a wonderful human being. I said to John, “Hey John, I’ve been reading all this stuff, do you have any interest in it?” He said, “I’ve always had an interest in it.” You get the picture so far, right?
Yeah.I’m in Washington in the Senate and Bob Bigelow called me — I kept in touch with him over the years. He called me and he said, “I got the strangest letter here. Could I have a courier bring it to you?” I said, “Sure.” He didn’t want to send it to me over the lines for obvious reasons.
I read the letter. The letter was from a federal national-security agency. Okay? The letter said, “I am a senior, longtime member of this security agency, and I have a Ph.D.” — I can’t remember in what, in physics for sure, maybe math also. “And,” the letter said, “I’m interested. I’m interested in talking to you, Mr. Bigelow. I have an interest in what you’ve been working on. I want to go to your ranch in Utah.”
Bigelow had bought a great big ranch, a 70-, 100-acre ranch in Utah that was in a basin for more than a century.
Was that the Skinwalker Ranch? Yeah, that’s it. I called Bigelow back and said, “Hey, I’ll meet with the guy.” I called the guy. He said, “I don’t want to meet at my office, I don’t want to meet at your office. Where can we meet?” I said, “Come to my home.” The two of us met and I was terribly impressed with him. Very low-key scientist. He told me of his interest. I called Bigelow and I said, “This guy, I’ve checked him out and he seems like a pretty nice guy and his credentials are as he says.”
He went, met Bigelow, and after I don’t know how much time went by, he came to me and said, “Something should be done about this.Somebody should study it.” I was convinced he was right. I said, “Well, if you were me, what would you say to people in power in the United States Senate who have huge control over the spending of defense money?” And here’s what he said: “What I will do is prepare something for you that anyone can look at it that wants to, it’s strictly science.” He put it in scientific language — what the study should consist of.
I, at the time, was the leader of the Senate, and I called two of my friends who for many, many years were like brothers. One a Democrat, one a Republican. They controlled for quite a number of years the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. It was Stevens and Inouye.
As I said in the New York Times article, it was the easiest meeting I ever had. I walked in and I knew so much and Ted Stevens interrupted me and said, “I’ve heard enough.” He said, “Since I was a pilot in World War II, I’ve been tremendously curious, concerned about stuff that we don’t know anything about.” He said, “I was in my airplane alone and off to my left was an object. I could see it. It was so close to me. I would veer up, down, sideways. Wherever I went, it was there. I was starting to get low on fuel, went and landed, and went to the air-traffic controller. I said, ‘Was there anybody up in the air with me?’ The guy said, ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’”
That’s why it was an easy sell for him. He, Ted Stevens, when he was in the military, didn’t go to his superior and say, “I saw the damnedest thing in the air.” Why? Because the work we did, pilots would almost refuse to report this stuff. Why? Because it would hurt them in their promotions and make them look like goofballs.
What we decided to do — it would be black money, we wouldn’t have a big debate on the Senate floor over it. They would put in their defense appropriation bill, 11 million bucks. The purpose of it was to study aerial phenomena. The money was given, a directive was given to the Pentagon, to put this out to bid, which they did.
People may be inquisitive: “How did Bigelow win that bid? Why?” Because he had spent his own money first. For two years, the federal government helped him. Thousands of pages were gathered, just like I told you, of things that had happened. There was no central location where all this stuff was gathered — that’s what he did. He built his building for it. For two years, when we got financial help — but there was a change in leadership and it didn’t work. So the federal government dropped out of the project.
As you’ve heard from a few people since this story came out, Luis Elizondo, for example, he quit, because they wouldn’t do anything seriously. He was terribly interested in this. They’re all mad because the federal government has done nothing. The guy that came to me, his job was in jeopardy because he tried to do something he felt was appropriate. He said to me first time we met, “I don’t know why we’re not doing anything.” He said, “I’ll bet the Chinese are.” He said, “I’ll bet the Russians are. I’ll bet the Japanese are. Why aren’t we doing anything?”
That’s the story. You’ve got in a nutshell, that’s how I got involved in this.
Great. I’m curious: Before you met Bigelow and went to his conferences, probably in the 1990s, were you a science buff? Were you just interested in things like space and aeronautics? Zero. I’ll give you a couple of facts to support that. I took a math class in high school, geometry. I had to go beg the teacher to give me a D so I could play football. That’s not my strong suit, math and science. But that doesn’t take away the fact that I’m terribly interested. Some of my friends were really interested in science fiction. It bores me. I was never interested in it. Just didn’t care.
Not even the Mercury program, Apollo program? Was that something — Zero. I mean I read the news. I saw it. That was nice, but it never piqued my curiosity about how they got a rocket into space, that kind of stuff. That was never my interest.
After it became something you were interested in and you got to Congress and the Senate, was it something you discussed with other members, other than Senator Glenn? No, no, no. Because, Eric, you have to understand, this is a subject people are interested in, but they’re all … how to say this … they’re all afraid of the issue just like the pilots who won’t report these strange things. They’re afraid somebody will think they’re some kind of a wacko. With me, everybody always knew I was a wacko anyway. I didn’t care. I felt everybody knew who I was and it was something I was interested in. If you, or members of the press, want to criticize me, I didn’t care. I found this true because I felt I was doing something for our country.
What was different about talking with Senator Glenn about it? Hey, listen, this is an ace in World War II and Korea. He’d already been into space, was a wonderful human being. I just cared so much about him. He was truly an American hero.
I traveled with him when I was a relatively new senator. Take, for example, we had to go over the Iron Curtain to Czechoslovakia, and the train stops at the border, and we get out of the train, the whole delegation. They have dogs, and they search us. With Glenn, two of the Russians, or they were Czechs or whatever they were, asked if they could have his autograph. He was a world-famous man.
I felt totally at ease, and he was interested. Did he say to me, “Let’s sit down sometime and have a long talk about this?” Neither of us had time to do that. But he was interested, and that was good enough for me. It helped me not feel like I was some kind of a goofball.
Yeah. Did he recount anything from his astronaut career? No, he did not go into detail like Stevens did.
You know something interesting? Here in Las Vegas is an Air Force pilot — Joe Biden mentions him in his book, his name is Flynn. He was a colonel in the Air Force. I had gotten to know him. He’s a super-nice guy. I said, “Hey, you ever seen any of these things?” He said, “Of course.” You know, people just don’t talk about them.
I read somewhere, and I don’t know if this is really true at all, that you talked to President Clinton about aerial phenomenon and UFOs during his presidency. Yes, I did. I did do that. Of course, you could talk to Bill Clinton about oranges. He had such an overwhelming curiosity that he would talk to you about oranges. This was a very passing conversation, but he was interested, of course. That’s just who he was. As you know, one of his No. 1 staffers, John Podesta, who worked for him at Walmart, has publicly supported all this stuff.
Have you talked with John Podesta about this? Oh sure, he’s called me. Of course he has. He’s glad I did it.
Yeah. Just since the Times article publicized it, or was this something you talked about before? We had talked about it before.
Why, if you want these things to be more public and more accepted now, why did you feel the need [for it] to be kept secret then? Because I wanted to get something done. I didn’t want a debate that no one knew what the hell they were talking about on the Senate floor.
Makes sense. When the program was running, was this something that you would be briefed on frequently? Were you briefed on it ever? No, I left everybody alone. Nope.
You were never briefed? That’s not my style, nope.
You just weren’t, in terms of reading the reports that they compiled or visiting the facilities? Let me give you something that the press has totally failed and conjured. We have hundreds and hundreds of papers, pages of paper, that have been available since this was completed. Most all of it, 80 percent at least, is public. You know something? The press has never even looked at it. Not once. That’s where we are. I wanted it public, it was made public, and you guys have not even looked at it.
So, in short, it’s my belief you guys kind of want to be spoon-fed. You don’t want to do any work on your own. I’ve been around you guys my whole adult life, and on something this big, it’s too bad that the press has been so hammered and don’t have the staff they once had that somebody can be assigned to this. If they give you six months to work this, come back with some work on it. Nobody does anymore. They don’t have the resources, I think.
If the press did read those reports … Let me put it this way, I saw you tweeted “we don’t know the answers but we have plenty of evidence to support asking the questions.” To you, what’s the most compelling evidence to support asking a question? Read the reports. Read the reports. We have hundreds. Eric; two, three weeks ago, maybe a month now, up in Montana, they had another strange deal at a missile base up there. It goes on all the time.
The sightings, those — There are reports that are in writing that talk about all of this.
Do you know things about this program that you can’t discuss publicly? Yeah, but there’s plenty that can be discussed publicly, and I’ve tried to do that. I’m interested only in research. I’m interested in science, and in helping the American public understand what the hell is going on. You know at this stage in the reports, we have thousands of people who have seen this stuff. Not hundreds — thousands.
Nick Pope“Know that there are people who watch our skies to protect the sleeping masses,” Britain’s former chief UFO investigator warns in his memoir. “But also know that not all potential intruders into our airspace have two wings, a fuselage, and a tail, and not all show up on our radar.” Pope’s ominous counsel follows time he spent in the ’90s inspecting thousands of paranormal incidents from crop circles to purported bedside abductions. He took that job certain this kind of stuff “only happened to weirdos,” but unexplainable sightings soon convinced him that “there is a war going on” with aliens. Worse, the U.K. Defense Ministry cut his old UFO desk’s funding in 2009, so whatever’s out there “could attack at any time,” Pope believes. Earthlings’ diminished odds have gotten him more fatalistic lately, too: After scientists suggested ‘Oumuamua — a bizarre-shaped asteroid that’s the first interstellar object to pass through our solar system — might be an alien spaceship, he argued in December we “probably wouldn’t survive an alien invasion” anyway, because if they find us, it’s clear who has the upper hand.
Roscoe Hillenkoetter After he’d served as the first CIA director (he’d been appointed by President Truman), Hillenkoetter retired from a distinguished Navy career in 1957 and took a gig at a brand-new private research group called the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. Its chief purpose was pressuring the government to disclose what it knew about UFOs, via investigations like Project Blue Book. Hillenkoetter went after the intelligence community, writing angry open letters that said things like: “It is time for the truth to be brought out in open congressional hearings.” When he pointed out in 1960 that the Air Force had investigated 6,312 UFO reports to date, but was seemingly trying “to hide the facts,” the military reminded Americans that “no physical evidence, not even a minute fragment of a so-called flying saucer, has ever been found.”
Of course, another theory popped up in the ’80s — that Hillenkoetter had helped run a secret committee all along of politicians, military officers, and scientists called the Majestic 12. Ufologists claimed this cabal was formed in 1947, once Truman started panicking over what to do with all the alien spacecrafts the government kept finding. The group’s existence is based on government files that allegedly materialized in 1984. The FBI denied their authenticity entirely, but they and the Majestic 12 remain popular grist for conspiracy theories, having figured in Blink-182’s song “Aliens Exist” and even one of Twin Peaks’s side plots.
Staff were prepped to deny the encounter when reporters asked about the passage in MacLaine’s 2007 New Age self-help book, Sage-ing While Age-ing, that revealed Kucinich didn’t just see a UFO but had also felt “a connection in his heart and heard directions in his mind.” The other witnesses — a Juilliard-trained trumpeter working as MacLaine’s bodyguard and his model girlfriend — also report having seen a trio of triangle-shaped aircrafts flying in tight formation. Her house was 50 miles from Mt. Rainier, a “saucer magnet” for UFO buffs because of all the nearby sightings, including America’s very first “flying saucer” in 1947. Kucinich had the community’s full support, even if he spent years playing coy.
It helped that in Congress he did things like trying to ban space-based weapons. A 2001 bill he authored himself prohibited America from using “radiation, electromagnetic, psychotronic, sonic, laser, or other energies” for the purposes of “information war, mood management, or mind control of such populations.” It explicitly singled out “chemtrails,” a term for jet condensation trails when conspiracy theorists believe they’re being used for biological warfare. In 2008, however, he only confirmed he’d seen a UFO, then pointed out, accurately, to moderator Tim Russert that “more people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush’s presidency.”
Podesta has kept his personal ET beliefs under wraps, but in Kean’s best seller UFOs: Generals, Pilots, and Government Officials Go on the Record, he gamely wrote a foreword that argues: “It’s time to find out what the truth really is … The American people — and people around the world — want to know, and they can handle the truth.”
Pavel and Marina Popovich This husband-wife duo was one part world-renowned cosmonaut (Pavel) and one part the Soviet Union’s most celebrated female pilot (Marina). They held among their titles that of sixth human in orbit, first Soviet female to break the sound barrier, and holder of more than 100 aviation world records. Once their illustrious flying careers ended, both became ufologists. Pavel headed up Russia’s UFO association and claimed to have seen an unidentified aircraft zip past his airplane on a trip home from Washington, D.C., with a group of scientists. People onboard said it was triangular, brightly lit, and rocketed by at 1,000 miles per hour.
Marina one-upped him, though — she claimed to have seen multiple UFOs and a “Bigfoot creature” — and after they divorced, she became the acclaimed expert, not Pavel. She began preaching a UFO glasnost of sorts under Gorbachev, claiming the Soviet government had pieces of five spaceships in its possession and reports of 14,000 UFO sightings, yet for decades researchers were “either fired or put in psychiatric hospitals.” Her eventual book, simply called UFO Glasnost, spoke candidly about how Leonardo da Vinci, Jules Verne, and Ray Bradbury were alien mediums and Gorbachev had the markings of an extraterrestrial emissary because “he’s an epoch-making phenomenon.”
Weird as it was, Boas’s encounter, with its probing and forced sex, became the archetypal alien abduction. Reportedly skittish at first, he eventually told his story to João Martins, the writer behind popular magazine O Cruzeiro’s “Flying Saucers’ Terrible Mission” series. Doctors confirmed Boas had suffered radiation poisoning, but Martins ultimately soured on Boas’s story, for one because his spaceship sketch bore remarkable similarities to the Soviet Union’s Sputnik. He turned out all right, though: He got a law degree, had four kids, and died believing his children had a half-sibling living in space.
Foo Fighters In the middle of World War II, things took a mysterious turn for Air Force pilots flying overnight missions. They reported seeing lights chasing their aircraft. The number varied (sometimes it was one; other times ten), and so did the colors (red, orange, and green). But the unidentified objects shared in common that they moved very fast, up to 200 miles per hour, yet could dart on a dime. These pilots — among the world’s best — admitted the objects generally flew circles around them. Their lore grew among the squadrons. In 1944, a crew flying along the Rhine in Germany described seeing “eight to ten bright orange lights” whiz by “at high speed.” Neither ground control nor their own planes caught anything on radar, and when one pilot turned toward the lights, they reportedly “disappeared.”
They called their mystery air companions “foo fighters,” an inside joke based on a phrase the comic-book character Smokey Stover used to declare (“Where there’s foo, there’s fire”). The term flying saucer hadn’t caught on yet, or else it would’ve sufficed. Some witnesses assumed they were tracer fire, reflections from ice crystals, or high-tech weaponry developed by the Nazis, while the government had a boring explanation as always: They were “electrostatic (similar to St. Elmo’s fire) or electromagnetic phenomena,” though which one and wherefrom were “never defined.”
However, a second explanation surfaced in the early aughts: It was Die Glocke, purportedly a top-secret weapon Nazis developed that let them time-travel. By dumb Back to the Future–esque luck, it had come to rural Pennsylvania in the year 1965. These proponents argue Nazi SS officer Hans Kammler was navigating the device when it crash-landed in Kecksburg, allowing him to escape Allied troops in the days before VE Day and successfully integrate into postwar U.S. society.
Arnold he demanded military personnel explain what the contraptions were, if they knew, since he’d dismissed any possibility of them being guided missiles or new types of jets. His best guess? “From another planet.” Dozens of others came forward with similar sightings, from as far away as Oklahoma and Arizona. But Arnold didn’t enjoy his newfound celebrity. He said people had started shrieking in cafés when they saw him and fleeing. He described the situation to reporters as “out of hand” and regretted having people “look at me as a combination of Einstein, Flash Gordon, and screwball.”
Steven Spielberg would mercilessly satirize the incident in 1941, a “comedy spectacular.” But ufologists immediately suspected an alien spacecraft, which would explain why an hours’ worth of heavy artillery had failed to eliminate a single weather balloon. Conspiracists site a famous L.A. Times photo as extra proof; it seemingly caught searchlights trained on a very un-balloon-like object getting barraged with shells. The next day’s Times ran an editorial on page A1 (“Information, Please”) demanding the Army and Navy release more info, “if only to clarify their own conflicting statements about it.”
Robert Bigelow As a child, Bigelow watched the government test atomic bombs from his bedroom window and he and his classmates could see the mushroom clouds bloom over the Mojave Desert from their school playground. To some, such memories are the stuff of dystopic Cold War hellscapes, but Bigelow remembers them as an epiphany. Even back then, Bigelow knew he wasn’t going to be a scientist (he was lousy at math), so he resolved himself to make as much money as possible in the hopes that he could one day fund his own space program. He went on to make at least $1 billion with Budget Suites of America, long-term motel rentals around the Southwest. He now runs Bigelow Aerospace, which holds contracts with NASA and was a primary contractor for the Department of Defense’s Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program.
Jeff Bezos His company Blue Origin is competing with Elon Musk’s SpaceX to launch reusable rockets (and comically rich tourists) into space. While Musk played himself in a cameo in Iron Man 2, Bezos appeared as an alien Starfleet official in 2016’s Star Trek Beyond. (It was not a speaking role.)
“Why do I feel so much like Sigourney Weaver?” Bezos said last March as he piloted a giant manned robot at Amazon’s MARs conference.
Franklin Antonio Antonio cofounded Qualcomm, a mobile tech company, in the mid-’80s. He’s also the company’s chief scientist and has given millions to SETI research. Last year Antonio gave $30 million to the University of California San Diego’s school of engineering and followed that donation up with a contribution to Roy Moore’s failed senate campaign.
Anyway, one of my cool hobbies in this ridiculous digital age is that I check my Facebook privacy settings every month or so because the company has a habit of tweaking how things work on a granular level without highlighting the changes. So, in the wake of the Cambridge Analytica stuff, I’d like to introduce you to the wildest thing I’ve ever seen on Facebook: a subsection called “Apps Others Use.”
In other words, if you granted a particularly invasive app permission, it would be able to see not just your profile, but the profile of anyone you had access to. Your friends’ profile photos, where they went to school, their phone number, and so on. Kinda nuts that your friends could just unthinkingly share your personal data, but Facebook is a kinda-nuts company.
So who is going to tell him “it’s everyday, bro,” uh, well, doesn’t mean “I vlog daily.” To have it mean that Paul’s slogan would have to be “it’s every day, bro.” Using the adjective “everyday,” rather than the two-word phrase “every day,” is actually a self-own. Instead of saying he vlogs every 24 hours, he’s basically calling his vlogs common. Routine. Quotidian. Mundane. You pick the adjective so long as it’s synonymous with unexceptional.
It’s in the header on his YouTube page proclaiming “New Videos Everyday.” It flashes across the screen in hot-pink lettering in the “This Is Jake Paul” video pinned to his channel. It’s even the title of his incredibly popular — ask any of the hundreds of tweens who lined up outside his pop-up shop in New York City this winter chanting the lyrics — song, “It’s Everyday Bro.” Jake Paul. The everyday bro.
Same, Jake. Same.
In his recent video announcing his vlogging hiatus before heading to Florida, Paul ruminated on the true meaning of his grammatically faulty mantra. “The meaning isn’t necessarily vlogging every day, but it’s again smiling every single day, getting better every single day, coming together as a community,” Paul said.
Meanwhile, the Federal Trade Commission is probing Facebook to figure out whether it mishandled user data, and whether other incidents similar to Cambridge Analytica have occurred. According to former Facebook employee Sandy Parakilas, the answer is “definitely.” Parakilas’s role at Facebook was to investigate data breaches like the one Cambridge Analytica was involved in, where a third party transfers Facebook data to another third party. The Guardian reports:
(Parakilas left Facebook in 2012.)
And:
In the meantime, Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat from Oregon, issued a letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, asking him to respond to six wide-ranging questions by April 13. The first one: “How many incidents during the past ten years is Facebook aware of in which third parties collected or processed user data in violation of Facebook’s Platform Policies? Please describe each incident, the number of users whose information was collected and misused, and what steps Facebook took to remedy the violation.” Wyden also asked whether Facebook is taking any steps to inform the 50 million users whose data was passed along to Cambridge Analytica (one can presume that Facebook is resistant to this idea).
Abroad, Mark Zuckerberg has been called before a parliamentary committee in the United Kingdom. Damian Collins, head of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, wrote to the CEO: “[T]he Committee has repeatedly asked Facebook about how companies acquire and hold on to user data from their site, and in particular, about whether data had been taken without their consent. Your officials’ answers have consistently understated this risk, and have been misleading the Committee.”
Top executives like Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg have been completely silent on the matter. Instead, company leaders like Andrew Bosworth and Alex Stamos have apparently been thrown to the Twitter wolves — both men have spent the last day or so arguing over the semantics of the word breach, among other things. The New York Times reports that “Facebook’s communications team encouraged Mr. Stamos to tweet in defense of the company, but only after it asked to approve Mr. Stamos’s tweets, according to two people briefed on the incident.” Stamos later deleted a series of posts.
Rather than face public scrutiny, the Verge reports that Zuckerberg will instead field questions from Facebook employees at an emergency all-hands meeting today. Zuckerberg is notably more candid at these gatherings than he is in public; at the same time, Facebook’s employees regard their leader uncritically, to say the least.
The emoji are expected to launch in May. Until then, you’ll have to continue using the standard woman-with-crown emoji in your texts.
You’re browsing Facebook. Not thinking about anything particularly bubbly. Not looking at ads for soap. Not discussing a certain blue-wearing member of The Powerpuff Girls. When all of a sudden … cartoon bubbles float up from the bottom of your screen. The bubbles appear quick and then they vanish. You look around your office to see if anybody else saw them. The bubbles. Nobody else appears to have just seen onscreen suds, so you consult Twitter. Phew, I’m not going crazy, you think to yourself seeing tweets from a dozen or so other people who also had bubbles float across their Facebook screens in the last 24 hours. Or if you are, going crazy that is, at least you’re not going it alone.
“It happened to me twice. The first time it scared the crap out of me because I wasn’t expecting it; the second time I was more annoyed. I was on my work desktop,” Allyn Gibson told me via DM. “I was scrolling down through my feed. In both cases I would say that the Status Update box had scrolled off the screen. Suddenly, without any warning, a flurry of transparent blue bubbles, 15 or 20 of them, maybe about an inch across, exploded from the bottom of my screen and floated to the top.” On Twitter, some users have posited theories as to why they saw the bubbles on their screens. “I stopped to read a post about ‘popping bubbles,’” tweeted one user.
Don’t worry, guys. Facebook is still scrambling to figure out what to do with that whole Cambridge Analytica — the company announced it will be conducting a forensic audit — thing, but at least you might be getting bubbles!
After two years’ worth of stories about the shady acquisition and subsequent mishandling of Facebook profile data by the political consultants Cambridge Analytica and its contractors, the general public and the politicians that represent them finally seem ready to take on the company — and, more importantly, take on Facebook for enabling it. The U.K.’s Information Commissioner is seeking a warrant to seize Cambridge Analytica’s servers. Senator Ron Wyden, the Oregon Democrat, has written an open letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg demanding answers about how often user data was illegitimately passed on to third parties.
Data-centric companies like Cambridge Analytica and Facebook love places that lack basic privacy regulations for obvious reasons. For companies like them, the question of whether or not something is right is the same as asking whether it’s legal. This attitude also explains why so many large tech companies shun regulation: It would unambiguously confirm that they were in the wrong.
Over the weekend, Wylie tweeted a screenshot of his Facebook account saying he’d been suspended from the platform “for blowing the whistle on something they have known privately for 2 years.” Which means, because the two apps are linked, he’s also suspended from Tinder. Wylie mentioned this, in slightly more colorful language — “I’ve been deleted by fucking Facebook” — during a discussion at the Frontline Club on Tuesday.
Perhaps it’s time to apply to join the League, Chris.
Amnesty International put out a report this week entitled “#ToxicTwitter: Violence and abuse against women online.” It analyzes what it is like to be a woman on Twitter and takes a closer look at the ways the platform fails to protect women against violence and abuse. Spoiler alert: It’s all bad.
Conducted with 86 subjects over 14 months, the study is eight chapters long and details a number of instances in which women and nonbinary people faced hate speech, violence, and threats on Twitter. A women’s-rights activist said she was told to drink floor polish after criticizing an actor in an Amazon ad. “I get harassment as a woman and I get the extra harassment because of race and being a black woman. They will call white women a ‘c*nt’ and they’ll call me a ‘n*gger c*nt’. Whatever identity they can pick they will pick it and use it against you,” journalist Imani Gandy said.
At Facebook, we feel a responsibility to make sure our services are fun to use, and that you think using Facebook is time well spent. I’ll admit that [INCIDENT] did not help us live up to our values of [TRUST | COMMUNITY | CONSTANT SURVEILLANCE — CHOOSE ONE]. The most important thing Facebook can do is help us connect with each other and brands. Facebook has always been about bringing people together, both on our own servers and many others we don’t even know about. As I learned on my travels last year, community is [USE DOWN-HOME PHRASE MEANING “IMPORTANT” HERE] to us at Facebook.
Now, I wish I could tell you we’re going to be able to stop all [BAD THING], but that wouldn’t be realistic. There will always be not-so-good people in the world, and pobody’s nerfect. But we can make it harder for [PEOPLE WHO USE OUR PLATFORM AS INTENDED] to [ACT THAT USES PLATFORM AS INTENDED]. Maybe we will do this. In the end, it all comes down to the community.
(2) We will call [PEOPLE WHO USE OUR PLATFORM AS INTENDED] and ask them if they are behaving themselves. If they say yes, we will ask, “Are you sure?” and if they say yes again, we will say “Promise?” This approach is key to maintaining fairness on the platform for all ideas.
(3) We will not notify any user who was affected by [THE PEOPLE WHO USE OUR PLATFORM AS INTENDED].
Recently, many of you in the community have expressed concerns over [INCIDENT]. Some of you don’t think that Facebook and the users who rely on our platform should be able to [PRIVACY-RELATED VERB]. Let me say this: We hear you.
“The violence and abuse many women experience on Twitter has a detrimental effect on their right to express themselves equally, freely and without fear,” the study says. “Instead of strengthening women’s voices, the violence and abuse many women experience on the platform leads women to self-censor what they post, limit their interactions, and even drives women off Twitter completely.” To put it more bluntly, Amnesty International published a giant study detailing what most women who actively use Twitter could have already told you: Twitter can be a hostile and dangerous place if you’re not a man.
Think about the last Slack — a popular office messaging platform — you sent. Were you complaining about a co-worker? The office temperature? The decreasingly good options in the café on the third floor? Well, it’s now possible for your company to download and read those messages without your knowledge. Slack announced some changes to its policies this week, and among them was a tidbit about how certain Slack work-space owners — companies paying for Plus and Enterprise Grid plans — can now “request access to a self-service export tool to download all data from their workspace.” Meaning if you work at a place that operates on one of those plans … you might want to watch what is going down in your DMs.
Travis Kalanick, the founder and former CEO of Uber, has a new venture. In a brief statement on Twitter yesterday, Kalanick unveiled the 10100 Fund (pronounced “ten one hundred”). Kalanick has apparently been busy since he was forced out of Uber after widespread reports of toxicity, reckless behavior, and sexual harassment at the company surfaced.
On Twitter, Kalanick expanded a bit further on his vision, which sounds less like a tech company and more like a real-estate play. 10100 is investing $150 million in City Storage Systems, “a holding company focused on the redevelopment of distressed real estate assets particularly in the areas of parking, retail and industrial.” Okay. Upon closing the deal, Kalanick says he will serve as CEO. CSS was previously known as CloudKitchens, and the core of its business was providing infrastructure and software for food-delivery apps that forego a front-facing space (remember Maple? It’s like that). In other words, a kitchen in a warehouse and then an app that tells people where to deliver the food, no restaurant required.
Facebook will also kill a user’s connection to an app if it lies unused for more than 3 months. In other words, if you log in to a site through Facebook once and then don’t do so again within a three-month period, the developer won’t still maintain access to your account. In addition, signing in through Facebook will only provide developers with your name, profile picture and email address — much less data than developers would receive in the past.
Taken as a whole, the measures show an effort towards transparency that Facebook has, in the past, shied away from. At the very least, Zuckerberg is aware of Facebook’s dwindling trustworthiness, and parts of it are technical in a way Facebook often tries to avoid.
And lastly, users will get an audit tool as well: “In the next month, we will show everyone a tool at the top of your News Feed with the apps you’ve used and an easy way to revoke those apps’ permissions to your data.” The prime news feed placement is important. In contrast, the tool Facebook released a few months ago to allow users to see if they had interacted with accounts tied to the Internet Research Agency was buried in the site’s Help section. The new tool will roll out in the next month.
“I started Facebook, and at the end of the day I’m responsible for what happens on our platform. I’m serious about doing what it takes to protect our community,” he wrote, adding ” I want to thank all of you who continue to believe in our mission and work to build this community together.”
In the interview, which took place almost five days after Facebook first tried to get out in front of the Cambridge Analytica story, Zuckerberg continuously stumbled over his words and looked caught off guard (“I think technology is increasingly a trend in the world,” he observed). He named Cambridge Analytica and researcher Aleksandr Kogan by name and repeatedly, clearly aiming to cast this incident as an anomaly.
“We’re not going to make that mistake again,” the CEO promised, noting that in order to inform potentially compromised users, “We know what the apps were that had access to data, we know how many people were using those services.”
Ever since Instagram changed from a chronological feed to an algorithmic one, people have been demanding that the platform change back to the way things were. Folks, this is not happening. In case that rumor earlier this month got your hopes up, let me say it again: Instagram is sticking with its algorithm; you are not getting a feed sorted by the order photos were posted. As something of a consolation prize, Instagram announced that it is testing a new feed-related feature on Thursday that will let users manually choose when their feeds update. The company also said that it is “making changes to ensure that newer posts are more likely to appear first in feed.” Kind of like, well, a chronological feed.
Which, sure, thank you, Instagram. It is annoying when my feed jumps while I’m in the middle of reading a caption, and then can’t for the life of me and all the scrolling in the world seem to find that photo again. But, also, you know was else is annoying? The algorithmic feed. Reverting to the chronological feed would also “ensure newer posts are more likely to appear first in feed.” Just a thought.
From Instagram:
More urgently, it’s worth noting that while political scientists remain skeptical about Facebook’s ability right now to directly affect political outcomes, its ability to manipulate information and give people what they want to see is growing in capability and speed with each passing day — fueled specifically by the data it gathers about us. The problem being that Facebook is both a surveillance operation, and a publishing operation; it takes data from us, and serves back to us whatever it’s decided we want (or need) to hear. “Facebook can simultaneously measure everything about us, and control the information we consume,” Google AI researcher François Chollet recently tweeted. “When you have access to both perception and action, you’re looking at an AI problem. You can start establishing an optimization loop for human behavior.”
A brief note reads:
This sort of reaction is one that those who oppose the bill feared; that it would cause a chilling effect on legitimate platforms that would shut down functionality entirely rather than assume the legal risk. In the meantime, the one guy still in charge of personal ads at your local print paper is doing backflips.
The new emoji include a man and a woman making the sign for “deaf” — Apple notes “no sign is 100% universal,” but that it chose the most widely used option — as well as an ear with a hearing aid and people using canes. There are also people in manual and mechanical wheelchairs, prosthetic limbs, and a guide dog in a harness. Apple says it worked with organizations like the American Council of the Blind and the National Association of the Deaf in the development process. Apple also noted that the 13 proposed emoji are “not meant to be a comprehensive list of all possible depictions of disabilities,” and hopes to develop more in the future, assuming these are approved by Unicode when the organization meets later this spring.
Even more distressing for me: “[W]e discovered that you either followed one of these accounts linked to the IRA, or liked or reblogged one of their posts.” Somehow, I had managed to not interact with the IRA on Facebook, or Twitter — but I come into contact with ten accounts on Tumblr.
These are the accounts, along with their past aliases.
Here is some useful context about my Tumblr activity: All I do on Tumblr is like posts. I follow fewer than 200 people and none of the accounts in that list ring a bell. I doubt I followed any of them. Also, I have not created or shared anything on Tumblr in the last five years. Just as important to note is the fact that I use Tumblr to look at meme bullshit and ironic humor, not hard-hitting commentary on political and social issues.
Tumblr users tend to relish Byzantine internal conflict, often based on“calling out” users for politically problematic posts. So when I get an email from Tumblr claiming that Russians had used the platform to sow discord, it seems absurd. If you want to sow discord between, say, witches and SJWs — over whether it’s okay to steal human bones, for example — Tumblr is your place. If you want to sow discord between political activists, you’re better off on YouTube, Twitter, or Facebook. Maybe Tumblr wanted to humblebrag about being important enough to become a place for Russian meddling.
Step 1: Log in to Facebook.Step 2: Go into your account settings. On desktop, you can find these by dropping down the menu in the upper-right-hand corner of your screen.Step 3: At the bottom of the “General Account Settings” menu, you’ll see an option to “download a copy of your Facebook data.”Step 4: Input your email so that Facebook can notify you when your download is ready. (I’ve been on Facebook for over ten years and it took under ten minutes for my email to arrive.)Step 5: Download your archive. Facebook will ask you to re-input your password.Step 6: Start digging. Arm yourself with ample alcohol for when you scroll back far enough to realize just how embarrassing you were in 2007 — also for when you realize just how much information Facebook has on you.
In light of this mess, now is a good time to take stock of just what personal information Facebook has been compiling on you over the years. Here’s how to do that.
As a result of strict parents and a general adolescent disinterest in people, I moved to New York for college having been on exactly one (1) date. It wasn’t great preparation for life in the big city. The only information I could access about dating was from a limited selection of movies, TV, and magazines, all terrible tools for learning about consent and boundaries. I left home wholly unprepared for New York’s aggressive dating culture. I learned how to make out before I learned how to hold hands, so I ended up in a lot of unsafe, emotionally manipulative, and generally bad situations. There didn’t seem to be any way out of it
That is, until Tinder came up.
Tinder’s entire structure is built upon layers of “no”: a swipe left is a no, unmatching someone is a no, blocking and reporting someone is a hell no. Other dating apps, like Bumble, operate similarly, making “no” as simple as a few taps on a screen. Saying no in so many nonverbal ways makes saying no out loud become gradually easier.
Realistically, reporting people doesn’t always work. People (mostly men) still find ways to circumvent any type of no you throw at them. They DM you on Instagram to tell you that you should give them a chance after you swiped left. They text you months later to say that they saw you and wanted to say hi. You wake up to a 3 a.m. Facebook message from an ex saying he’s near your apartment and it’s cold outside. Tinder’s not perfect, but there’s a certain power in saying no over and over again, via swipe, block, report, or, I guess, now throwing a drink in someone’s face.
So I learned how to swipe and quickly figured out the red flags to look for in someone’s picture, bio, and messages. Men with professional head shots or photos of exotic animals, or men who include the gym, their frat, travel, entrepreneurship, or Tame Impala in their bios: These slide away with the swipe of a thumb. If you allow them into your messages and they, say, try to hit on you by invoking both incest and rape, or by copying and pasting a graphic essay from a pick-up artist site, you can report them and maybe get them kicked off the app.
We’ve all joked about cutting down men on Tinder (at least, all of my female and queer friends have), shared screenshots and sniggered at men clearly unaware of or confident in their creepy and rude attitudes. But it was constant, annoying, and too often threatening (and always from men). In cases where a direct no translated to “playing hard to get,” and subsequently violent threats, I yelled, I blocked, I reported.
It’s obviously not enough; Tinder’s layers of no don’t fix the 200,000 untested rape kits in America alone, or a police system that largely doesn’t care about sexual assault. I swiped left so many times, reported an insane number of men ranging from creepy to manipulative to threatening. It’s not enough, but it’s something.
From the number of nos I sent out, I could have taken away that men are awful and irredeemable and Tinder is a cesspit of despair. At times, this was true: Tinder doesn’t correct toxic masculine behavior on or off the app. But for the most part, it validated my boundaries and let me be rightfully pissed when anyone tried to breach them. Women are generally socialized to be accommodating and uncomfortable in conversation, lest they be killed, or worse, be deemed unlikable, high-maintenance, dramatic, ungrateful, silly, histrionic — my parents still tell me to be less opinionated, lest I hurt someone’s feelings. But after subjecting myself to an endless internet dump of aggressive and disgusting people, I was fine being rude, demanding, or bitchy right back. Why should I give a good attitude to an asshole? On particularly bad dates, I just left once I’d had enough. If they were nice, but not for me, I’d tell them and go home. When a guy ghosted me after insisting we were dating, I made him call me — why should he get to exempt himself from his own behavior at my expense?
There’s plenty of tangible evidence of how people are emboldened to say things online that they’d keep under wraps in real life. The majority of that focuses on misogynists and neo-Nazi’s creating spaces to fester their harmful ideologies — far too little celebrates how queer people, women, and people of color use the same medium to form networks that legitimize experiences, feelings, and fears. The Shitty Media Men list was a complicated mess — but it leveraged the anonymity of the internet to create a space in which women learned that we weren’t crazy, that there were people hunting for our bodies at work. My oldest friend came out to me not in person, but over MSN Messenger in middle school. And Tinder told me that I was right to be angry when people act inappropriately toward me. As Mark Zuckerberg and u/spez try to figure out the problem of free speech sans toxicity, I hope the beneficial aspects of screen-to-screen communication aren’t lost. If only for the sake of my love life.
Initially apprehensive about the freaky realm of online dating, Tinder’s taglines were intriguing. Built to expand your dating life outside of your circles, the app clicked perfectly with my new “thou shall never ever date a friend ever again, ever” rule.
Chrissy Teigen, ever a woman of the people, says she’s dumping Snapchat. The model and cookbook writer tweeted over the weekend saying she has officially stopped using the app. Teigen cited Snap’s recent update, which attempted to make the app more user friendly — it’s broadly loathed — and that her fans say they have a hard time finding her. (The Snap update sorts content into separate columns, so stories from your friends and stories from celebs like Teigen no longer appear in the same place. Which is, obviously, irritating and confusing if you’d grown accustomed to using the app before the change.)
In February, Kylie Jenner tweeted that she too was jumping off the Snapchat train. Or rather, that she had fallen off and didn’t seem to have any intention of getting back on. “[S]ooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore? Or is it just me… ugh this is so sad,” Jenner, the one-time king on Snapchat, tweeted. Snap’s stock fell 7.2 percent — $1.3 billion — after her tweet to her millions of followers. Snap also lost money after the Rihanna “poll” Teigen referenced in her tweet. Snapchat approved and ran an ad for a game called “Would You Rather” which asked users if they would rather “slap Rihanna” or “punch Chris Brown.” Snapchat later pulled the ad, apologized, and banned Would You Rather from advertising on the platform, but it would still cost them over $800 million in stock valuation. Also a callout from Rihanna, on Instagram Stories, refusing to accept their apology.
Throughout the roiling scandal of Russian sock puppets attempting to influence the 2016 election on social media, an uncertainty has lingered over what employees of the Internet Research Agency, a notorious “troll farm,” actually did. This is because platforms like Facebook, upon undertaking internal investigations about foreign activity on their platform, wiped any evidence of it as soon as they found it. Facebook in particular has punted when asked whether or not it will make the posts in question public, stating that it needed to seek permission in order to do so.
What we do know about Russian troll activity is that these users made posts about controversial social issues — like Black Lives Matter and immigration — in the same manner as everyone else, attempting to shift the balance of online discourse one way or the other. Their reported aim was to shift the election in Trump’s favor not by inventing ridiculous fake-news stories, but by stoking social tensions (e.g., if you got mad about Black Lives Matter online, you might have voted for Trump). The effects of this — even if we had a complete record of every troll post — are impossible to discern at a glance. And we haven’t even had have access to those posts. Until now.
Last week, the blogging platform and social network Tumblr released the names of 84 IRA-linked accounts, and their past aliases (you can change your username on a whim on Tumblr). The transparency is laudable, particularly compared to other social networks. Facebook’s tool only tells you if you actively engaged with an IRA account, and what that specific account was.
But Tumblr also provides our best glimpse of the IRA’s actual practices, what they posted, and how these users inserted themselves into American discourse. That’s because Tumblr’s primary interaction, reblogging, requires users to duplicate another user’s post onto their own profile. User B reblogs User A, and on User B’s blog, User A’s comment remains. In essence, the structure of Tumblr is millions of users copy-pasting each other. If Tumblr were to wipe every instance of Russian activity, it would also “break the reblog chain,” wiping every user interaction that came after an IRA one. Tumblr opted against that, which means that, armed with a list of aliases and the indexing power of Google, you can find plenty of old posts from IRA trolls.
Mostly, it appears, the IRA’s Tumblr strategy was to rip popular Twitter posts and re-upload them to Tumblr.
On Saturday morning, an estimated 175,000 people marched in the streets of New York City as part of the March for Our Lives, a gun-control protest organized by the survivors of the Parkland shooting. Hundreds of thousands more flooded the streets in Washington, D.C., and 20,000 people protested down in Parkland. In New York, there were signs as far as you could see in any direction. Signs covered in pictures of AR-15s with big, red ban circles drawn over them. Signs calling BS on “thoughts and prayers” rhetoric. Signs about how 18th-century laws are still being applied to 21st-century guns. And … signs covered in SpongeBob memes. This was, after all, a protest conceived and executed — with some help — by teenagers. Sure, the Our in March for Our Lives applies to everyone who lives in the United States and runs the risk of being killed by a gun, but mostly the lives being fought for on Saturday were the lives of schoolchildren. Many of whom were out marching with memes in hand.
In New York, I snapped a photo — and tweeted it — every time I spotted a kid with a meme-inspired sign. The unfaithful boyfriend meme recast with Trump staring at the NRA and ignoring “students lives.” A Mocking Sponge with a “Make America Great Again” hat. Several Krusty Krab versus Chum Bucket riffs. “I don’t get her sign,” I overheard a woman in front of me saying to the man next to her, while we were waiting to march. “Hi, I can explain that,” I said, breaking meme-rule No. 1: Never talk about a meme IRL. “It’s a good versus bad comparison. The Krusty Krab is ‘good,’ and the Chum Bucket is ‘bad.’ So the NRA is bad here.” “Oh, I guess I probably could have figured that out,” the woman replied. “That makes sense.”
By the end of the day, I’d tweeted photos of a half-dozen meme signs I’d seen in New York City. Other protesters started sending me DMs and replying to my tweets with pictures of their signs from different cities. Twitter created an entire moment dedicated to SpongeBob signs alone. But for every like and fave — just look at the impressive shading on this Chum Bucket — Twitter, and my mentions, quickly filled with people barking about how stupid these kids were. About how cartoon-covered poster board is a terrible way to get people — voters, government representatives, “adults” — to pay attention.
The thing here is, these teens know exactly what they are doing. They know that a sign that says “#Enough” isn’t going to get thousands of retweets and national news attention, but that if you put that hashtag coming out of the mouth of Mr. Krabs … it might. You can’t vote with a crayon, but you can sure as hell get attention with one. And getting people to pay attention to gun violence, as any teen who has ever crouched beneath a desk and texted their families not knowing if they’d make it home alive would probably tell you, trumps being taken “seriously.” Putting a meme on a sign is, in a way, an act of disruption.
“And we are supposed to take you seriously?” asked one user. “It’s like they don’t understand or don’t know true facts so they just drew pictures instead,” tweeted another. “This is why the rest of the world hates us,” weighed in someone with, clearly, a nuanced understanding of international relations. “The left can’t meme,” somebody else wrote. “Has anyone told these children yet that you can’t vote with a crayon?” asked one Twitter user in response to a Krusty Krab versus Chum Bucket poster photo I’d tweeted. “I didn’t use crayons actually,” Luna, the talented teen artist behind the sign, snarked back. “I used prismacolor pencils, sharpies, and copic markers.”
Facebook also says that you can delete the information from your profile entirely if you’d like. Okay.
What’s important to understand is this: For the (stated) purpose of a more satisfactory user experience, Facebook felt comfortable taking data from your phone, and storing it on its servers. You might not have understood exactly what access you were granting, and Facebook decided to use that to its advantage. It’s not Facebook’s problem that you gave it permission.
A developer built an app to collect user data, obtained permission through the platform’s official channels, and then saved a copy for their own use outside of Facebook. The last part of that was a regulatory violation, not a technological one. Facebook has no clear way of knowing how many apps siphoned data from the platform and were used to build independent databases.
Now, compare this situation with the Cambridge Analytica one. Central to the matter was that Cambridge Analytica had kept Facebook user data outside of Facebook’s system, rather than reading it live. Think of it this way: You could check Monday’s weather on Friday, and work off of that, or you could check Monday’s weather on Monday. The latter is more up-to-date and reliable, and Facebook’s platform requires developers to pull data in a similar way, rather than retaining the data independently.
In addition to illustrating Facebook’s data-protection hypocrisy, it also points to a crisis in consumer technology. Does being able to access data also mean that developers are automatically allowed to copy and retain data? And what, if anything, can be done to stop the practice? Not even Facebook has a clear answer.
Earlier this month, a woman was killed in Arizona after being struck by an autonomous Uber vehicle. Elaine Herzberg, 49, was crossing a street in Tempe late on a Sunday evening when she was hit. The car was operating without a driver, but it had a safety person — someone who could, in theory, have grabbed the wheel and switched the car over to manual — in the driver’s seat. Following the crash, Uber, as it has done in other cities following collisions with its autonomous vehicles, announced it was temporarily suspending AV testing in Tempe, as well as at its other facilities, in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto. This week, Arizona’s governor Doug Ducey announced that the Arizona Department of Transportation is also suspending Uber from further tests, calling the fatal crash an “unquestionable failure.”
The National Transportation Safety Board and the National Highway Traffic Safety Association are both currently investigating the crash. Arizona police have since released dash-cam footage from the crash — you can watch it here, though be warned it is disturbing — which shows safety rider Rafaela Vasquez appearing to look down just before the collision. A report from the New York Times on Friday showed that Uber had been hustling to keep up with its competitors in the autonomous space and pushing its cars to do things they weren’t ready to do. The Times reports Waymo cars were able to go 5,600 miles without needing a safety rider to intervene, but Uber’s numbers were more like an intervention every 13 miles.
She wrote:
The flunkies Zuckerberg would like to send to lie down in front of an oncoming bus are chief technology officer Mike Schroepfer and chief product officer Chris Cox. Both are “among the longest serving senior representatives in Facebook’s 15 year history,” Stimson pitched.
If you’ve read or heard really any kind of news in the last week, you’ve been thinking about how Facebook, which maybe knows you better than most of your friends, was apparently handing out all kinds of data about you, to more or less anyone who wanted it, back in 2014. You know who else is thinking about the mishandling of data by Facebook? The British government.
In response, Collins noted that he hoped Cox would finally be able to answer the committee’s questions, but reiterated the importance of Mark Zuckerberg appearing. He observed that Zuckerberg has “stated in interviews that if he is the right person to appear he will appear. We think he is the right person and look forward to hearing from him.”
Me too! At this point, what does Mark Zuckerberg have to lose? Did Facebook do more bad stuff we don’t know about? Is Zuckerberg afraid that if the inquiry looks at him too closely, the MPs will discover that he is a wooden puppet brought to life by a carpenter’s wish? The only way to put this puppet rumor to bed is to have Mark Zuckerberg appear before the committee.
Not that it’s going to get them anywhere. Damian Collins, the MP who called for Zuckerberg to appear before his committee last week, has already been rebuffed by Facebook. According to Business Insider, Facebook’s head of public policy in the U.K., Rebecca Stimson, wrote to the committee asking if maybe someone with more knowledge than the CEO of the company might be able to appear instead.
In an education-themed event in Chicago today, Apple announced a slew of updates focused on worming its way into the classroom. Chief among the announcements was a new iPad and a renewed focus on its accessory, the $99 Apple Pencil (a stylus). The new iPad will cost $329, which is what they cost now, and will be available this week. It’s a spec bump, so if you’ve been holding out for that before pulling the trigger on a new iPad, your patience has been rewarded.
If you’re a student, however, the iPad will only cost $299. That’s because Apple is making a big push into classroom infrastructure. In addition to pitching the iPad as a learning tool, Apple touted updates to iWork focused on Pencil support (you can now edit documents … with a pen!) and a new program called Apple Schoolwork, which lets teachers monitor student progress and dole out assignments. In addition, a new developer tool called ClassKit lets third-party developers take advantage of these features.
As if that weren’t enough, the company also announced that students would get 200 gigabytes of iCloud storage, compared to the free 5 gigs that everyone else gets. Apple really wants young kids to get hooked on using an iPad early.
Despite doing everything in his power to avoid appearing before government regulators, Mark Zuckerberg has reportedly decided it would be best if he just did the damn thing. CNN is reporting that the Facebook CEO is coming to grips with the fact that he will have to testify in the coming weeks, and that Zuckerberg’s team is coming up with a strategy for his testimony.
Facebook has long tried to keep the faces of its company, namely Zuckerberg and COO Sheryl Sandberg, away from regulatory hearings. In particular, the optics of Zuckerberg raising his right hand and swearing to tell the truth could be damaging to the company on its own. That Zuckerberg is finally showing up is a sign that the company has been backed into a corner.
The news comes one day after the Federal Trade Commission confirmed that it was investigating whether or not Facebook violated a 2011 consent decree regarding how the company handles user data.
The New York Times is reporting that Zuckerberg plans to testify at some point in April before the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Zuckerberg has apparently also been summoned before the Senate Judiciary and Commerce Committees as well.
Mystifying news out of Menlo Park, California, this morning. According to Bloomberg, Facebook has decided to delay its voice-activated speaker, which would serve as a competitor to the Amazon Echo, Google Home, and Apple HomePod. Why would the vast social network do this? Why would it delay the announcement of a device with an always-on microphone that will send voice data back to Facebook?
Facebook reportedly still plans to launch the devices later this year, despite the fact that focus-group testing showed consumer unease about a Facebook listening device in the home. That’s the Facebook cycle: You might think it’s creepy, but it’s going to do the thing anyway.
I am, of course, just having a laugh. We know why. Amid one of the strongest backlashes yet to Facebook’s prying eyes, Bloomberg reports that the company has scrapped plans to announce the new tech at its annual F8 developer conference. “The company’s new hardware products, connected speakers with digital-assistant and video-chat capabilities, are undergoing a deeper review to ensure that they make the right trade-offs regarding user data,” sources said.
For five days, Atlanta residents were unable to pay parking bills and tickets online or report problems to city services, the result of a cyberattack that brought the city’s municipal services to its knees. A ransomware attack infected government computers, locking them up unless the city paid an extortion fee to unlock them again.
Thousands of city employees were advised not to turn on their computers until yesterday, but the situation still has yet to be fully resolved. Mayor Keisha Bottoms has not determined if the city will pay the ransom. In the meantime, “Atlanta Municipal Court has been unable to validate warrants. Police officers have been writing reports by hand. The city has stopped taking employment applications.”
According to the New York Times, a security firm identified the attackers as the SamSam hacking team, a group that is apparently known for carefully selecting targets likely to pay up, as opposed to blanketing hundreds of targets in the hopes of a payout. SamSam has in the past targeted organizations like hospitals, which cannot afford to be offline for days or weeks at a time. In Atlanta, the group demanded approximately $51,000 in bitcoin.
On the plus side, Mayor Bottoms has found a silver lining for those doing clerical work by hand: “[F]or some of our younger employees, it will be a nice exercise in good penmanship.”
Have you downloaded your Facebook data archive yet? Facebook makes it easy to obtain a ZIP file of all the data it has on you: your status updates, your friend list, your messages … and, as I and several people I spoke with were surprised to discover, every video you ever filmed on the platform — including videos you never published.
Cambridge Analytica’s effect on the election is still disputed, but if there’s one thing everyone can agree is true in the wake of the scandal over its data-harvesting, it’s that we’ve paid far too little attention to the scale and scope of the data that Facebook has collected on us over our years of platform use. It’s true that, in most cases, we’ve “consented” to this kind of data-gathering by clicking “okay” on a dense terms-of-service contract, and neglecting to opt out. But given how often the details are ignored, it’s disconcerting to discover exactly what data has been gathered.
Each video, she discovered, was a different “take” — recorded on Facebook, but then, she assumed, discarded before she posted the final version to a friend’s wall. (In the archive, you can infer which video was posted on a wall versus the ones that weren’t based on the comments. Videos that were never published are commentless.) In one of the clips, you can hear Kircher say, exasperatedly, that it is her 13th take. At the end of the clip, which isn’t to her liking, she groans and reaches forward, apparently to delete the video and try again.
And call logs aren’t the only data Facebook’s been holding to user surprise. Earlier this week, like many people around the world, my sister Bailey downloaded her Facebook data archives. Along with the contact lists and relationship statuses was something unexpected: several different videos of her attempting to play a scale on a wooden flute in her childhood bedroom.
How did this happen? In the pre–Facebook Live era, leaving videos on your friends’ walls was something of a crude FaceTime. You’d post a video, they’d respond with a video, and so forth. Importantly, Facebook had a feature that let users film videos via webcam on Facebook itself — that is, without ever leaving the Facebook site to use a video recorder. Once you were done filming, Facebook would show you a preview of your clip. If you decided to do another take, you could click to discard that video and try it again. Except, the video wasn’t actually deleted. Instead, Facebook apparently saved your unused clip.
Another co-worker, Brittany Stephanis, found over 100 videos in her archive and says that she only ever publicly posted about a third of them. The earliest date back to Christmas Day in 2008 when Stephanis, then 13, started recording videos to wish her friends a happy holiday. Stephanis says that her archive contains videos she clearly never planned to shared with anyone. “There are videos of me just checking my teeth,” she explained. My sister also had videos — rehearsing for school musicals and cheerleading — where she was using Facebook’s desktop camera to review herself and then erase, or so she thought, the video forever.
Facebook saving data you didn’t share isn’t an entirely new concern. Back in 2013, then–Facebook intern and Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon Sauvik Das and Adam Kramer, a Facebook data scientist, put together a study on what they deemed “self-censorship” on the platform. Self-censorship, according to their work, was anything a user typed in the status box but ultimately didn’t post. Data that Facebook can track. Facebook’s current data policy says that the company can “collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others.” “Create” is the operative word in there. By that logic, Facebook technically could save any video a user filmed but did not publish because you created it on the platform. Still, that requires the kind of close read of the fine print that most humans, at least not before Facebook’s ongoing Cambridge Analytica privacy fiasco, likely aren’t taking the time to do.
An industry expert recently told me about another “open secret” — that when Instagram first introduced video, the company would begin uploading a user’s video while they wrote a caption. That way, when the user pressed “post,” the video would already be good to go, and the user wouldn’t have to wait while the video uploaded in real time. Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger explained this in a presentation on the “Secrets to Lightning Fast Mobile Design” in 2011. It doesn’t seem unreasonable that a similar system might have been used at Facebook to create a faster, cleaner user experience. Except, unlike Instagram which says it threw out the data if a user cancelled the post, it appears Facebook was keeping the videos.
I reached out to Facebook for comment today, and the company asked me to connect them with Kircher so she could consent to the company investigating why these outtakes were in her data archives. The representative told me the company thinks they’ve “gotten to the bottom of it,” but that Facebook was still figuring out what it could share. Later, a Facebook representative provided a statement saying that the company is still looking into the matter: “We’ve heard that when accessing their information from our Download Your Information tool, some people are seeing their old videos that do not appear on their profile or Activity Log. We are investigating.”
The videos that Stephanis and Kircher found in their archives are pretty harmless, at least in terms of content. But it’s easy to imagine a user filming something that wasn’t quite so juvenile and being horrified to discover that Facebook has a copy. Apropos of, well, everything, now seems like a good time to mention that Mark Zuckerberg keeps a piece of tape over his webcam. Seems like he might be onto something.
If you’ve also found questionable things in your Facebook data archive, I’d love to hear about it. Please email me at madison.kircher@nymag.com.
The most charitable reading of Far Cry 5 involves believing that the people who made the game never asked for this. A game like this — featuring a sprawling, detailed frontier environment populated with landmarks and wildlife and heroes and villains — takes years to create. To try to make a game that touches the Zeitgeist three years in advance is almost never going to work out. But as generous as I can be — as understanding — I can’t help but feel vaguely insulted by Far Cry 5. It’s a game that spends much of its time referencing American culture in very specific ways and then refusing to actually take anything resembling a stance on any of it.
Far Cry 5 has found itself in a particularly unique situation. When the game was announced last May, four months after Trump’s inauguration, it set off alarm bells. Its cover art features the game’s villains, the four Seed siblings, who run a brutal paramilitary cult that has taken over the fictional Hope County, Montana. Front and center is cult leader Joseph Seed, sitting in front of an American flag whose stars have been replaced with a cross symbol that alludes to hate group iconography like the Iron Cross and the Celtic cross. You don’t have to read between the lines to see the kind of villain that Ubisoft’s marketing department was trying to fashion.
Or rather, it’s set in Unnamed Leader’s America. An early side mission has a man in a fedora (the trademark hat of conservative luminary Matt Drudge) asking you to procure a compromising VHS tape for a high-value target. Upon securing the tape from a guy with a vaguely Russian accent, a one-sided telephone conversation reveals that your handler has been promoted to “chief of staff.” Who could the person on the other end of the line be???????
The vagueness of Far Cry’s villainous quartet — they’re crazy and vicious! Who cares why? — wouldn’t stick in my craw as much if the rest of the game didn’t go out of its way to include a wealth of explicit references, allusions, and dog whistles to current American culture. At one point, a congressional candidate asks you to recover his campaign truck, Nancy (“named after the greatest First Lady to ever serve”), so that he doesn’t get made fun of by “Obama lovin’ libtards.” Far Cry 5 isn’t just set in the U.S. It’s set in Obama’s America.
That’s why you have a villain who gives nothing monologues like this:
Joseph goes on like this for a while, and at length, many times throughout the game. His siblings do, too. The world is bad (in nondescript ways), people are weak (for unmentioned reasons), leaders are too wimpy to act, so they build walls. Who has been crowing about a wall for years now? It’s anyone’s guess. The problem with the Project at Eden’s Gate, as the cult is known, is that it stands for nothing except paranoia. They worship and congregate in a church, but religious extremism is never addressed. Its members make no mention of any social, economic, or political issues — they only assert that everything is bad. The lone exception to this that I remember is another Seed brother, Jacob, recalling his time in the Gulf War, where he learned that war can be bad. Good observation.
The game knows that its lack of acknowledgment of the player’s identity is lazy. A character named Hurk says this when you first meet him: “Aw, hey, man, I’m sorry. I don’t wanna go on assuming nobody’s gender or nothing. I don’t mean no disrespect. I just call all my homies dude or bro or man regardless of vagitalia or … penilenessness.” How graceful. Far Cry 5 is a game built around interlocking combat and movement systems that can dynamically respond to what you do, but its narrative content is frustratingly static in contrast.
This would be less galling if the veneer of choice didn’t hang over the game. There are three types of narrative choices: right, wrong, and useless. Make the wrong choice, and the narrative dead-ends and resets until you make the right one that the game’s story requires. In the useless category, there’s your player identity: In the game’s menus, you can customize your character’s gender and appearance, but the game is played from a first-person perspective, so you never see the clothes you’ve picked out. All of the dialogue is written gender-neutral, addressing the silent protagonist as “Deputy” or “Rookie.”
At another point, the libtard-fearing candidate asks you to “do some extreme voter suppression and eliminate as many cult members as you can from his district.” A submachine gun available to you is described as able to “burn through bullets faster than a fake news story gets shared.” The main gauge of game progress is an interface called the “Resistance Meter,” for which you earn “Resistance Points.” This stuff doesn’t happen by accident.
There are hints of irreverence in Far Cry. One mission asks you to gather bull testicles for a food festival — a juvenile quest that works by steering into the skid (“Sexual Healing” plays as a bull mounts another cow). A mission to recruit an ally with a flamethrower plays “Burn Baby Burn” for no reason other than that I guess the designers thought it’d be funny. One particularly inventive mission has you racing to deliver a woman in labor to her midwife as a series of escalating traffic obstacles get in your way. There is a fun game tucked inside Far Cry 5, hobbled by an unjustified need to be self-serious.
The game makes no judgment on whether the trends and talking points it’s referencing are good or bad, and worse yet, it doesn’t allow you to decide for yourself either. The game’s “view from nowhere” philosophy asks you to make the call, but player choice is nowhere to be found. There are no ways to solve problems except for the one the game demands (almost always: killing). You have no option as to which allies you do or do not want to side with.
Understandably, Ubisoft walked some of this aggressive positioning back as the game’s launch neared. They stressed the villains as cult leaders, dangerous regardless of political orientation, and stressed player choice — the game’s politics are what you make of it. Ubisoft’s reluctance to participate in American political discourse in 2018 makes sense, particularly as a company that still counts “core gamers” as a significant chunk of its customer base. Anger gamers and you run the risk of going to market DOA.
In the long view, is this game any more tonally fractured than past Far Cry games, a series based around dropping you into exotic locales to kill the people who live there? Probably not. (In fact, it’s probably worth interrogating at some point why I have a stronger reaction to this game’s failings than those of past games set in foreign lands.) But translating that philosophy to an American setting results in nothing more than a cheap trick, a frustrating uncanny valley of things you know and recognize and can do nothing but roll your eyes at.
From what I can tell, most people haven’t noticed this yet. (Or, possibly, they have and are unperturbed.) One reason might be that the videos are saved in the FLV format, short for Flash Video. Most default video players can’t read them, but you can watch them in VLC. You can’t preview a .flv file in a file browser, which could make it a little trickier to figure out what videos Facebook has of yours. To find yours, download your data archive — instructions here — and open the file. Select the index, which will open your archive in your web browser. From there, click the video section to see what’s what. (You might need to download the free app VLC player, which can play Flash videos.)
Last week, Facebook users around the world discovered that Facebook’s Android app had, in some cases, Hoovered up extensive call data without their awareness. “When this feature is enabled, uploading your contacts also allows us to use information like when a call or text was made or received. This feature does not collect the content of your calls or text messages,” Facebook said, noting that users had to initially opt in to have their communication tracked. But it seems unlikely that many of the people who “opted in” were aware that they’d done so, or what exactly it meant.
I thought this was a funny quirk of my sister’s. And then I looked at my own data archive. There, at the bottom of the list of videos I’d put on the platform, I found clips that appear to have never been posted to Facebook but were saved anyway.
Update, March 28, 6:16 p.m.: This piece has been edited to include a statement from Facebook.
Facebook and Google are loosely regulated, privately owned entities that collectively distribute information to — and collect information about — billions of people on a daily basis. There is no precedent in human history for the kind of power that they enjoy. And both have a known record of exercising that power in deceitful, destructive ways. They have (collectively) conspired to suppress wages for workers in their sector; violated their users’ privacy rights; abetted censorship in authoritarian nations; contributed to a genocide in Myanmar; and aggressively avoided paying taxes to the government that funded the basic research and infrastructure on which their private empires were built.
Facebook has decided to close yet another avenue that lets advertisers target users. The social network is shutting down “Partner Categories,” its program that allowed third-party data companies to offer their services directly through Facebook.
Some background: There’s an enormous industry of companies besides Facebook that harvest user data and then sell it or access to it. They sometimes have freshman-philosophy names like Acxiom or Experian or Epsilon. In addition to Facebook’s own targeting mechanisms, high-level operation might also merge that with data from third-party firms for even more precise targeting. It’s kinda like how you can get an HBO subscription through your Hulu subscription — a premium add-on that makes the service more effective and useful. “As part of Partner Categories,” the Verge explains, “Facebook shares revenue with companies like Experian that help inform its data set every time a marketer purchases ad space on Facebook using that data.”
Now, that program is no more. Which is only to say that marketers will just have to go to these other data brokers directly, rather than through Facebook. In a brief note, Facebook said, “While [using third-party data] is common industry practice, we believe this step, winding down over the next six months, will help improve people’s privacy on Facebook.” I mean, maybe? It’s not clear how ending these partnerships will lessen the data-harvesting habits that got us into this mess in the first place.
And a journalist at Axios, Scott Rosenberg, wants them to know that they’re absolutely right.
Nevertheless, top executives at both of these companies believe that they have been subjected to an unfair amount of adversarial coverage in (what remains of) the traditional media. In their view, journalists do not monitor their activities so zealously — or analyze their actions so skeptically — out of concern for keeping them accountable to their users and the broader public, but rather, out of bitter jealousy.
One piece of this analysis is indisputably true: Journalists (and their employers) have been adversely impacted by the rise of these tech giants, and are thus, acutely aware of the less benign aspects of their power. It is plausible that this experience has led some outlets to cover Facebook and Google more adversarially than they might have otherwise.
But it’s also plausible that the immense power that Facebook and Google have amassed leads other outlets to cover them less adversarially than they should. For example, a newly hired tech editor at a digital-first publication that specializes in providing intimate access into the thoughts of the powerful (to readers who prefer their news in flash-card form) might write a “beat-sweetener” piece informing Facebook and Google executives that they are right to see themselves as victims of the Fourth Estate’s professional jealousy.
It is true that many legacy-media outlets did a lackluster job of adapting to the internet revolution (present company excluded). And it’s true that this made it easier for tech platforms to eat their industry’s lunch. Rosenberg does a fine job of establishing a motive for “score-settling” journalism. But where is the crime? It would be one thing if Axios presented a litany of libelous errors that journalists had made in the course of covering Silicon Valley with a vengeance. But if this alleged resentment isn’t producing misinformation, then what is the point of insinuating that critical coverage of Facebook is rooted in personal grievance? Who is served by such unsubstantiated insinuations?
These questions point to the more fundamental flaw in Rosenberg’s analysis — its failure to grapple with journalism’s civic functions and responsibilities. Let’s stipulate that reporters resent Facebook and Google for what they’ve done to the news business. Why should we assume that such resentment is rooted in personal concerns, rather than democratic ones?
Silicon Valley giants have outperformed newspapers in the business of matching advertisers to eyeballs, while also (at least, in Google’s case) radically expanding the accessibility of information in a manner that’s delivered immense benefits to the public (not least, that portion of the public that reports for a living). But they could not provide the latter service if it weren’t for journalistic enterprises — because Facebook and Google have not outperformed traditional media at its core function of news-gathering; they’ve just slurped up the revenue streams that sustained such work.
Between 2004 and 2016, Google’s revenue (the vast majority of which comes from advertising) swelled from $3.2 billion to $89.5 billion. Over that same period, the amount that local businesses invested in print newspaper ads dropped from $44.4 billion to $12.9 billion. Meanwhile, Facebook diverted more than $1 billion in advertising away from print outlets in 2016 alone, according to an analysis from Poynter.
This creative destruction didn’t just hurt journalists, but also the publics that they serve. In 2014, there were 35 percent fewer full-time newspaper reporters covering state capitals in the U.S than there were in 2003. This decline was powered by the mass death of local and regional papers. And the civic consequences of that extinction event have been immediate and profound. Multiple studies have shown that when a city loses its local paper, residents become less knowledgeable about — and active in — local politics. One of the leading researchers on this phenomenon, Lee Shaker of Portland State University, explained its consequences to Wired last year:
This state of affairs works quite well for America’s would-be plutocrats (including those who maintain homes in Silicon Valley). Print journalism’s crisis of profitability has left many papers reliant on the largesse of billionaires — and, in some cases, muzzled by their ideological whims. Meanwhile, the dearth of reporting on state governments has made it easier for monied interests to bend public policy to their will.
But the “disruption” of legacy media has worked rather poorly for anyone who believes that our nation should be governed democratically by a well-informed public (or, at least, by one that has been given the opportunity to be well-informed). The fact that Facebook and Google have devastated the news business is not a reason to view stories that portray their power as a threat to the public good with skepticism; it is a reason to view their power as a threat to the public good.
Apple released iOS 11.3 today, containing a number of welcome additions to its flagship mobile operating system. On the fun side, there are four new Animoji, the emoji you can map your face to on an iPhone X. There’s a dragon and a bear and a skull and a lion. Your mom’s gonna love it.
What else? Upon initial reboot, I was greeted with an ominous new screen regarding “Data & Privacy.” What conspicuous timing, given Apple CEO Tim Cook’s recent criticism of Facebook. In a follow-up, Apple said that the privacy tweaks had been in the works for months in response to new European regulations known as the GDPR, which go into effect in May. The timing is coincidental, but very convenient. Chief among the tweaks is a new privacy icon of two people shaking hands.
Under the hood, Apple has also included new battery controls, in response to reports at the start of the year that Apple nerfed battery performance in exchange for more stability. A new section called “Battery Health (Beta)” lets you check in on the status of your battery. Mine, in an iPhone 7 I bought at launch in September of 2016, has a maximum capacity of 94 percent. As a reminder, Apple will replace your battery for $29 through the end of 2018.
To upgrade to the most recent version of iOS, got to Settings > General > Software Update on your device.
Starting Friday morning, Snapchat’s Snap Map — Snap’s real-time map that shows you where your friends are in the world — will be transformed into what Snap is hailing the “Great Snapchat Egg Hunt!” What is the “Great Snapchat Egg Hunt!” you ask? Great question. Users will be able to see eggs “hidden” all over their Snap Map, but will have to visit those places IRL to collect the egg. Snap says to look in public places, “such as local coffee shops, shopping centres, airports, college campuses and amusement parks.”
When you’re near an egg, open the app and tap the egg on the map. It’ll open a special 3-D lens on the rear-facing camera so you can take a picture. Each egg is worth one point, except if you find a golden egg. Those are worth five. The game is scored and lasts until Sunday night. Snapchat says it’ll keep score and show you where you stack up against other users — both your friends and snappers around the world — in the upper-right-hand corner of the map. If you’re in Ghost Mode, as in your location is not shared, you can still play, but your score won’t be visible to anyone but you. Which seems silly since you don’t actually win anything but bragging rights playing this dumb game, anyway. But also not silly because if we’ve learned anything from Facebook this month, it’s that maybe it’s better to not willingly surrender personal info, like your location, to tech giants. Unclear if this game will be enough to lure back the growing list of celebrities — Chrissy Teigen, Rihanna, and Kylie Jenner among them — who have publicly abandoned the platform in recent weeks.
Yesterday evening, The Hollywood Reporter, uh, reported that YouTuber Jake Paul was developing a talk show for the site’s subscription service. The show was purported to have a “late-night variety show feel.” Sure. A couple of production companies reportedly signed on to produce, and a pilot could be finished as early as next month.
On the one hand, it’s clear that millions of people will watch Jake Paul talk about anything, so it’s not difficult to see how this came about. And he’s got a roster of “talent” in his Team 10 crew. Heeeeeere’s Jakey!
On the other hand, Jake Paul is not a particularly talented interviewer. You might recall his Skype session with Marco Rubio in the wake of the Parkland shooting, which contained probing questions like, “People think passing laws is super easy. Can you explain some of the struggles around passing laws?” Paul then advocated placing bulletproof shields in kids’ backpacks.
The only problem is that YouTube isn’t involved in any of this. A spokesperson for YouTube told Variety in a follow-up, “There is no series order currently in place.” The show might not get any further than the development stages, and is part of YouTube’s standard process for soliciting new ideas.
If you’ve ever worked in an office, then you know the struggle of sharing a refrigerator with dozens of other people. Everyone’s fighting for room and leaving smelly food in there and and it’s messy and, despite the fact that law is the only thing that separates us from the animals, food is constantly disappearing. Like, if I left a Trader Joe’s bean and cheese microwave burrito in the fridge, I would hope that someone else wouldn’t just help themselves (not that this has ever actually happened to me and not that I’m holding a grudge).
Damn. Drama. The moral of the story is don’t touch someone else’s work-fridge food. Criminals will be apprehended and punished to the full extent of office law.
So. Anyway. We all know that feeling. This led to this week’s thrilling food-thief story, as relayed in real-time on Twitter by Zak Toscani. Zak, take it away …
Last year, AI-generated porn swept through the internet to the shock and horror of even Reddit, which quickly banned face-swapped porn from the site. AI has generally been given a large amount of leeway, with targeted outrage toward Alexa listening in dissolving in the general news cycle, but putting celebrity faces on porn was the clear line to draw, as robots can’t quite yet distinguish what’s morally okay (because people can’t either). Pornhub and Twitter followed suit in banning deepfakes, banishing them no doubt to some uglier sliver of the internet.
According to the Twitter thread, Barrat’s trying to set up an online shop to sell them. In the meantime, look at this time lapse of AI landscapes that’s pinned to his timeline.
In his own words, they’re “really surreal.” It feels somewhere in the realm of Salvador Dalí-esque melting clocks and warm tones, and another Twitter user calls it “A kind of Francis Bacon / Sol Lewitt mashup that investigates the latent space of flesh as expressed through a global history of representation.” Translated: This is what robots think humans look like naked based on historical artistic representations of nudes. Which actually are not terribly global, but canonical (i.e., mostly white, mostly Western), though Barrat’s looking to fix that. Barrat collected images “from WikiArt — they’re all nude portraits but they’re from different time frames,” essentially gathering ideas of what humans portray a nude body to be and then mashing them up into mesmerizing swirls of bodyish shapes via computer.
But how do we feel about AI-generated … nudes?
AI-generated art isn’t new to the scene — New York’s own art critic Jerry Saltz appeared on Vice to offer his professional take on computer art. He was not impressed, but other people seem to like it more than art made by living humans.
Twitter user @DrBeef_, also known as Robbie Barrat, a self-proclaimed artist working with machine learning, went viral a few days ago with this collection of AI generated nude portraits:
If you’re a frequent Spotify user, you’re probably already familiar with Spotify’s partnership with Genius which powers those info cards that pop up in the app and show you things like the lyrics and fun – “fun” – facts about the song and artist you are listening too. Today, Genius is partnering up with YouTube to test a similar, expanded product on its own site. Called “Song Stories” the feature is available on the Genius app and website. “It’s meant to be a visual/informational companion to a song, an alternative to just listening to an audio track or watching a music video,” a Genius spokesperson said.
There are a few stories available today which you can test for yourself. If you’re a frequent user of Snapchat Stories, or Instagram’s copycatted version, it’ll feel familiar. Tapping through – Song Stories work on desktop and mobile – is easy enough. Plus, I now know everything I ever wanted to about why B’s “Bartier Cardi” isn’t “Cartier Cardi.” Information which should make me infinitely more fun at parties. Some of the cards will give you the option to swipe to watch YouTube videos – hence the partnership – for even more behind the scenes info. If you’re a regular Genius user, this feature seems like it’ll be fun and handy. If you’re not, well then it seems like it’ll be less fun and handy. But hey, it’s 2018. Every other platform got stories in 2017. Genius is just catching up with the times.
This past weekend saw the release of Steven Spielberg’s Ready Player One, a virtual-reality adventure based on the book of the same name by Ernest Cline, that the film’s own marketing refers to as the “holy grail of pop culture.” What makes Ready Player One a “holy” grail is that its core concept is, put simply, “Wouldn’t it be cool to see Geek Thing X meet Geek Thing Y?” In an early sequence, a Back to the Future–style DeLorean with Knight Rider lights races against the motorcycle from Akira through digital New York City toward a finish line guarded by King Kong. It is the crossover to end all crossovers, a fanboy’s dream.
But Ready Player One is not the first such multi-fictional-universe crossover event. Leading up to the film’s release, the concept reminded some web surfers of another epic meet-up: Gamemaster Anthony’s birthday.
You might have to take my word for it, but GamemasterAnthony’s birthday-celebration post is one of the most well-known and widely circulated posts to have ever graced a message board. The post itself is self-explanatory: In 2008, GamemasterAnthony celebrated his 33rd birthday by partying with, well, everyone.
In an internet clogged with venom and callousness, this post remains a perfect example of the intimate feeling that small web communities, even those composed of pseudonymous users, can foster. And as Twitter user @jimpjorps has catalogued, Gamemaster Anthony has an imaginative bash like this every year (his 42nd birthday was Hitchhiker’s Guide–themed), and he’s aware of the attention. “Anyways…commence with the usual! *various multiversals come in with cake, presents, booze*” he wrote in this year’s post. His fellow forum dwellers get in on the birthday role-play as well.
Gamemaster Anthony is also the author of a sprawling fanfiction crossover series called Heroes of Arcadia. In it, the main character Anthony Bault (the Gamemaster’s real name) helps dozens of his favorite video game characters defeat the forces of evil. Characters from Super Mario, the Legend of Zelda, Sonic the Hedgehog, Megaman, Pokemon, and so on all meet up to help save the day.
The birthday posts have attained a sort of cult status, mostly for the right reasons. An invocation of Gamemaster Anthony’s name conjures up both a certain type of online friendship and a certain type of devotion to geek culture.
So when Ready Player One’s marketing push ramped up earlier this month, it was inevitable that people would draw connections between the two. A film where all of the most famous geek characters come together in an epic mashup? Sounds like a birthday bash to me.
On Saturday, we sent Gamemaster Anthony to see Ready Player One in theaters and give us his thoughts on the highly anticipated film. Here’s what he had to say.
So what’d you think of the movie?The virtual world of OASIS does feel like something that would be created if someone looked at fanfiction.net or some other fanfiction site and said to himself/herself, “You know … this would make an awesome idea for a VR Chat/MMO-like environment for people to interact with.” The sheer number of references, not just video-game but also movie and television, was incredible. I feel like there were people in the theater watching the movie with me that were trying to see how many references they could make out in any given time frame. Thankfully, the only references that were played out to any extent were those related to the plot.
I will say, the references were also part of the problem. I was seeing a lot of 2.5/4 star reviews for this one with the general consensus being that the visuals were great but the characters and plot were not as strong. And … they were right. We’ve seen the “evil corporation trying to take over with the common man fighting back” plot before, and while a lot of the set pieces were great, it wasn’t really all that different from that formula. I did personally enjoy the bits where the main characters were figuring out the puzzles within OASIS to try and find the Easter egg. This is mostly due to the fact I am a real lover of puzzles and mysteries, which no doubt my latest obsession with escape rooms can attest to.
At any rate, I thought it was a fun little romp. Not a blockbuster to change the face of cinema like the Marvel Cinematic Universe has, but a fun little flick to watch.
Had you read the book?I had not, but I did hear that the book was actually better than the movie. But that can be said about a lot of books.
What was your favorite scene?It definitely had to be the final battle. It was pretty epic the way that was all laid out, just every character that you could think of coming in at once. I was actually telling members of my family I’m planning a reboot of the fanfiction series I’m doing and I was looking at kind of how that battle was laid out in the movie, and I was saying, “Yeah, it’s probably going to be something like that.” So that gave me some good ideas.
Did you have any favorite Easter eggs?I liked how they incorporated the very first Easter egg in a video game for that last bit [in Adventure for the Atari 2600]. I was trying to see if I could see anything that I recognized right off the bat that might’ve fallen off the radar of anyone else and I really didn’t see a whole heck of a lot that stood out. They tried to touch upon everything. I actually heard how they had eliminated references to Spielberg’s stuff because he had said that he didn’t want to put too much of him in there; he wanted this to be about everyone’s nostalgia. Which I thought was kind of weird. Spielberg, you’re a part of pop culture no matter what.
How does Heroes of Arcadia differ from Ready Player One?Heroes of Arcadia is really based around the idea of different video games actually being alternate realities to our own. They are real worlds in and of themselves, fully fleshed out with histories, timelines, that kind of thing, instead of a virtual world. I think one of the ideas that they do have that’s similar is the idea of bringing these worlds together. That’s sort of the reason that a lot of crossover fanfiction exists in the first place; it’s people that have more than one thing they’re a fan of so they wonder, what would happen if these series came together. In the later years, we’ve been seeing the video-game companies themselves delve into that. We’ve seen Marvel vs. Capcom, Super Smash Bros., a lot of the fighting games have characters from other series come in.
If they were to make a sequel to Ready Player One, what’s the No. 1 thing you’d want to see in it?Personally, what I would love to see is more character and plot development. Make it less about the set pieces — everyone’s going to be expecting that. Maybe work on something unique within the plot itself. Maybe the story could be about … maybe borrow an idea from God Hack for example and see if there’s something hidden within the code of the game that may end up destroying OASIS if it’s not dealt with. Or maybe even figure out a way to create a rival to OASIS. Something along the lines where the story takes more of a center stage than the set pieces.
When I initially emailed you, I know that you were skeptical about why I wanted to talk to you. I think by now you’re aware that your birthday posts have gone pretty far and wide?Yes, it has. Like I said, I was actually surprised I was actually still relevant. I’m still relatively active on certain message boards and such, but I really haven’t written anything new in regards to my fanfiction series. I’m really kind of surprised that these guys would actually do this birthday post. It’s like “Who are you guys? And why are you doing this for my 40th birthday?” Seriously!
One of the themes in the movie is online relationships versus IRL relationships. It’s interesting to celebrate personal milestones like your birthday online with people you know from a message board but might not know in real life. What’s that like?It’s pretty exciting. One thing I was surprised by in terms of my fanfiction is how many people I’ve actually influenced. About a month ago, I got an email from someone who was writing his own fanfiction. He wanted to get in touch with me and say “How are you doing?” and such. I think it’s really great to see people want to celebrate your milestones like that. I think it shows a respect to people that have contributed. “Here’s a guy that wrote these great stories. He deserves some recognition for that, some respect for that.” I feel rather humbled by the fact that there are people who want to do that with me. Those birthday posts that you saw, they’re from people I don’t even know. They wanted to do this for me and that’s awesome.
When you spend time online where do you tend to go? Message boards? Twitter? Facebook?I don’t do a lot of social networking, because it’s lot of “Here’s the last thing I ate!” I usually stick around message boards. When it comes to things like that I mainly contribute if I have something to contribute, you know? Something relevant. Usually when I’m online, I go to YouTube to watch videos or to Twitch to watch and to interact with other people who are watching those stream.
When did you get into video games?Pretty much at birth. My family had an Atari 2600 when we were really young, so I kind of started playing video games when I was 5, and just didn’t stop. I think the popular phrase is “I geeked at birth.” But I also have a brother who was into games at the time, when he was really young. He played Dungeons & Dragons with his friends, and then I eventually got into a group of my own in high school. I basically just like games in general, whether it’s board games, video games, roleplaying games, that kind of thing.
Which type do you usually start with?That really depends on the game itself. Usually I look ahead to see what gyms are available and then I usually pick a type that can be used on more than one of them. I think for the Gen 1 games I chose Squirtle, and then for the Gen 2 games I chose Cyndaquil.
What’s your favorite game?My favorite video game so far has been the Pokémon series. I’ve really been into role-playing games for quite a while, and having a game series like Pokémon that’s so customizable in so many different ways really kind of gets into the essence of building your own character. Or in this case building your own team.
I’ve got to ask: what’s next. You said you were working on more fanfic?Once I can find the time and hopefully a decent word processing software, I want to get back to doing a reboot of the entire series. I’ve been messing around with message-board RP sessions, which is round-robin storytelling. Those have given me some really great ideas.
Last week, Select All reported that Facebook had quietly been storing videos users never posted and believe they had deleted. The issue involved videos that users filmed back in the days when Facebook let users film videos directly on the platform to post on their friends’ walls. Turns out, when a user filmed a take and decided not to post it … the video was saved. Nearly a week later, Facebook says it finally has an answer as to why this happened, and says that it is working to delete all of the inappropriately saved content.
Many users discovered that this so-called “bug” had affected them after downloading their Facebook data archive. (If you haven’t, here’s a very easy how-to guide.) Videos were not the only thing in those archives that has concerned users in recent weeks. Android users who downloaded their data were alarmed to discover that Facebook had saved detailed records of calls and text messages from their phones. Facebook said the feature was opt-in, though it’s unclear if users were fully made aware of the kind of surveillance they were opting into by agreeing. Select All has asked Facebook if there is any way for users to confirm that the platform has actually deleted their old videos and will update this post if we hear back.
Last week, gay dating app Grindr introduced a new feature reminding users regularly to get tested for HIV. In addition to the reminders, Grindr will also direct users to the nearest testing site (the service links users by geographic proximity) and let clinics advertise for free. The move follows a feature the app added in late 2016 to lets users of the app declare their HIV status.
Antoine Pultier of SINTEF told BuzzFeed that he didn’t believe anything nefarious was at play here. “I think this is the incompetence of some developers that just send everything, including HIV status,” he said. That doesn’t minimize the potential damage of mishandling and transmitting a user’s sensitive medical information, especially when that information is tied to their identity and geographic location.
A new privacy analysis from security researcher SINTEF, verified by BuzzFeed, reveals, however, that Grindr is sharing user HIV status with third-party data collectors. Apptimize is an A/B testing service, while Localytics analyzes user behavior to help increase engagement. In a statement, Grindr said that the two companies that received HIV data did so because Grindr integrates with their services, not because they sold user data for separate usage.
Back in 2013, a bizarre trend involving people — mostly teens and YouTuber types — snorting condoms through one nostril and pulling them out the other, or out their mouths, became a capital-T Thing online. (This is not to be confused with 2015’s condom challenge, a different stunt that involved dropping a condom full of water over someone’s head to create a giant bubble over their skull.)
If you search YouTube for condom-challenge videos and sort chronologically, you won’t find any new videos of people trying it. It’s possible that’s because the videos technically violate YouTube’s terms of service when it comes to dangerous content, but given the platform’s historically poor showing when it comes to moderation — Logan Paul’s dead-body video and top trending video peddling a conspiracy theory about a Parkland survivor as a crisis actor — that seems unlikely. Instead, what you’ll find if you search by date is a string of 2018 news videos panicking about the challenge, dotted by the occasional re-upload of an older challenge video posted by a user clearly looking to seize the traffic moment. So if kids aren’t actually inhaling condoms, or at the very least aren’t inhaling condoms for views on YouTube, why is everybody, to quote the teens and make myself sound very old, freaking TF out? Blame some well-intentioned parents in Texas and state education specialist Stephen Enriquez.
On March 28, Fox San Antonio ran a piece about parents in San Antonio attending a class, taught by Enriquez, to get hip to possible dangerous trends their kids might get into. The biggest concern, according to Fox San Antonio’s headline … the condom challenge. The story was picked up by Newsweek, which claimed that “typing the Condom Challenge into YouTube will leave you with an array of videos of young people snorting condoms up their nose.” (Yes, but not a recent array.) The Washington Post also quoted Enriquez. From there, the condom-challenge mania only continued to spread. The Daily Mail, using stills from a 2015 video from YouTuber ExtraLuck, proclaimed, “Teens are SNORTING entire condoms up their nose.” A Forbes contributor wrote up a handy list of things you can inhale through you nose, “air.” Motherboard ran a “brief history” of the challenge, which, while informative, ends in the year 2013 and doesn’t delve into the challenge’s 2018 reincarnation. A video from Fox News on the “dangerous trend” features a montage of clips of people doing the challenge, the most recent dated to 2017.
Much like the Tide Pod challenge — with a few exceptions — was mostly a performative meme, the 2018 condom challenge also isn’t really happening. Parents, rejoice. Your kids probably aren’t snorting prophylactics. They are probably snorting something else entirely by now.
The gag was popularized by one particular video of a young woman performing the act while Taylor Swift’s “22” played in the background. That video has since been taken off of YouTube for violating the platform’s terms of service. Still, it didn’t stop the challenge from popping back up again in 2015. If you search YouTube now for “condom challenge” — again, you want the snorting version, anything with a thumbnail of somebody in a bathtub is the wrong one — you’ll find plenty of years-old videos of people attempting the stunt.
Which leads me to this week … where an onslaught of hysterical headlines across the web would have you believe that every teen on earth presently has, or will soon have, a condom wedged somewhere in their sinus cavity. This is wrong.
Two tech CEOs entered into a war of words over the last week, sparring over who cares more about their users. (Trick question: Neither cares about users). In one corner, we have Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook, on an apology tour ever since it was revealed that his platform allowed developers to siphon off vast quantities of data. In the other corner, we have Tim Cook, the Apple CEO who is just happy that we’re not talking about the poorly treated workers who assemble his phones.
Asked what Apple would do in a similar situation, Cook was unequivocal: “I wouldn’t be in this situation.” Apple’s core business, he argued, is selling products to customers, not subsidizing free services by collecting customer data and offering its use to advertisers.
Mark Zuckerberg did not like that. During a chat with Vox’s Ezra Klein, the Zuck defended Facebook’s ad-based revenue model:
Last week, Tim Cook didn’t mince words when talking about Facebook’s privacy screwup. He spent a few minutes bragging about the App Store’s review system, which takes privacy into consideration. Apple also has a bias toward processing information on-device, rather than remotely. “The truth is, we could make a ton of money if we monetized our customer — if our customer was our product,” he said, referring to Facebook’s system of offering advertisers access. “We’ve elected not to do that.”
For what it’s worth, both of these companies have substantial profit margins — the high cost of Apple products isn’t a direct result of privacy efforts, and Facebook’s financials don’t show a company hurting from putting user privacy before client needs.
When we last checked in with Logan Paul, he was apologizing profusely and donating $1 million to suicide prevention. That’s because at the start of the year, he published a video of himself gawking at a dead body he discovered in Japan’s famous “suicide forest,” a secluded wooded area where people often go to … you know. Anyway, three months later it looks like Paul is back to goofing around in the woods. This time, it’s Yosemite National Park.
The Blast reports that the U.S. National Parks Service issued the YouTube star a citation over the weekend, when he was celebrating his 23rd birthday. Apparently, Paul and his friends were “riding around the park on top of a school bus while sitting inside tents that were fastened to the roof.” The bus is known as the Cool Bus (“cool” sounds like “school”).
An official told the Blast that Paul was cited for an “illegal operation” and issued a small fine. He took responsibility for the incident, and in a far-off photo, Paul can be seen holding up a peace sign as a ranger writes him a ticket. The group was also reprimanded multiple times over the weekend for parking the bus across multiple parking spaces.
After adding GIF stickers at the end of February — and then suspending them for racist content — Snapchat is taking a cue from Instagram with its newest feature, mentions. Now users will be able to tag friends, using their Snap usernames, in their stories. If you use Instagram Stories this should sound familiar. When somebody tags you in one of their stories, you’ll receive a notification in the app’s chat section. Again, if you use Instagram Stories this should sound familiar.
The app is also rolling out a group video chat feature, which is basically what it sounds like. Users will be able to video chat with up to 16 friends at a time. (The feature also works for up to 32 users with a group audio call.) Remember Houseparty? The multi-way video calling app that burst onto — and off of — the scene in 2017. Think that, but with the addition of Snapchat’s iconic filters, which will be available in the group video feature. To start a video call with a group of friends, just tap the video camera icon, which you should see soon in your chat section. Snapchat says it is rolling out both features globally in the coming weeks.
Once upon a time, it was Instagram that was blatantly copying Snapchat’s features. Now the pendulum has swung and it feels like Snapchat is doing anything and everything — including aping Instagram — to get users to stick around. Though I doubt mentions and the option to conference call with 30 people will be enough to bring back Rihanna.
On Monday night, Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan announced that they are separating after nearly nine nears of marriage. As with all breakups of beloved celebrity couples, we have questions. Specifically, what the hell app did the two of them use to write this announcement?
The Notes App screenshot as a method of communicating a celebrity breakup, apology, or life announcement has a storied history online. Taylor Swift used the Notes App to call out Kanye West and Kim Kardashian West after that Snapchat story. Demi Lovato, on Instagram, used the Notes App to announce her split from Wilmer Valderrama. Zayn Malik did the same on Twitter following his recent breakup with Gigi Hadid. (Though Malik, an artiste, opted to use the monospaced-font layout, so his looks a little different; more like an Instagram poem, less like a screenshotted press release.)
Hadid, however, broke the mold a little. She announced the separation with a screenshot of white text on a black background. (Really makes the red heart emoji pop off the page.) And she wasn’t the only celebrity to ditch the Notes App recently, either: Chris Pratt and Anna Faris announced their split in an iMessage screenshot, of all things.
Travel with me back to the year 2015. It was March Madness, and the top-seeded Villanova Wildcats were in the final stages of an upset, losing out to North Carolina State and failing to advance to the Sweet 16. Among those devastated by the tragedy was Roxanne Chalifoux, a piccolo player in Villanova’s band, who was captured by television cameras playing through the tears. The shot quickly went viral on Sports Twitter, and then in general.
Last night, Villanova won the tournament, and as a handful of viral tweets might have you believe, Roxanne was supposedly there.
As good a story as that might be, it is not true. Chalifoux is a member of Villanova’s class of 2015, which would make the crying year her final one. The faked image uses an appearance she made on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon in 2015 (the odd lighting should be a dead giveaway).
Anyway, sorry to burst your bubble!
Before you @ me with some configuration you’ve made that looks closer to the breakup note in question, please accept my professional opinion that Tatum and Dewan did not spend that much time playing around with the colors on this, and thus did not announce their separation using a PowerPoint slide.
Which brings us back to Tatum and Dewan. Their announcement, with its yellow-to-purple gradient background looks something like the PowerPoint preset you might have used to jazz up a title slide in the ninth grade to distract from the fact that you put very little effort into the rest of the presentation. A trendy choice given how popular gradients are — looking at you here, Instagram, Lyft, Tinder, and just about every preset app that comes on your iPhone — in design. It is, in case you were wondering, not actually a screen cap of a PowerPoint slide. I spent an embarrassing amount of time fiddling around with slide-formatting trying to re-create Tatum and Dewan’s note. This was the closest I could get.
One of the beauties of this fragile thing we call life is that it’s unpredictable. You could be sitting on the subway, minding your own business, when suddenly a group of break-dancers hops into your car to put on a show. You could be riding the subway when a celebrity gets on, randomly. Maybe you’re riding the subway and you find $20. A lot can happen on the subway.
Very normal thing to see amid the aisles of everyday low prices.
The clip — curious and endearing — has gone viral over the last week, in part because there are a lot of things to meme here. Singing at Walmart, a young boy yodeling the phrase “sweet daddy,” the outfit, the staging and shot composition.
Or, maybe you’re in a Walmart. You’re searching for savings amid the aisles of home goods and electronics, when suddenly, a voice rings out. You peek around the corner, and see … this.
The boy seen here is Mason Ramsey, an 11-year-old from Illinois whose favorite singer is Hank Williams. As of two hours ago, he has a new Twitter account to capitalize on his newfound internet fame. He also posted a new video for all of his fans.
Well, as the saying goes, “Sing loudly in enough Walmarts and eventually you’ll go viral.” Dreams do come true.
This isn’t even the first time he’s gone viral! A video from early 2017 also shows Ramsey in a shopping cart belting out the hits. According to the Southern Illinoisan, the video got 3.4 million views on YouTube (though that specific copy appears to have vanished).
On Tuesday afternoon, YouTube’s headquarters in San Bruno, California, went into lockdown mode as authorities responded to an active shooter on campus. “We have four victims who have all been transported for gunshot-related injuries and we have one suspect who is deceased inside the building with a self-inflicted wound, who at this time we believe to be the shooter but we are still following up on that,” San Bruno police chief Ed Barberini said during a press briefing. The female suspect reportedly came to the campus to shoot her boyfriend, a law-enforcement official told the Daily Beast. Barberini characterized all of the injuries as “treatable.”
On Twitter, YouTube staff documented their experiences during the shooting. Police evacuated hundreds of employees from the office. Vadim Lavrusik was among the first YouTube employees to tweet about the shooter. (His Twitter was hacked just hours later.)
Google, YouTube’s parent company, says it is “coordinating with authorities” and will be posting updates as more information becomes available. The company advised other employees in the surrounding area to stay away from the San Bruno headquarters, and said it has provided an employee help line.
Brent Andrew, a spokesperson from the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, confirmed that there were deaths at the scene, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Andrew also said that “a number of patients with gunshot wounds” have arrived at the facility. A spokeswoman for Stanford Health Care Center told the New York Times it was anticipating four to five patients. Barberini characterized all of the injuries as “treatable.”
Nasim Najafi Aghdam has been identified by the police as the shooter who attacked YouTube’s headquarters in San Bruno, California, on Tuesday. Police are still investigating a motive, but Aghdam’s family has said that she had a history of anger toward YouTube after the platform reportedly demonetized her videos.
Update, April 3, 2018, 10:39 a.m.: An earlier version of this post reported the shooter allegedly shot her boyfriend at YouTube, citing a quote from a law-enforcement official to the Daily Beast. The latest report from the San Bruno Police Department says “there is no evidence that the shooter knew the victims of this shooting or that individuals were specifically targeted.” Police are still investigating a possible motive.
“She was always complaining that YouTube ruined her life,” Aghdam’s brother, Shahran, told the East Bay Times. Shahran also says he called authorities after finding out his sister was near the YouTube office to warn them. Police told him they had checked in with his sister — they found her sleeping in her car — and nothing was amiss. Ismail Aghdam said his daughter was “angry” and claimed YouTube had begun censoring her content. Aghdam, according to her website, had at least four different YouTube channels, including one in English, one in Turkish, and one in Farsi.
Aghdam’s content — her Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube accounts have all been taken offline — ranged from videos about veganism and animal rights to music videos and fitness. “I’m being discriminated and filtered on YouTube and I’m not the only one,” Aghdam said on January 28 in a now-deleted video. “They age restricted my ab workout video. A video that has nothing bad in it. Nothing sexual.”
At the top of her site is a large, yellow banner warning readers about dictatorships. “There is no free speech in real world & you will be suppressed for telling the truth that is not supported by the system. Videos of targeted users are filtered & merely relegated, so that people can hardly see their videos!” She also quotes Adolf Hitler. Further down, she embedded graphic videos of animals being “tortured.” She also included a grainy photo of a car tire that appears to have something stabbed in it. Aghdam claims it was “attacked by anti-vegan animal business supporting criminals trying to harm/kill me! because of the animals rights awakening stickers on my car.”
Aghdam would have turned 38 on Wednesday. “She chose the day to die the day she came,” her brother said.
In what the New York Times describes as “a major coup,” Apple has hired John Giannandrea, a Google executive in charge of the company’s significant push into artificial intelligence and machine learning. Giannandrea will be 1 of 16 executives to report directly to CEO Tim Cook.
The poaching is a big signal that Apple is actually putting some muscle into its AI efforts. The newest trend in consumer technology is systems that can process requests made in natural language, usually through products like Alexa, the “digital assistant” in Amazon’s Echo. While Google and Amazon have a head start on the trend, Apple has often lagged behind. Its Siri assistant is generally less capable than its competitors.
Part of the reason Apple has lagged in the AI department has been because of its bias toward on-device processing. Google and Amazon’s systems send user requests to remote servers where much larger technical systems can process data faster, Apple would prefer to crunch the numbers using your device exclusively. Now it has one of the most sought-after executives in the field, with a lot of R&D funding and a lot of authority.
Aghdam wounded three people — a fourth was injured while fleeing the scene but was not shot — before killing herself. (An initial report from the Daily Beast cited a law-enforcement official saying Aghdam went to YouTube to shoot her boyfriend, and police initially said they were investigating a “domestic incident”; the San Bruno Police Department has since said Aghdam did not know her victims or “specifically targeted” them.)
Her website — which remains online — shows screen caps of analytics from her channel claiming she only earned ten cents on a video with 300,000 views. “New close-minded youtube employees, got control of my Farsi YouTube channel last year 2016 & began filtering my videos to reduce views & suppress & discourage me from making videos!” Aghdam wrote above a video clip she claims was age-restricted. The only video of Aghdam that remains on her site is entitled “Vegan Nasim Strength Test,” and shows her doing squat jumps to a song she appears to have written and recorded herself. “Do you dare not to kill for passion, not to wear bloody fashion.” The video is hosted by Daily Motion, not YouTube.
Other videos, ones not created by Aghdam, remain on the site, including one from Casey Neistat about the state of YouTube monetization and another detailing with the “health risks of anal sex.”
Other photos on the site show Aghdam posing with a rabbit, a chicken, and wearing a gown while standing in front of a (green-screen) lion. Another photo shows her wearing a camouflage-patterned unitard leaning over a table and eating an apple.
It’s no secret that Facebook, which both candidates leaned heavily on to get their message out there, played a pivotal role in the 2016 presidential election. Facebook has, for the most part, stayed silent on the issue, save for a few executives tweeting about it. Much of it is still inconclusive — the discussion is a tangled mess of advertising metrics, buzzwords, and graphs. Maybe Trump got more bang for his buck, maybe Clinton did, who is to say.
When we last checked in, Antonio García Martínez, a key architect of Facebook’s ad system, was talking about how Facebook’s system gave Trump better organic reach because it rewarded controversial provocations. Campaign staffers from both sides chimed in to agree on this point, while Facebook executives pushed back, arguing that Clinton might have paid less to reach more voters. One of the key distinctions is in the types of ad campaign each side was running: direct response (e.g., “please donate”) or brand (“please like this person”).
So now we know: Trump was focused on a direct-response campaign, and Clinton was running a brand campaign. A direct-response campaign typically charges a higher CPM, the cost of showing the ad to 1,000 people, than a brand campaign. So while Clinton might have paid a lower CPM, Trump got more bang for his buck.
In addition, the Trump campaign more heavily utilized look-alike audiences (audiences that match the qualities of people they have on file). Bloomberg reports that “according to the paper, more than a quarter of Trump’s ad spending was tied to third-party data files on voters, and leveraged a Facebook tool that helped the campaign show ads to people who looked similar to the names on file. Clinton’s ads aimed for broader audiences, with only 4 percent of her Facebook spend on the lookalike tool.”
An internal report viewed by Bloomberg notes that the Trump campaign was better at using Facebook, while also noting significantly different approaches.
Facebook announced some changes to data-privacy policies and its API on the platform on Wednesday afternoon. (It also announced that an estimated 87 million people, up from the original figure of 50 million, were breached in the Cambridge Analytica fiasco.) Not long after, Tinder users on Twitter started reporting that they’d been logged out of the app and were unable to log back into it. Instead, they found themselves trapped in a feedback loop between the two platforms.
“This was part of the changes that we announced today, and we are working with Tinder to address this issue,” a Facebook representative told Select All. In the meanwhile, maybe try sliding into some Twitter DMs? Seems like everybody who got booted from Tinder is there, complaining about Tinder, anyway.
As part of a calibrated trickle of disclosures over how Facebook mishandled use data and privacy permissions for years, Facebook announced a new round of changes to its platform, and a very unflattering statistic. “In total, we believe the Facebook information of up to 87 million people — mostly in the US — may have been improperly shared with Cambridge Analytica,” the company buried at the end of its latest blog post.
Anyway, 87 million Americans had their data scraped by a political-strategy firm, often without their knowledge, because around 270,000 people gave a developer access, and Facebook knew about it for years.
To cut down on misuse of Facebook’s data, the company is tightening developer restrictions on their API and what third parties can access, and they’re stepping up their review process for apps that developers integrate with Facebook. For instance, developers accessing a user’s Facebook events through the API will no longer be able to pull the entire guest list.
Have you ever signed in to a website using Facebook? There’s good news for you! For apps using Facebook’s log-in system, Facebook “will also no longer allow apps to ask for access to personal information such as religious or political views, relationship status and details, custom friends lists, education and work history, fitness activity, book reading activity, music listening activity, news reading, video watch activity, and games activity.” Hahaha. Did you know apps had these permissions, and isn’t it wild that they did? Well, it’s fixed now. I mean, all those sites you signed in to with Facebook might still have that data saved somewhere, and there’s no way of knowing if they kept it and sold it, but at least nobody else can do it now.
One of the biggest holes in its system, matching email addresses and phone numbers to user identities, is also being patched: “Malicious actors have also abused these features to scrape public profile information by submitting phone numbers or email addresses they already have through search and account recovery. Given the scale and sophistication of the activity we’ve seen, we believe most people on Facebook could have had their public profile scraped in this way. So we have now disabled this feature.”
As the old saying goes, “WhoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOps!”
Users were first asked to log in to Facebook and then asked to provide “additional Facebook permissions” to “create fuller profiles, verify authenticity and provide support.” Tapping “Ask me” on that permission request only sent users back to the original notification asking them to log in to Facebook.
Update, April 5, 2018, 8:35 a.m.: Tinder’s log-in problem was fixed later on Wednesday night. “A technical issue prevented some users from accessing our service earlier today. We found a resolution and quickly resumed service. We ask our users to ensure that they have updated the app and are running the most recent version,” a Tinder representative told Select All.
If you’ve been online this week, then you might have, at some point, come across a meme featuring two men yelling at each other before one of them throws a chair. So it goes. The meme comes from a scene of the show American Chopper, and the idea behind it is that it’s funny to watch two dudes — Paul Teutul Sr. and his son, Junior — get really heated about very specific stuff. Like Anakin Skywalker, for instance.
In fact, one of the most popular recent iterations of it, addressed just that.
Senior is not wrong! This meme is not optimized for the small screens of smartphones. It is very tall, and very dependent on lots of dialogue in a small font size. The reason for this is simple: the American Chopper meme is not a new meme. It is, in fact, a really old meme. The show went off the air in 2010, and the clip the meme comes from aired in a 2009 episode.
It’s difficult to pinpoint exactly what started the meme, but its most popular early iteration played on reader expectations by having Junior courteously offer to move a chair for his dad. Here’s an Imgur upload from 2012, but a quick Google reverse-image search shows this macro scattered around the web on defunct blogs and “pic dumps.”
The American Chopper meme is simply not designed for mobile phones. It hearkens back to a time not so long ago when memes were sloppy, unwieldy, and arguably more complex — and primarily viewed on a desktop monitor. The best version of it is intricate and referential, and most importantly, presents two compelling sides to an argument (or at least, two widely held stances). There are plenty of comparative memes with one right choice and one wrong choice; this one is something different, often operating in the gray.
On both a technical level and on a conceptual one, the American Chopper meme asks more of the viewer than the brief flicker of recognition that most social-network-optimized memes request. You have to spend more time getting it into a legible state, and then follow through five panels of argument. The barrier to entry is high(er), but the payoff is worth it.
Could you read all of that easily on your smartphone? There’s a pretty good chance that you couldn’t. You had to click and pinch and zoom, in order to get the thrust of the joke. What sets the American Chopper meme apart — particularly in 2018 — is its physical structure. There’s no other way to put this: This is a tall meme.
This week, across Twitter, an effervescent meme has sprung up all over again, though it can be a little tough to decipher. So we’ll explain it.
One side effect of Twitter upping its character count from 140 to 280 is that it’s given people a lot more room to play around with pictographs and ASCII art. That’s how you end up with really popular tweets like this:
It doesn’t make much sense in it’s embedded form, because embedded tweets are flipped — the text follows the image or video. Here is how it would appear in your feed, if you were just scrolling through Twitter.
Oh no! How unfortunate for Piccolo, punched clean through with such force.
So the stars and sparkles are just a visual effect of text bleeding into an image, fracturing the boundary between mediums as you scroll through your feed. It’s not just used for acts of violence, here’s a bird shredding it up.
It could also be used for the context of downward motion, like if you were sprinkling or pouring something. Like this…
Okay, does this make sense now? I’ll fully admit I was sort of baffled by the sparkles until I did some digging, because different Twitter clients display tweets in different ways, and the tweet doesn’t make sense unless the text and image line up in a certain way. And sometimes the sparkles are falling and sometimes they’re going up and sometimes it’s violent and sometimes it’s sweet? It’s kinda all over the place. But it’s nice and people are just throwing the sparkles on top of things they like and that’s always fun.
This week has been approximately 8 zillion memes long. The sparkles. The American Chopper screen caps. The puffy-cheeked SpongeBobs. And the “If you don’t love me at my … then you don’t deserve me at my” meme. If you’re not familiar, the concept is simple. On the left is the “If you don’t love me at my” image where the subject looks, well, probably not so good. On the right goes the “Then you don’t deserve me at my” image, where the subject is glowed-up and looking their best. It’s funny. Plus, if you meme yourself and not a celebrity, it’s a great way to humblebrag about just how hot you’ve gotten since the photo on the left was taken.
Still, as with all good memes, it seems this one has come to its inevitable end. On Friday, Mindy Kaling offered her thoughts on a version of the meme featuring herself. On the left is a picture of her as Kelly on The Office and on the right is Kaling on a red carpet. “I don’t get this, I’m equally pretty in both,” Kaling tweeted.
If you’ve downloaded the giant file of all the data Facebook has on you, you know that includes every embarrassing message you’ve ever sent. You can delete them, sure … but that won’t delete them from the recipient’s data file. That is, unless you are Mark Zuckerberg. Several sources told TechCrunch that messages from Zuckerberg had vanished from their in-boxes.
“After Sony Pictures’ emails were hacked in 2014 we made a number of changes to protect our executives’ communications. These included limiting the retention period for Mark’s messages in Messenger,” a Facebook representative said. “We did so in full compliance with our legal obligations to preserve messages.” Unlike Zuck, the average Facebook user does not have a limited retention period for their messages. Meaning, if you sent it on Facebook at anytime since you joined, the person you sent it to still has a copy. Facebook, as noted by TechCrunch, didn’t actually notify users that Zuckerberg’s messages were being deleted from their in-boxes.
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Sheryl Sandberg told the Financial Times that it was “a mistake” that she and Zuckerberg waited so long to speak publicly after the Cambridge Analytica news broke last month. “It is on us that we didn’t go back and do a forensic audit [of Cambridge Analytica]. We are now trying to do that,” Sandberg also said. In an interview with Today, Sandberg said there is currently no way for a user to entirely opt out of having Facebook collect and sell their data. “That would be a paid product,” she said. At this point, it sounds like a product people might actually be willing to pay for.
It took just minutes for the first photograph to go viral. Tumblr pages with his likeness appeared out of nowhere; forums on the fringes of the dark web sprang to life; and investigators, desperately trying to vacuum up the totality of school shooter Nikolas Cruz’s presence online, found themselves face-to-face with literally hundreds of his avatars — some grinning with giant ears at right angles, others of a menacing presence with guns and body armor. “I have to tell you, it was just unreal going through these websites,” one law-enforcement official close to the investigation told me. “Seeing all the screenshots of Cruz with people claiming to be him — like they wanted to be him, like they were proud of him — it was …” he searched for the word … “freaky.”
The concern is that these online groups ended up normalizing violence, as they connect kids in ways that previously wouldn’t have been possible. Peter Langman, an expert who has written extensively on school shooters, says that these forums or chat groups give young people a virtual peer group and could unwittingly reinforce delusions of grandeur that could set kids on a path to violence.
“I find myself interested in Nikolas’s case because it happened during my time,” said Laura, a 17-year-old Minnesotan and freshly minted Cruzer. She runs Tumblr’s Nik-Cruz blog and says she probably spends several hours a day responding to messages, blogging, and reposting details about the investigation. Laura, who, like Cruz, lost her mother when she was young, makes clear that while she thinks what Cruz did was wrong, she can “imagine what he must’ve been dealing with mentally.”
“The system let Nik down,” she says, before providing details about his life that she says she picked up on blogs in the weeks after the shooting. “He tried to kill himself by ingesting gasoline, slit his wrists on the internet; I feel bad that people ignored his pain for so long,” she added. “He’s not a symbol of anything. He’s not a god. He’s just a person that the system failed. I think he represents what happens when warning signs are ignored and left to be bottled up.”
School-shooter sites aren’t a new social-media phenomenon: Before there were Cruzers, there were “Columbiners,” people who believe that the two students behind the 1999 Columbine High School shooting, Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris, were bullied outcasts who stood up for something and won. We know now that is a completely false narrative: Klebold was suicidal; Harris had mental-health issues; and neither of them had been particularly bullied. Even so, the revenge story line has taken on a life of its own — it is a version of events many kids identify with. I’ve talked to dozens of Columbiners as part of the research I did for my podcast, What Were You Thinking, which looks at the adolescent decision-making process, and it is clear that Columbine’s “revenge of the nerds” plot line still resonates. What’s more, many of the Cruzers I spoke with knew quite a bit about Columbine, too.
“From the information currently available, I believe that Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris were very different to Nikolas Cruz,” Tyler, an 18-year-old U.K. blogger, told me. He runs a Columbine blog on Tumblr with several thousand followers and launched “nikolas-cruz” on Tumblr shortly after the Parkland shooting. As he sees it, the Columbine killers “definitely had an agenda with their attack; they wanted people to listen to what they thought. Nikolas Cruz doesn’t seem to have the same urgency to spread what he thinks. He has kept extremely quiet about why it was committed, and if he had an agenda, I think he would have said something by now.”
Tyler said the blogs provide a sense of community that some people might not otherwise have in their lives. “Many of the followers have strong political views on things like the death penalty and the American judicial system, as well as the police in the USA,” he said. “You get the people who have legitimate reasons for their blogs, such as they might be studying psychology or criminology or something along those lines. There are also some teenagers who seem to have mental-health issues who see themselves reflected in the perpetrators, or people who simply want to have an outlet for their morbid curiosity, and there are people who just want to seem ‘edgy.’”
Two Finnish cultural anthropologists, Jenni Raitanen and Atte Oksanen, interviewed several dozen people who claimed to have a “deep interest” in school shootings for a research paper they released earlier this year (a month before the Parkland shooting). What they discovered behind screen names like “Rebby” and “Vodka” (nicknames the Columbine shooters had for themselves) was a strange mix of people, from prurient researchers to fangirls to young people with an encyclopedic knowledge about Columbine and copycats, people who clearly wish to commit a shooting of their own.
It’s the undeniable presence of these kinds of kids that explains why FBI investigators monitor some of these sites (they asked that I not name them specifically) and why, in the last several weeks, they have been looking for evidence that Nikolas Cruz was in them, too.
The “tip” came from a couple of friends of Cossey who, in a kind of see-something-say-something episode, told police that Cossey had asked them to help him attack a school. A search of Cossey’s bedroom led to the discovery of troubling evidence: air rifles, a .22, some fireworks, The Anarchist’s Cookbook, and unsettling journal writings. By 11 p.m., Cossey was in handcuffs in the back of a squad car, and he says quietly, “That was the last time I was home for a while.”
I met one of those people the FBI had been worried about, Dillon Cossey, last spring near his house in rural Pennsylvania. He became famous, if you could call it that, back in 2007 when he was 14 and two police officers and a detective showed up on the doorstep of his family’s house. “They ask us all to sit down,” Cossey told me, “and that’s when the detective says that they received a call that I was preparing to attack Plymouth-Whitemarsh High School.”
To hear Cossey tell it, there was never a specific plot, and he doesn’t believe he would have carried out an attack. He does concede, however, that he fantasized about acts of violence, and a lot of that fantasizing took place in a Columbine tribute site whose content bore a striking resemblance to some of the online postings seen from the Cruzer sites now.
One of the people Cossey met online was an 18-year-old from Finland who went by the screen name “Natural Selection.” His real name was Pekka-Eric Auvinen. “He spoke English and he had a lot in common with me,” Cossey said. “I wouldn’t have said we were close friends, but we did talk probably a couple of times a week on Instant Messenger.”
In November 2007, Auvinen opened fire inside Jokela High School, selecting his victims randomly. He killed six fellow students, the school nurse, and the principal before he turned the gun on himself. He had posted a video about the massacre on YouTube shortly before it happened.
What they talked about, mostly, were Columbine videos, something that had become a bit of a hobby for Auvinen. He’d take video clips he found of the Columbine shooters, Klebold and Harris, and essentially create a mixtape and video of them — GIFs before GIFs actually existed. He’d ask Cossey to review his handiwork before he posted them. “I’d give him editing tips.”
“There are definitely people [on my blogs] who worry me,” Tyler, the 18-year-old U.K. blogger told me. “I usually try to talk to them first and see what’s wrong, and if they continue to worry me, I report them. There was a blog run by a minor who I have talked to a few times on my other account. He struggles with mental-health issues and has threaten things before. I have reported him and the situation was dealt with. He didn’t talk to me after that.”
Investigators will tell you that Nikolas Cruz had been talking about school shootings in one way or another for more than a year. Was Cruz a regular in the shooter subculture? So far, they haven’t found much evidence to support that. It is just as possible, they say, that Cruz was a depressed kid who began focusing so much on school shootings that the idea took on a life of its own and dragged him along. They still don’t have a motive.
Tyler also had a connection to James Gamble, a kid in Halifax, Canada, who seemed to be obsessed with death, true crime, heavy-metal music, and Nazi imagery. James Gamble allegedly planned a mass shooting at a Halifax shopping mall with two other people he had met on a Tumblr website back in 2015. Police were able to intercept them before they were able to act on their plan. Gamble ended up dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound a day before the massacre was set to take place. Tyler and Gamble had talked online. “It definitely felt like I should have seen something more, like I should have known, should have helped,” Tyler said.
What all these incidents have in common is that someone, somewhere, says they should have seen the signs. Perhaps no one thinks about this more than Sue Klebold, Dylan Klebold’s mother. I sat down with her a couple of months ago in Denver. As a general matter, she avoids websites that talk about Dylan or her family, but she’s aware that these Columbine tribute sites exist. “The fact that Dylan and Eric have an online following is very frightening and very sad,” she told me. “It is very frightening because there are so many individuals who identify with what they did, and very sad because people feel disconnected and disenfranchised and this has become symbolic for people who feel left out, alone, vengeful, angry, and hurt. I think it’s sad that people make heroes out of disturbed kids.”
“Personally, I think it thrives on the internet because it is such a taboo topic to bring up around people in real life, and you’re never sure what people’s responses will be,” Tyler said. “The internet gives a barrier.”
“Everyone on there, at least that I talked to, was just there venting about how alone they felt,” Cossey told me. “There was a surprising amount of support in a community that would normally be associated with an act of violence, and they would often come back to the point of saying, well, the Columbine shooter, they understood … they knew what you were going through.”
While we’ve been marveling at how Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students have used social media to push for change in our gun laws, a little-noticed subculture called “Cruzers” or the “Niko Community” has grown up alongside them. They have created hundreds of blogs, private servers, and chat rooms where kids can get together and talk about their latest obsession: 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz. A quick search of Tumblr or the voice app Discord reveals Cruz-inspired GIFs, photo collages of his face with animated hearts, and discussion groups that dissect the latest details of the investigation (with a decidedly Cruz-ian spin).
Dina Temple-Raston is the executive producer and host of What Were You Thinking, a podcast from Audible that focuses on brain development and the adolescent decision-making process. An episode on school shooters is available at Audible.com/adolescentbrain and has been available on iTunes since the end of March.
Do you remember that one episode of every sitcom, where a person is going on a date with someone they desperately want to impress and uses an earpiece with a more suave, more intelligent friend on the other end to figure out what to say to the person? That episode where everything goes horribly wrong on the date and the person wearing the earpiece learns that they should have just been themselves, and if their date didn’t like them back, that was their loss?
Researchers at MIT’s media lab say no, you should always know what to say. However, instead of an actual friend on the line, your new friend is Siri!
With that 92 percent transcription rate comes the obvious question of, where are those transcriptions stored? Who gets to keep them? As tech companies grapple with the effects of saving and selling user data, many are choosing to delete Facebook and limit how much information these companies know about them. It’s not likely that technology like AlterEgo would help with that.
But the researchers are refining the goal of the device: It’s not about talking to yourself through a robot. It’s about talking to the robot. And then having the robot tell you what to do.
Essentially, instead of that not-actually-awkward moment where you have to look at your phone to find out when Drake’s birthday is, the lab is figuring out how to hook your brain up with AI assistants like Alexa or Siri, and have them tell you that it’s October 24, 1986, while you simultaneously miss whatever the person across from you is saying (though they think you won’t). You can also fact-check what your date is saying, while they’re saying it (à la MTV’s Exposed), a surefire way to get them to hate you. You can totally check out of your conversation and have Alexa read you a story about microplastics in our agriculture, in that soothing voice of hers. Of course, with an enormous device strapped to your face.
A Georgia Tech computing professor told The Guardian that it’s great for noisy environments “like the flight deck of an aircraft carrier, or even places with a lot of machinery, like a power plant or a printing press,” where you definitely need to talk to Alexa and not your co-workers. Unless the researchers are going to make it so that you can communicate your brain thoughts with each other, which sounds great at first until you realize that you might accidentally think something mean about that co-worker you hate — and they’ll hear it. Or that co-worker who’s creeping on you will think something gross at you, though with the device’s 92 percent transcription accuracy rate, then you can report it to HR.
It sounds kind of redundant, seeing as though we already hear our own thoughts in our own heads. People with anxiety, for example, have their own thoughts ricocheting around in there demanding attention all the time. I, for example, heard myself this morning saying an extremely rude thing about a man who gave me the stink eye when my umbrella poked him in the back of his head, sans device. Not my fault it’s raining, sir.
Enter AlterEgo, an extremely ostentatious device that you can hook onto half of your face, with some electrodes stuck to your chin, that can transcribe what you’re thinking inside your brain, and feed it back to you in your own ear.
And there you have it, folks. The death of a meme.
Update, April 6, 2018, 5:01 p.m.: Facebook announced later on Friday that it will begin letting all users permanently delete sent messages — meaning messages will vanish from a recipient’s in-box — in the future. Until that feature is widely available, the company will not allow Mark Zuckerberg to delete anymore of his old messages. “We have discussed this feature several times. And people using our secret message feature in the encrypted version of Messenger have the ability to set a timer — and have their messages automatically deleted. We will now be making a broader delete message feature available. This may take some time. And until this feature is ready, we will no longer be deleting any executives’ messages. We should have done this sooner — and we’re sorry that we did not”.
More than 20 consumer advocacy groups have joined forces against YouTube. The Google-owned platform is, according to those groups, violating children’s privacy law by collecting data from users younger than 13. The coalition filed a complaint to the Federal Trade Commission on Monday, the New York Times reports.
While YouTube technically has a different platform, YouTube Kids, engineered for younger users, the problem is that many kids are using YouTube’s general platform. While technically YouTube’s terms of service dictate you must be 13 to use it, many kids — and their parents — ignore this. Which means, as Monday’s complaint argues, the data collected can include things like locations and phone numbers. The data can also be used to see what else an underage user is doing only to better target ads to them. This requires parental consent under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. Something which, right now, the consumer group coalition says YouTube isn’t getting before harvesting said data.
The FTC said they had not received the formal complaint yet but planned to take it “very seriously.” “We will read the complaint thoroughly and evaluate if there are things we can do to improve,” a YouTube spokesperson told the Times. “Because YouTube is not for children, we’ve invested significantly in the creation of the YouTube Kids app to offer an alternative specifically designed for children.” YouTube has also not yet received the complaint.
A quick question from social-media superstar Kim Kardashian West:
The reason for this is because of lossy compression. Compression is that act of taking a file, and making it smaller. In lossless compression, the file is made smaller without reducing the quality of the media (there are various ways of doing this through technical wizardry that I won’t get into here). Lossy compression is essentially a compromise — that a slight dip in file quality is worth the smaller digital footprint.
The calculation that social-media platforms make is simple: If the files they are serving up to users are smaller, they will use less bandwidth, and that will keep costs down.
Great question! Kim is referring to the noticeable dip in video fidelity that happens when you upload a video file to a social-media platform like Facebook or Twitter. Videos often look, let’s say, muddier; less clear than the same video looks when playing the file on your phone.
Obviously, smaller files download faster. The faster a service can serve media up to a user, the longer it can keep that user hooked. Even a couple of extra seconds of load time could make a user exit and head elsewhere online. Load times really matter, and platforms have determined that people are more likely to stick around if even low-quality video is already playing.
And last but not least, there’s the freebooting issue. Freebooting is when someone rips a video and reuploads it themselves, and it’s a vital (and problematic) part of how digital content travels around the web. This leads to a cycle of video, image, and audio files getting compressed not just once, but multiple times. It’s the digital equivalent of copying a VHS so many times that it’s barely watchable.
Compression is the main reason, but there are a couple others. For instance, a slower data connection might result in lower video quality. Most video platforms calculate your data speeds and adjust video quality on the fly. As such, you’ll usually get better video quality over Wi-Fi than you would over a mobile data connection like 4G, the former is usually faster than the latter. The video saved on your phone is stored locally — there’s no need to download anything — but the video you see on social media is streaming from a remote server, and thus, getting shoved through a metaphorical funnel.
Combine all of these aspects, and you get video that looks like crap.
Tomorrow and on Wednesday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg will finally appear before Congress to answer questions about user privacy, data exchange and what the site is doing to help fight misinformation and election tampering as it serves more than a quarter of the world’s users every month.
What’s this whole thing about? Russia? Trump? Cambridge Analytica? Fake news? The Trump campaign using Russia and Cambridge Analytica to spread fake news? Part of the difficulty in mapping out this scandal is that Facebook has been accumulating scandals for something close to a decade and quibbled about the semantics and specifics of its business. Put simply, tomorrow’s hearings are probably going to be a complete mess; a combination of political bluster, a lack of technical knowledge, and technological pedantry.
You can read Zuckerberg’s planned testimony here, but we’ll also lay it out for you. Here is what, potentially, might come up.
This is the precipitating event. The rundown is this: years ago, Facebook allowed users to link their account to third-party apps, and those apps were then able to use that access to collect a lot of data on users. They collected data not just on the users who voluntarily connected to the apps, but also that user’s friends. In other words, Facebook allowed users to share information about their friends, even if those friends didn’t consent.
In 2013, a researcher named Aleksandr Kogan made an app that 300,000 people linked their Facebook accounts to, and through this, Kogan’s app was able to get the information on roughly 50 million people. That is, the 300,000 app users and each user’s friends. That data was then sold (illicitly) to Cambridge Analytica, according to Christopher Wylie, a whistleblower who worked for the political consulting firm. Cambridge Analytica, according to themselves, specializes in using this data to build “psychographic” profiles that influence potential voters.
Before anything else, it’s important to understand how Facebook’s business works. Facebook collects a ton of info about its users — not only what users explicitly provide, but also web browsing behavior — and then places users in categories based on that data. Advertisers can then specify what categories they want to advertise to, and Facebook acts as a middleman. If an advertiser wanted to reach “New Yorkers in their 20s who like Rock music,” Facebook could likely do that. Facebook does not sell this data to advertisers, it offers advertisers the ability to put that data to use. This is an important technical distinction that Facebook has been stressing a lot in the past month.
According to his statement to Congress, Zuckerberg will be apologetic about the lax practices that led to the current state of affairs. Throughout this whole scandal, however, he has not indicated any willingness to collect less data on Facebook users. He still believes that Facebook is a responsible data holder. Expect some pushback on that point.
The Russia situation is also going to confuse the Cambridge Analytica issue. A representative from Facebook has already appeared before Congress regarding the Russian online influence campaign, and it’s mostly separate from the Cambridge Analytica scandal, but that probably won’t stop someone from bringing it up with Zuckerberg.
The important thing to know about Cambridge Analytica is that it receives a lot of its funding from Robert Mercer, a right-wing billionaire whose fortune also funds Breitbart News. As a prerequisite for receiving Mercer funding, many conservative candidates had to contract Cambridge Analytica. Among the candidates using the firm’s services was Donald Trump.
Zuckerberg has already announced changes to Facebook’s political ad policy. Advertisers are now required to authenticate their identity, and users will be shown information about who paid for an ad in their feed, and what the targeting criteria was. Political ads will also be publicly available for anyone to review, not just whoever is targeted. These changes are in line with possible Congressional regulation on the issue, and would bring online ads mostly in line with the transparency regulations governing radio and television.
For congressmen and women opposed to Trump, it would be politically expedient to draw a line between Facebook offering easy access to user data to Trump’s win in 2016. Whether Cambridge Analytica actually had an effect on the election is very much an open question, but what is indisputable is the fact that Facebook estimates that the firm at one point had the personal information of 87 million Americans. And the firm was able to obtain that data because Facebook left the door wide open.
All three of these issues are interwoven, and can be weaponized on either side of the aisle. For Republicans, Facebook has long faced accusation of being a liberal platform that suppresses conservative views. For Democrats, Facebook can be framed as a company willing to sacrifice user safety and election integrity in exchange for advertisers dollars. The only thing that can be safely assumed is that neither side likes Mark Zuckerberg or his company, and that’s a dangerous place for the social network to be in.
I mean, who even knows. Someone will probably try to yell at Zuckerberg about “fake news” and cloud this whole issue even further. Zuckerberg will stress that Facebook is getting even better at using artificial intelligence to spot “inauthentic” users and fake news, but probably won’t get any more specific — and given the technical knowledge of this Congress, can you blame him? He will also probably reiterate Facebook’s just-announced data-sharing program with researchers from various academic institutions.
One of the many problems with fake news and Russian trolls is that the trolls were not sharing things any different from what partisan groups were sharing. Posts about gun rights, and Black Lives Matter, and immigration and so on. To draw a line would be to take a stronger stance on moderating speech, something Facebook does not want to do.
Then Facebook came along, and it had this ability to personalize for every single user. Instead of being a broadcast model, it was now 2.1 billion individualized channels. It was the most effective product ever created to revolve around human emotions. They’re tracking you everywhere on their site, and what are you doing on their site? You start out by sharing things that reveal your emotional hot buttons. They simply built a business model around that combination of a high degree of personalization and knowledge of people’s hot buttons.
In 2008, when they put their first app on the iPhone, the whole ballgame changed. Suddenly Bernays’s dream of the universal platform reaching everybody through every medium at the same time was achieved by a single device. You marry the social triggers to personalized content on a device that most people check on their way to pee in the morning and as the last thing they do before they turn the light out at night. You literally have a persuasion engine unlike any created in history.
If you go back to the old adage from tabloid newspapers — “If it bleeds, it leads” — if you apply that to the highly personalized narrow-cast model of the emotional social network, you basically are driven to the outrage cycle at a personalized level. They’re basically trying to trigger fear and anger to get the outrage cycle going, because outrage is what makes you be more deeply engaged. You spend more time on the site and you share more stuff. Therefore, you’re going to be exposed to more ads and that makes you more valuable.
That was a very interesting thing, because network television did create a filter bubble. It was a broadcast filter bubble. In a sense, it created a common set of facts and it brought the country together. In fact, the criticism of the time was that it bred conformity, right? It wasn’t like it was doing anything actually harmful, it was just kind of making everybody the same. If you imagine the concept that people in advertising and the folks who created the media that supported them, they’re in the persuasion business. They’re trying to implant an idea in people’s heads and have it become a habit.
We’re now sort of getting into a place where we’re able to have conversations about harm. You have shareholder action against Apple.Do you know the guys who are doing the shareholder action against Apple?
If you parse what Unilever said about Facebook, when they threatened to pull their ads, their message was, “Guys, your platform’s too good. You’re basically harming our customers. Because you’re manipulating what they think. And more importantly, you’re manipulating what they feel. You’re causing so much outrage that they become addicted to outrage.” The dopamine you get from outrage is just so addictive.
Not personally, no.I reached out to them because I thought it was epic. I started three funds that were kind of first of their type. I thought this was the single best piece of fund marketing that I’ve ever witnessed. And, I’ve done some pretty clever fund marketing in my day. These guys just completely waxed me. It was the coolest thing I ever saw. I sought them out because it was so fucking genius. Going after Apple is brilliant because with Apple they got somebody who’s already going to do everything they want so they get to take credit. Everything Apple does, they get to take credit for from now on. Apple’s gonna do it because that’s their culture. Facebook’s not going to do anything.
How does the burgeoning group of — you might call them tech dissidents and activists, and politicians who care about this, do anything?This is why I have to cry myself to sleep at night. You think I’m being funny? I mean, if you care about democracy, the only thing that could be done between now and the election requires the support of Facebook. And we’re not getting that.
The problem with this whole thing is that it can only be fixed from within on a time frame of, say, less than five to ten years. If you can’t convince Mark and Sheryl, then you have to convince the employees. Historically there have been two ways that you made changes in employees. One approach, which has never been tested in the tech world, is what I would characterize as the Ellsberg Strategy: Somebody says, “Oh my God, something horrible is going on here,” and that external pressure forces a change. That’s the only way you have a snowball’s chance in hell of triggering what would actually be required to fix things and make it work.
How do you think that changes? Is it just sustained public outrage?For three months, starting in October 2016, I appealed to Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg directly. I did it really politely. I didn’t talk to anybody outside Facebook. I did it as a friend of the firm. I said, “Guys, I think this election manipulation has all the makings of a crisis, and I think you need to get on top of it. You need to do forensics and you need to determine what if any role you played. You need to make really substantive changes to your business model and your algorithms so the people know it’s not going to happen again. If you don’t do that, and it turns out you’ve had a large impact on the election, your brand is hosed.”
Well, then they don’t have to, because Mark Zuckerberg holds all the cards.Well, until the business melts down. Let’s watch usage, pal. Okay? Let’s watch usage in North America and Europe. I mean this is a completely unnecessary self-inflicted crisis.
The second option is the Susan Fowler model, which I think has been done as recently as a year ago incredibly effectively. Somebody within the employee base decides that this is a crisis and takes the lead on informing everybody else.
We’re trying to figure out a legal strategy for the folks who come out of Facebook and other companies who want to talk about stuff. Do you know how the nondisclosure agreements work? You understand that they can be pierced by a criminal situation? I mean not criminal in the sense of gangster. Criminal in the sense of aiding and abetting a foreign country and interfering in our election system, right?
If you think about that as a public health problem there’s a couple aspects to it. One is that when they’re in that outrage cycle they really are easily manipulated. You saw this with all of the unwitting people who supported the Russians. They get those people in these groups and once they’re in that, they’re relatively easy to manipulate.
What would you say are the most sort of critical things that need to happen if there’s going to be real change on this?So Tristan’s view from the beginning was that it begins with public health. Which is to say the filter bubbles and brain hacking. You’ve got this notion of the filter bubble as a core issue in that you can create this situation where people believe that everyone agrees with them. When they’re in that mode, right, where everyone has their own information, their own facts, right? Their own worldview, it’s really hard at that point for any nonconfirming evidence to get through even if it’s manifestly true. I mean it’s a really brutal situation.
The second problem is the issue with kids, right? Where screen time is affecting child development in a lot of different ways. Kids who are under 8, the issue is that you’re basically giving them this dopamine addiction that makes it very hard for the real world to be thrilling enough so their attention span gets shorter. Importantly, for the really, little ones, if they’re 2 years old they’re supposed to be running around learning the world, right, by breaking stuff. You put them in front of a screen for a couple of hours and you’re arresting that whole cycle.
It’s really fucked-up. I look at that and I just go, that public health thing, which is where Tristan and I started, that’s the core of the whole thing. If once you accept that there is a public health problem then you ask the question, “Well, what are some of the ways that manifests itself?” One way it manifests itself is election interference.
On the kids thing, for example, it’s Snapchat. It’s Instagram. It’s YouTube Kids, and it’s Messenger for Kids. I can’t think of one good reason for that product to exist. I mean, it’s essentially toxic. I mean, for really little kids, why do you want to give them messaging? What is that all about?
Small-business creation is at a 40-year low.Right. That’s right. It’s had a bunch of parabolic declines but one of them is the one that’s gone on for the last seven or eight years. They’re other factors, right? Big-box retail’s a huge factor.
Anyway, if you look at those things, there are people who care about public health. There are people who really care about the elections stuff. There are people who care about competitiveness and new business formation. There’re different solutions in all three areas. And different offenders, right?
There’s just no fucking excuse for that. That’s all there because it’s good for their business model. I’m sorry, but that’s not a good enough excuse. There’s a million other things, Noah. We could talk about this until we’re blue in the face some other time when you have time.
On the public health thing, there’s people all over the place who are worried about that. I mean Tristan and I have both been on with Tucker Carlson on Fox News. Tucker, who honest to God I don’t think he agrees with me on anything politically; he’s completely aligned with us on this issue.
What’s really interesting is that none of those issues is inherently a partisan issue. There should be, even if you like the outcome in 2016 you’re going to hate the outcome in 2018 and 2020 because everybody and their grandmother is going to be doing the Russian playbook. They’re all going to do it under the false name of Igor so it gets blamed on the Russians. So there are Republicans who are very concerned about that now.
Then when they become older, body-shaming kicks in. Fear of missing out kicks in during the teenage years. You’ve basically got an entire generation of lonely, depressed kids who are being bullied online by tools that are really powerful. Then when you get to adults, the bullying becomes really intense. You wind up having these situations where bad guys are able to use trolls, bots, and groups to essentially have the power of more than one voice per person. People are constantly being harassed on these things, right? I mean go into a group and post a comment that the group doesn’t agree with and watch what happens.
When we’re looking at stuff like the issues of corporate opportunity and entrepreneurship, I mean there’re people all over the Senate side of the Judiciary committee, the Republican side of the Senate Judiciary committee, who are deeply concerned about what’s going on and the harm being done. I look at this and all those things give me hope. I mean, I’m terrified about the election stuff. I’m terrified because without the help of the platforms, especially Facebook, it’s going to be really hard to prevent this stuff. The thing I’m telling everybody is if you want to prevent election interference in 2018 and 2020 the best thing we can do is set records for turnout. If everybody votes, we will dilute the interference dramatically, because the goal of it is to activate one side and then suppress the vote everywhere else. You really want to activate the minority and suppress the majority. If everybody votes that gets neutralized.
So, I played a pretty direct role in leading the design of the product there, and was very fortunate to have worked, not only with some exceptional colleagues there, but, obviously, really closely with today’s leadership team, Mark Zuckerberg and Chris Cox and a couple of the other folks that are Facebook execs that are currently overseeing it. The other thing that I did there was I was responsible for helping grow that organization. By the time I left Facebook we had about 40-some-odd product designers, some really exceptional folks.
I think that the thing that has always been true of Facebook, from my perspective, since the early days, is that Facebook was really motivated to build what it viewed as the universal product, meaning a product that spoke to a very core human motivation to exchange information, to communicate, to share meaningful moments, and to interact with the people you were closest with. And Facebook always felt, from the get-go, that this was not a product that was targeted to Americans, or to millennials, or to a specific demographic, that it was fundamentally a universal product.
So, it seems like you made the bold case for making Facebook as universal a product as possible and for designing it to be used by as many people as possible. Does that like to make it as accessible as probably speaking, is that a fair characterization?That is a fair characterization and it was explicit product-design principle to create products and features that had universal appeal.
I think what its critics point out is that it’s possible for Facebook to earnestly believe in connecting the world, expanding Facebook for everyone, creating a tool that connects people and can link them [to] one people across great distances or even close together, much more easily, but that simultaneously, that this is an incredibly lucrative business. And it seems, now, that there are some consequences to connecting everybody. I’m kind of curious to how you view holding those two ideas. It seems like those two ideas are in tension, now. How does Facebook reconcile that tension? And, if you can think of a moment in the time you were there in which that exact tension was something you had to deal with, I’d be very curious to hear about it. I can sort of speak to two things. There’s the core motivation of the leadership team there, which I feel as though many critics are not privy to. The critics seem to pause at that, the strong profit motive is what’s driving all this. And I can rest assured that that is not the motive for the early leadership team at Facebook.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is testifying in front of Congress this week. To accompany the testimony, Select All is publishing transcripts of interviews with four ex-Facebook employees and one former investor, conducted as part of a wider project on the crisis within the tech industry that will be published later this week. These interviews include:
What are the consequences of such a vulnerability?One of the examples I cited in the New York Times op-ed that I wrote is there was a developer, who had access to Facebook’s data, who was accused of creating profiles of children without those children’s consent. The accusation was that this developer, which had access to Facebook’s developer APIs, was getting data about people’s friends and using that friend data to create profiles of people without their consent, including children. The problem was, when we heard about these reports and we contacted the developer, we had no way of proving whether that had actually happened or not because we had no visibility into the data once it left Facebook’s servers. They then had the data and they could manipulate it however they wanted to. So Facebook had policies against things like this, but it gave us no ability to see what developers were actually doing.
It seems like this is kind of a dynamic that you see elsewhere in Facebook. There’s a set of guidelines but the fundamentally open nature of the platform and Facebook’s reluctance to regulate it means that it’s creating systems that sometimes fail. Content review being one example.That’s exactly right.
You drew up a map of vulnerabilities on Facebook for other executives in 2012, but nothing substantial came of it.I drew up the PowerPoint deck, and in the PowerPoint deck I included a map of data vulnerabilities. It was specifically the Facebook platform, but the Facebook platform allowed developers to access a huge amount of Facebook’s data. That was one of the biggest vulnerabilities the company had.
Could you explain how that reverberates throughout Facebook?I think there are two big problems. One is one of design and one is one of liability. In terms of design, they have intentionally built — and this is not just Facebook, this is Twitter, this is other similar companies, too — systems that are designed to enable them to grow users and collect data as fast as possible. They have not prioritized features that would protect people against the most malicious cases of abuse. The reason it’s built that way is because the stock market measures them based on revenue and user growth, so they literally take the metrics the stock market is going to measure them against and they say, “Well, what are the features that will move these metrics the fastest?” They build those features. As it gets to bigger and bigger scale, you start getting more and more of these malicious cases, but they haven’t prioritized either the systems or the process to protect people against those malicious abuse cases to the extent that they should.
The second reason why this is such a huge problem is they have no liability when something goes wrong. Rule 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 effectively shields internet companies from the actions of third parties on their platforms.
What would they need to do to change?They’re going to have to change their business model quite dramatically. They say they want to make time well spent the focus of their product, but they have no incentive to do that, nor have they created a metric by which they would measure that. If you can imagine a world where Facebook charged a subscription instead of relying on advertising, then people would use it less and Facebook would still make money. It would be equally profitable, and more beneficial to society.
Looking back at the history of Facebook, do you think that there is a moment when the company could have made a different decision or a different set of decisions and gone down a different path than the one it’s on today?I don’t think that moment has passed. I think frankly they could still fundamentally change.
Do you think that there’s something there? I mean, do you think that that applies to Facebook senior leadership?They don’t want more regulation. There’s no doubt about that. The question is not what do they want. The question is, through a combination of government pressure, user pressure, and advertiser pressure, where do we end up? The reality is that on the advertiser side, we’ve already seen one major advertiser come out and demand that they do a better job of dealing with these issues, which was Unilever. I suspect there will be advertisers. There’s also been calls from advertisers to form some kind of an independent organization to deal with this set of issues. On the government side, we are just starting to see the first wave of laws, both in Congress and at the state level, and there will be certainly more in Europe that address all this stuff. I suspect that these laws will get more and more aggressive. Finally, on the user side, people are using Facebook less. They saw a decrease in users in the U.S. for the very first time in Q4 of last year. We may see an even greater decline in Q1.
Do you see yourself as part of a political movement? I’m interested in understanding — is there a movement? What is that movement, and what are the goals?I think one of the main problems with the duopoly that we have with Facebook and Google is that it prevents the kind of innovation and entrepreneurial success that we have traditionally seen in Silicon Valley. I think people here are finally starting to wake up to the fact that there are huge dead zones around both Facebook and Google where start-ups should not tread because they can’t compete. That aspect of this runs very counter to the ethos of Silicon Valley.That is the opportunity for a case to be made. I would argue that I don’t know that that is a widely understood fact yet, but I think that it will be widely understood relatively soon. I think the anti-monopolists, which I would count myself as one, are now in a very strong position to make that case.
I’m not asking for like a point-by-point plan as to how you would get there, but I am curious about figuring out, how does one address that?There is surprisingly less resistance to the idea that this is a huge problem that requires more regulation than you would think, both in Washington and definitely in Europe at the moment.
What about Silicon Valley?I’ve read a poll of the subscribers of [tech-industry news site] the Information and something like 70 percent of the respondents said that they want more regulation of Silicon Valley companies. These are Silicon Valley people, two-thirds of them saying we want more regulation.
Okay. It seems the core of your concern with Facebook is that the company began prioritizing user growth and making money over the safety of its users. What led you to believe that?I thought over and over again that they allocated resources in a way that implied that they were almost entirely focused on growth and monetization at the expense of user protection. I could not get engineers to build or maintain some of the compliance functions that I felt were necessary, and I saw other teams had very large numbers of engineers building lots of new products. That was the primary way that I understood how they prioritized because, you know, at a tech company, engineers are everything.
Do you think that they can build and do all these things on their own? Or do you think that there’s a degree to which government intervention, which is a very popular conversation topic now, is necessary or likely?I don’t believe it is necessary. I cannot say whether or not it’s likely or not, but I do believe that Facebook is best equipped to build the tools and the controls necessary for Facebook to be a safe environment in which people to use. And Facebook, ultimately, is accountable and responsible for defending its own platform. They do not take that responsibility lightheartedly.
It is my view that the company responds swiftly to the demands of the public and the community, that it has a legacy for having done so in the past, and in the case of data leakage, through the Facebook platform, it is my understanding that several years ago, they clamped down their data policies to prevent that from happening further. Now, did that happen in time, did it happen early enough? No, but it was also the case that when data portability was very top of mind for, again, critics of the company back then, the company was looking to create ways in which the platform can be of greater value to its users.
I guess my question is, if Facebook is doing a good job responding to user concerns, why are people so mad? That’s a great question. I think one reason why people are mad is because there is strong resentment to the American election outcome.A big faction of Americans today strongly disagree with that election outcome. The second bit is that they’re mad because it’s turned out that this breach in trust is a legitimate one, and it’s certainly one that Facebook has apologized for.
Which breach in trust, specifically?Specifically, as I understand it, the use of data through the Facebook platform, to then be sold to third parties in a way that Facebook had no direct control over.
True. It’s absolutely, but then there’s also, it’s not just liberals that are mad at Facebook, there’s a bunch of conservatives mad at Facebook, too.I think one part of the discontent is something that I feel as though the media has definitely fed, which is a broader discontent and discomfort with the role that technology companies play in society, Facebook being one of the largest.
So, I know that you’re not naming Cambridge Analytica. But this anger and this dissatisfaction preceded that. When I ask why people are mad, I’m not just referring to that scandal. It seems like there’s a degree of discontent that precedes that.I think, like I said, there is great discontent over the role that Facebook has played, in potentially influencing an election that, a broad swath of the American population disagrees with. That is one big motivator.
What do you mean by that?That technology companies, in society today, are driving extraordinary economic growth, that not all members of society participate in that growth directly, and that it’s unclear whether or not these companies are, one, adequately regulated, but then, two, are doing their best to serve society and protect society. It is my view, also, that Facebook is expending extraordinary energy and resources to making sure that it honors both of those things. Mainly, that it is providing the platform that serves the interests and needs of individuals, but also that serve the needs and interests of society alike. And I don’t, for a moment, accept the idea that Facebook has dragged its feet or that Facebook is only responding because of the public backlash. There have been steady and proactive investments in securing the platform, that have existed for quite some time and, as it turns out, like any great defense system, sometimes has failure points, and sometimes those failure points are catastrophic, but that is not to say that nobody’s working on it, or that the company’s being negligent.
What does accountability look like to you? This is one of those areas where I think there’s a gap between public perception and what happens internally. There haven’t been any firings and there haven’t been any fines handed down from the government. Those are, I would imagine, to be traditional standards of accountability that have been imposed by the public before. What makes you say that you feel that they’ve taken sufficient accountability for this previously?What makes me say that they’ve taken sufficient accountability for this previously? Like I said, they have enacted new products and features and policies to counteract abuse of the platform in the past, and they will likely continue doing it going forward.
So, you’re somebody who’s worked in Silicon Valley a while, and part of your job is to invest in companies and get on the ground floor of helping to build the kinds of cultures that can accommodate that kind of foresight. Do you think there’s something embedded in the DNA of Silicon Valley that limits the ability of the people who work in these companies to prevent these problems before they arise? It has been my experience, working in Silicon Valley, that the entrepreneurs, the engineers, and designers that work here have a very optimistic world view, and they have blind spots for malicious intent, in some cases. So, if I had to make broad sweeping generalizations, which seems to be the question you’re asking, I think rooted in Silicon Valley’s DNA is expecting the better-natured human. I think it’s really important to note that, for every Facebook that exists out there, there are hundreds of start-ups that don’t go anywhere, that are built by well-intended people, trying to create something meaningful and sustainable, but it’s truly hard to build a new business. I don’t fault Facebook for not anticipating how it could be used to rig elections. That was certainly not on top of mind for us, that was not a scenario that we anticipated. I apologize for it, and hopefully the world can understand why that was not very high up on our list, because we were trying to build a product that was not yet globally relevant.
Do you think that they needed to fail in order to succeed the next time? I think that’s true, just human condition. Show me a person who has succeeded who hasn’t failed. That is a human folly, right? Every admirable person on this planet has catastrophic failures in their success stories, and the thing that I don’t question for a moment is the integrity and fierceness of Mark Zuckerberg and his team. They’ve publicly acknowledged, and that they’re working very diligently to correct. And I say that as a former colleague, as somebody who has worked very closely with him, as a close friend to him, which is true. And I don’t know if the critics can speak [to] that sort of relationship that I can unblinkingly say that that’s the case.
And do you, I’m just curious, do you still hold Facebook stock? I don’t disclose that kind of information to the public.
Is there anything that we didn’t discuss that you think is kind of important or critical to add here? It is my perception that the media has an ax to grind. I don’t know if that’s actually true. Yeah, that has been my perception thus far.
Why does the media have an ax to grind? It seems to me that there is a very specific viewpoint that’s being projected onto the circumstances that I’m not, at least as a consumer of this content, not hearing enough from the folks that are working, that are spending their nights and weekends tackling these challenges, in this coverage, so I think it’s a relevant viewpoint and I would urge your publication and all media publications to incorporate that.
Maybe in mature markets where everyone who is going to become a Facebook user is already a Facebook user, maybe there you could do it, if you combined it with some premium features, like I post a lot on Facebook and I have a blue checkmark and I guess I’m a power user, whatever. Posting on Facebook is at least as much about pumping my own personal brand as it is keeping touch with friends. Yeah, would I pay 23 bucks a month for really nice, advanced feature and a better UI, and posts that went out a certain time and better analytics? Yeah, maybe I would. It’s not crazy.
The other question is what do you charge, right? How does the pricing work? Part of the point of advertising is that it’s a price-discovery mechanism. You just don’t know what that time is worth until you actually subject it to an ads auction model. So, I mean, how’s it going to work? The reality is, it could end up being the developed world subsidizing Facebook for the developing world. Which is already the case, I guess, in the sense that the amount of money that Facebook makes in ads sort of provides Facebook for India. India doesn’t pay for itself, frankly. The U.S. and Europe pay for Facebook and then the marginal cost of it is relatively small, so they give it away in Brazil or India, or whatever, right?
You get into these pricing problems because there’s going be an old lady in Arkansas who’s only willing to pay 50 bucks for Facebook and then there’s me, I’d pay $1,000 a year probably for it, for personal branding reasons. But, I mean, how do you distinguish those two?
Another example. If email were being invented now and Facebook … well, I mean, that’s effectively what Messenger is, right? If email were being invented now and somehow Mark Zuckerberg had concocted it, it would be a completely vertically, integrated, proprietary thing that nobody could build on. Nobody who’s a Facebook user could send a message to some other network and you’d just be stuck. Then the incumbents would duke it out for mind share and it would be this ruthless, winner-take-all battle. Email now is a standard. A guy who’s on Gmail, on Google’s thing, can actually email somebody who’s on Microsoft’s thing.
I think, if anything, that attitude switch was probably a much bigger deal than the corrupting influence of advertising.
I want to move to some of your recent writing and analysis on Facebook’s platform and targeting. It seems like they built these tools and were totally caught unawares of how they could be abused. How is that possible? In the Cambridge story, the abuse was really on the platform side, it wasn’t on the ad side. I mean, they used ill-gotten data, but the ad system worked as designed.
I had a hand in some of the targeting stuff that was designed and I had a hand in the early versions of custom audiences. At the time, I wouldn’t have imagined the political implications, not because I was necessarily naïve, I just didn’t know much about politics in general. Frankly, political advertising in 2012, it was not zero, but it wasn’t a huge amount of spend, so it wasn’t something that a product manager would have spent a lot of time thinking about.
I guess it’s funny. Everyone focuses on ads. I’ve always wondered why ads are so tainted. I think it’s because money’s involved, and money always gives it this sort of evil taint. In my mind, the scary sort of parts of Facebook is the fake news, the filter bubble, the online tribes that don’t speak to each other, the political polarization. The organic side, to me, is scarier than the ad side.
Why’s the organic side so scary? Well, because what do you do about it, right? I mean, at the end of the day, Facebook is tyrannical about its ads. If you do anything to fuck it once, it’ll just kick you off. There’s no freedom of speech, there’s no anything. It’s like, “You’re here. You give us money, otherwise fuck off.” That’s Facebook’s attitude toward its advertisers.
It’s very different when you go back into feeds. Everyone uses feeds. There’s free-speech concerns, there’s political concerns, there’s “What is hate speech?” concerns. There’s just so many contending factors and stakeholders there. Humans need narratives to survive and live, and the new source of narratives is Facebook.
This is where they just wade into the whole cesspit of human psychology. I mean, the reality is that Facebook is cognitive dissonance at scale. Cognitive dissonance is the feeling of awkwardness you feel when your worldview gets contradicted in some concrete way. You’ve got a worldview, you’re presented with evidence that it’s wrong, but you don’t sort of lose your belief, you actually dig your heels in and believe in it even more because you see contrary evidence. It’s this weird, knee-jerk reaction the human mind has.
Does Facebook just have to hire tons and tons of people who are going to eat into its bottom line on payroll because they need to have more people who are effectively making editorial decisions on behalf of the public and working to make, at the very least, a stable, civil, online ecosystem? Sure, but imagine Facebook goes ahead and hires every J-school grad from every journalism school in the United States and creates some sort of editorial team. Think about that for a second. Do you really want Zuck, and by Zuck, I don’t mean, a bunch of code that he wrote, I mean, like, Zuck himself, and humans that he appointed, to decide what you read every day? Can you imagine that editorial meeting with Zuck presiding it?
Does it have to be internal? Does it have to be Zuck? In a different era the FCC created broadcast standards requiring a certain amount of a certain kind of programming for the purpose of the edification of the public. There was a time in which the government took on some of that role. Maybe there’s a degree to which other people can do this work. Does that make sense to you? It’s funny, I was reading up on the BBC, and under their charter — because, of course, they’re a government corporation — they actually have hard bounds on how much cultural versus entertainment programming they have, and so they have exactly the regulations that you describe.
So you’d have an edifying, BBC-style Facebook with a lot of cultural content and historical stuff, and none of the clickbait, but it’s the postal service and it needs to be subsidized to get by. It wouldn’t exist as we know it today, which, maybe you would find much better, but, the world would look nothing like what it looks like now.
Is there anything that we haven’t talked about that you think is a critical concern here? One thing that I think is annoying is the lack of moral courage in Silicon Valley. No one takes a stand on anything ‘cause the opportunity costs can be so great given the winner-take-all nature of it, right? Missing out on being employee five at the next Uber is like a life-defining event and no one wants to fuck that up, right?
Some of the early Facebookers do hate me just because their whole identity in life is so wrapped up with having been part of the crazy Facebook adventure in the early days; any hint of criticism is just outrageous to them. I think that’s also part of it. I think people at Silicon Valley are so attached to their companies, right, the way that people consider religion, or region, or a community, or a family elsewhere, people have these feelings here about the companies they work for, which is so strange and is the ultimate triumph of capitalism.
If you go back to the early days of propaganda theory, Edward Bernays had a hypothesis that to implant an idea and make it universally acceptable, you needed to have the same message appearing in every medium all the time, for a really long period of time. The notion was, it could only be done by a government. That was certainly true into the late ’50s or early ’60s, but network television achieved a form of it in the ’60s.
• Former Facebook product manager Antonio Garcia Martinez on the “sociopathic scene” of Silicon Valley and Mark Zuckerberg’s “disingenuous and strange” reaction to the election.
There’s also now all these people who used to work at the platforms saying, “These companies are killing our soul and our economy and are destructive to our society kind of fundamentally.” Do you think this represents a fundamental change? I honestly read it as a sign of the success of the mission, generally speaking, of Silicon Valley over the past ten years. It’s basically a sign of success that there’s not a lot of risk in critiquing it. If you’ve been watching this for so long, it doesn’t matter what people say; it doesn’t matter what truth they tell; it doesn’t matter how sophisticated an argument is. They’ve come to consider the infrastructure as basically necessary to their lives, and they’re not leaving it. They’re not really refusing these platforms at a level that’s really hurting them. So far, it doesn’t seem like it’s going to cause much of a crisis for the platforms. How do you see it?
To what extent do you think the start-up ethos affects the capacity for that? You were at Facebook at a time when a lot of the company’s norms were being set, ideas about how the company should be and how it should operate that have endured to this day. Could that directly affect the capacity for Facebook, either at the leadership level or as an organization, to change? See, that’s the problem, that’s also where anything would fail. How many years into Facebook are we? We’re in the 14th year. There’s just a gap now between any engineer, no matter how cool or how smart they are, and the leadership structure in terms of how much money they have, how much power they have, how much they’re on the global stage. What the engineer has going for them is being a cool hacker. But there are always more cool hackers. It’s like you’d have to get a bunch of cool hackers together and they’d have to basically take a complete stand, “We’re only going to do it this way,” but that goes against every way that Facebook has ever functioned. Hackers have stood up to Facebook, to Mark, over, like, funny stuff. It’s like when Charlie Cheever put Wall to Wall messaging out in 2006, I think, and he wasn’t supposed to do it. But it didn’t matter. It was no big deal. It was sort of fun. It wasn’t a political statement.
• Former Facebook manager Sandy Parakilas on privacy, addiction, and why Facebook must “dramatically” change its business model.
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg is the kind of person who can maintain and face that challenge? Thus far, he’s been able to do it simply because the business keeps growing, so these flaps kind of just wear themselves out and he keeps going and things keep growing. But it does seem like the combined weight of the criticism is starting to wear Zuckerberg thin.
From the open letter:
“We have a clear and consistent government request process, which is no different in Vietnam to the rest of the world, and we report the number of pieces of content we restrict for contravening local law in our Transparency Report,” a Facebook representative told BuzzFeed News regarding the letter.
• Former Facebook designer Soleio Cuervo on Facebook’s commitment to users, what the media gets wrong, and why regulation is unnecessary.
This interview is with Kate Losse, an early Facebook employee who wrote speeches for Mark Zuckerberg. She is the author of The Boy Kings: A Journey into the Heart of the Social Network.
This interview has been edited and condensed for length and clarity.
• Former Zuckerberg speechwriter Kate Losse on how the Facebook founder thinks and what is hardest for him to wrap his mind around.
• Early Facebook investor Roger McNamee on Facebook propaganda, early warning signs, and why outrage is so addictive.
Mark Zuckerberg’s two days of testifying before Congress about what the heck the company is doing with our data began on Tuesday afternoon. Zuckerberg entered the hallowed halls in Washington with a haircut that was honestly better seen than described, and looking, well, rightfully ill. So, obviously, there are tweets. So many tweets. Many of them very funny, once you swallow the pill that is accepting the privacy-invading circumstances that brought us here.
Can’t wait for day two.
“Mr. Zuckerberg, would you be comfortable sharing with us the name of the hotel you stayed in last night?” That was Senator Dick Durbin’s first question for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who spent a marathon afternoon on Capitol Hill testifying in front of a row of senators. Zuckerberg — propped up on a cushion on his chair — grinned, let out a breathy laugh, froze for a couple seconds, and then finally answered: “Uuuh, no!”
So let’s return to Senator Durbin’s hypothetical. Would Zuckerberg feel comfortable sharing the hotel he’s staying at? According to Facebook’s practices, the question is beside the point. Using geolocation or an IP address, all you’d need to do is open Facebook’s mobile app on your phone. Facebook’s technology doesn’t need Zuck to post “I’m in Washington D.C.” to know that he’s in Washington, D.C. Similarly, Facebook doesn’t need you to say “I’ve got a crush on so-and-so.” All it needs is for you to visit so-and-so’s profile a dozen times a day. It’s this type of indirectly shared behavioral data that users do not understand in the same way that they understand something like a status update.
In addition to understanding what you share on Facebook, Zuckerberg’s site can also track you across the web, because most websites contain embedded Facebook code. Facebook also owns a VPN called Onavo — that it encourages users to install and which millions have — which monitors its users’ internet traffic. “In general, Facebook is not collecting data from other apps that you use,” Zuckerberg said, despite the fact that it very much does. Facebook has many methods of collecting activity on what you do on Facebook aside from actively sharing on the platform.
Durbin followed up by asking Zuckerberg if he would share the names of people he’s sent messages to recently. Zuckerberg again declined. Durbin’s stunt was an obvious trick. But it was a potent one. Amid the more complicated (or, at least, complicated-sounding) processes of data-harvesting and ad-targeting, the core question at the heart of Facebook’s most recent woes is this: How comfortable do you feel with other people knowing where you’ve been and who you’re talking to? Zuckerberg famously, and somewhat ironically, is very guarded about his private life. And yet, as the senators grappled with this afternoon, Facebook’s entire business model requires it to sink its fangs into users and extract data from them through a number of methods.
And how do you defend that? You explain that users signed up for Facebook’s vampire kiss, and that in fact they’re completely in control of the flow rates of their data and exact location of the puncture wounds. “User control” was what Zuckerberg clung to all day. “You sign up for Facebook, you get the ability to share the information that you want with people,” he explained. “That’s what the service is: you can connect to the people that you want and share what matters to you. That’s photos or links or posts. And you get control over who you share it with, and you can take it down if you want, and you don’t need to put anything up in the first place if you don’t want.”
That sounds benign, doesn’t it? The problem is that setting aside Facebook’s tangled privacy controls, one of the core issues with Facebook is that they collect reams of data that users don’t explicitly provide, and are often totally unaware of having given up. As Hawaii senator Brian Schatz put it, “Everybody kind of understands that when you click like on something, or if you say you like a certain movie or have a particular political proclivity, I think that’s fair game. Everybody understands that. But what we don’t understand as a matter practice and as a matter of not being able to decipher the terms of service and the privacy policy, is what exactly are you doing with the data collected in the process of using the platform.”
And users aren’t the only ones confused about what data they share and who they share it with. As Senator Richard Blumenthal pointed out to Zuckerberg, the app that Aleksandr Kogan used to harvest Facebook user data and then sell it to Cambridge Analytica had a privacy policy that enabled users to authorize him to do exactly that, despite that fact that it violated Facebook’s own policy. That detail slipped by anyone reviewing Kogan’s app for compliance. In other words, Facebook didn’t read the terms of service. How can they expect users to be any better?
While Facebook was off getting grilled by the United States government, Uber — a company that is no stranger to being the source of a whole lot of bad press — announced several new business ventures on Wednesday. CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said Uber’s app is getting additional features that will allow users to do things like book rental cars and purchase public-transit tickets without ever leaving the app, Recode reports. Uber also announced it is expanding its existing bike-rental program into the Washington, D.C. area.
Uber, please, while you’re doing this … fix the subway!
The new features will be powered through partnerships with other companies, Khosrowshahi said at an event in D.C. on Wednesday. For public transit, Uber is working with Masabi, a mobile ticketing platform used internationally, including by the New York MTA. For car rentals, Khosrowshahi announced the company is working with Getaround, an existing car-booking platform.
On day one of his congressional testimony, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was asked, by Ted Cruz, about two YouTubers named Diamond and Silk. On day two, the pair — sisters whose given names are Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson — was brought up again. “Why is Facebook censoring conservative bloggers such as Diamond and Silk? Facebook called them ‘unsafe’ to the community. That is ludicrous. They hold conservative views. That isn’t unsafe,” Joe Barton, a representative from Texas, asked. (Barton was reading a question sent to him by a constituent.) “Let me tell you something right now … Diamond & Silk is not terrorism,” Marsha Blackburn, a representative from Tennessee, told Zuckerberg when she brought up the pair. Diamond and Silk who? you may be asking yourself. What, if anything, do two black pro-Trump vloggers have to do with Cambridge Analytica? you might also be wondering. Great questions. Select All is here to help.
Over the last few months, Select All has interviewed more than a dozen prominent technology figures about what has gone wrong with the contemporary internet for a project called “The Internet Apologizes.” We’re now publishing lengthier transcripts of each individual interview. This interview features Jaron Lanier, a pioneer in the field of virtual reality and the founder of the first company to sell VR goggles. Lanier currently works at Microsoft Research as an interdisciplinary scientist. He is the author of the forthcoming book Ten Arguments for Deleting Your Social Media Accounts Right Now.
Noah Kulwin: Understood.Yeah, sorry. I really just wanted to get that down. So now please go ahead, I’m so sorry to interrupt you.
We used to be kind of rebels, like, if you go back to the origins of Silicon Valley culture, there were these big traditional companies like IBM that seemed to be impenetrable fortresses. And we had to create our own world. To us, we were the underdogs and we had to struggle. And we’ve won. I mean, we have just totally won. We run everything. We are the conduit of everything else happening in the world. We’ve disrupted absolutely everything. Politics, finance, education, media, relationships — family relationships, romantic relationships — we’ve put ourselves in the middle of everything, we’ve absolutely won. But we don’t act like it.
We have no sense of balance or modesty or graciousness having won. We’re still acting as if we’re in trouble and we have to defend ourselves, which is preposterous. And so in doing that we really kind of turn into assholes, you know?
And then when you move out of the tech world, everybody’s struggling. It’s a very strange thing. The numbers show an economy that’s doing well, but the reality is that the way it’s doing well doesn’t give many people a feeling of security or confidence in their futures. It’s like everybody’s working for Uber in one way or another. Everything’s become the gig economy. And we routed it that way, that’s our doing. There’s this strange feeling when you just look outside of the tight circle of Silicon Valley, almost like entering another country, where people are less secure. It’s not a good feeling. I don’t think it’s worth it, I think we’re wrong to want that feeling.
How do you think that siege mentality has fed into the ongoing crisis with the tech backlash?One of the problems is that we’ve isolated ourselves through extreme wealth and success. Before, we might’ve been isolated because we were nerdy insurgents. But now we’ve found a new method to isolate ourselves, where we’re just so successful and so different from so many other people that our circumstances are different. And we have less in common with all the people whose lives we’ve disrupted. I’m just really struck by that. I’m struck with just how much better off we are financially, and I don’t like the feeling of it.
It’s not so much that they’re doing badly, but they have only labor and no capital. Or the way I used to put it is, they have to sing for their supper, for every single meal. It’s making everyone else take on all the risk. It’s like we’re the people running the casino and everybody else takes the risks and we don’t. That’s how it feels to me. It’s not so much that everyone else is doing badly as that they’ve lost economic capital and standing, and momentum and plannability. It’s a subtle difference.
Personally, I would give up a lot of the wealth and elite status that we have in order to just live in a friendly, more connected world where it would be easier to move about and not feel like everything else is insecure and falling apart. People in the tech world, they’re all doing great, they all feel secure. I mean they might worry about a nuclear attack or something, but their personal lives are really secure.
There’s still this rhetoric of being the underdog in the tech industry. The attitude within the Valley is “Are you kidding? You think we’re resting on our laurels? No! We have to fight for every yard.” There’s this question of whether what you’re fighting for is something that’s really new and a benefit for humanity, or if you’re only engaged in a sort of contest with other people that’s fundamentally not meaningful to anyone else. The theory of markets and capitalism is that when we compete, what we’re competing for is to get better at something that’s actually a benefit to people, so that everybody wins. So if you’re building a better mousetrap, or a better machine-learning algorithm, then that competition should generate improvement for everybody.
But if it’s a purely abstract competition set up between insiders to the exclusion of outsiders, it might feel like a competition, it might feel very challenging and stressful and hard to the people doing it, but it doesn’t actually do anything for anybody else. It’s no longer genuinely productive for anybody, it’s a fake. And I’m a little concerned that a lot of what we’ve been doing in Silicon Valley has started to take on that quality. I think that’s been a problem in Wall Street for a while, but the way it’s been a problem in Wall Street has been aided by Silicon Valley. Everything becomes a little more abstract and a little more computer-based. You have this very complex style of competition that might not actually have much substance to it.
There are a few exceptions, you can see Dropbox’s IPO. But they’re rarer and rarer. And I suspect Dropbox in the future might very well be acquired by one of the giants. It’s not clear that it’ll survive as its own thing in the long term. I mean, we don’t know. I have no inside information about that, I’m just saying that the much more typical scenario now, as you described, is that the companies go to one of the biggies.
You look at the big platforms, and it’s not like there’s this bountiful ecosystem of start-ups. The rate of small-business creation is at its lowest in decades, and instead you have a certain number of start-ups competing to be acquired by a handful of companies. There are not that many varying powers, there’s just a few. That’s something I’ve been complaining about and I’ve written about for a while, that Silicon Valley used to be this place where people could do a start-up and the start-up might become a big company on its own, or it might be acquired, or it might merge into things. But lately it kind of feels like both at the start and at the end of the life of a start-up, things are a little bit more constrained. It used to be that you didn’t have to know the right people, but now you do. You have to get in with the right angel investors or incubator or whatever at the start. And they’re just a small number, it’s like a social order, you have to get into them. And then the output on the other side is usually being acquired by one of a very small number of top companies.
I’m kind of curious what you think needs to happen to prevent future platforms, like VR, from going the way of social media and reaching this really profitable crisis state.A lot of the rhetoric of Silicon Valley that has the utopian ring about creating meaningful communities where everybody’s creative and people collaborate and all this stuff — I don’t wanna make too much of my own contribution, but I was kind of the first author of some of that rhetoric a long time ago. So it kind of stings for me to see it misused. Like, I used to talk about how virtual reality could be a tool for empathy, and then I see Mark Zuckerberg talking about how VR could be a tool for empathy while being profoundly nonempathic, using VR to tour Puerto Rico after the storm, after Maria. One has this feeling of having contributed to something that’s gone very wrong.
So I guess the overall way I think of it is, first, we might remember ourselves as having been lucky that some of these problems started to come to a head during the social-media era, before tools like virtual reality become more prominent, because the technology is still not as intense as it probably will be in the future. So as bad as it’s been, as bad as the election interference and the fomenting of ethnic warfare, and the empowering of neo-Nazis, and the bullying — as bad as all of that has been, we might remember ourselves as having been fortunate that it happened when the technology was really just little slabs we carried around in our pockets that we could look at and that could talk to us, or little speakers we could talk to. It wasn’t yet a whole simulated reality that we could inhabit.
Because that will be so much more intense, and that has so much more potential for behavior modification, and fooling people, and controlling people. So things potentially could get a lot worse, and hopefully they’ll get better as a result of our experiences during this era.
This dovetails with something you’ve said in the past that’s with me, which is your phrase Digital Maoism. Do you think that the Digital Maoism that you described years ago — are those the people who run Silicon Valley today?I was talking about a few different things at the time I wrote “Digital Maoism.” One of them was the way that we were centralizing culture, even though the rhetoric was that we were distributing it. Before Wikipedia, I think it would have been viewed as being this horrible thing to say that there could only be one encyclopedia, and that there would be one dominant entry for a given topic. Instead, there were different encyclopedias. There would be variations not so much in what facts were presented, but in the way they were presented. That voice was a real thing.
It’s this thing that we were warned about. It’s this thing that we knew could happen. Norbert Wiener, who coined the term cybernetics, warned about it as a possibility. And despite all the warnings, and despite all of the cautions, we just walked right into it, and we created mass behavior-modification regimes out of our digital networks. We did it out of this desire to be both cool socialists and cool libertarians at the same time.
As far as what to do differently, I’ve had a particular take on this for a long time that not everybody agrees with. I think the fundamental mistake we made is that we set up the wrong financial incentives, and that’s caused us to turn into jerks and screw around with people too much. Way back in the ’80s, we wanted everything to be free because we were hippie socialists. But we also loved entrepreneurs because we loved Steve Jobs. So you wanna be both a socialist and a libertarian at the same time, and it’s absurd. But that’s the kind of absurdity that Silicon Valley culture has to grapple with.
And there’s only one way to merge the two things, which is what we call the advertising model, where everything’s free but you pay for it by selling ads. But then because the technology gets better and better, the computers get bigger and cheaper, there’s more and more data — what started out as advertising morphed into continuous behavior modification on a mass basis, with everyone under surveillance by their devices and receiving calculated stimulus to modify them. So you end up with this mass behavior-modification empire, which is straight out of Philip K. Dick, or from earlier generations, from 1984.
And then we moved to this idea that we have a single dominant encyclopedia that was supposed to be the truth for the global AI or something like that. But there’s something deeply pernicious about that. So we’re saying anybody can write for Wikipedia, so it’s, like, purely democratic and it’s this wonderful open thing, and yet the bizarreness is that that open democratic process is on the surface of something that struck me as being Maoist, which is that there’s this one point of view that’s then gonna be the official one.
And then I also noticed that that process of people being put into a global system in which they’re supposed to work together toward some sort of dominating megabrain that’s the one truth didn’t seem to bring out the best in people, that people turned aggressive and mean-spirited when they interacted in that context. I had worked on some content for Britannica years and years ago, and I never experienced the kind of just petty meanness that’s just commonplace in everything about the internet. Among many other places, on Wikipedia.
And exactly the same thing has happened with the supposed openness of the internet, where you say, “Isn’t it wonderful, with Facebook and Twitter anybody can express themselves. Everybody’s an equal, everybody’s empowered.” But in fact, we’re in a period of time of extreme concentration of wealth and power, and it’s precisely around those who run the biggest computers. So the truth and the effect is just the opposite of what the rhetoric is and the immediate experience.
But then there’s this other thing about the centralization of economic power. What happened with Maoists and with communists in general, and neo-Marxists and all kinds of similar movements, is that on the surface, you say everybody shares, everybody’s equal, we’re not gonna have this capitalist concentration. But then there’s some other entity that might not look like traditional capitalism, but is effectively some kind of robber baron that actually owns everything, some kind of Communist Party actually controls everything, and you have just a very small number of individuals who become hyperempowered and everybody else loses power.
A lot of people were furious with me over Digital Maoism and felt that I had betrayed our cause or something, and I lost some friends over it. And some of it was actually hard. But I fail to see how it was anything but accurate. I don’t wanna brag, but I think I was just right. I think that that’s what was going on and that’s what’s happening in China. But what’s worse is that it’s happening elsewhere.
On the one hand, you have this very open collective process actually in the service of this very domineering global brain, destroyer of local interpretation, destroyer of individual voice process. And then you also have this thing that seems to bring out this meanness in people, where people get into this kind of mob mentality and they become unkind to each other. And those two things have happened all over the internet; they’re both very present in Facebook, everywhere. And it’s a bit of a subtle debate, and it takes a while to work through it with somebody who doesn’t see what I’m talking about. That was what I was talking about.
The thing is, I’m not sure that what’s going on in the U.S. is that distinct from what’s going on in China. I think there are some differences, but they’re in degree; they’re not stark. The Chinese are saying if you have a low social rating you can’t get on the subway, but on the other hand, we’re doing algorithmic profiling that’s sending people to jail, and we know that the algorithms are racist. Are we really that much better?
I’m not really sure. I think it would be hard to determine it. But I think we’re doing many of the same things; it’s just that we package them in a slightly different way when we tell stories to ourselves.
Yeah, that was gonna be where I took this next. One of the things that I’ve been concerned about is this illusion where you think that you’re in this super-democratic open thing, but actually it’s exactly the opposite; it’s actually creating a super concentration of wealth and power, and disempowering you. This has been particularly cruel politically. Every time there’s some movement, like the Black Lives Matter movement, or maybe now the March for Our Lives movement, or #MeToo, or very classically the Arab Spring, you have this initial period where people feel like they’re on this magic-carpet ride and that social media is letting them broadcast their opinions for very low cost, and that they’re able to reach people and organize faster than ever before. And they’re thinking, Wow, Facebook and Twitter are these wonderful tools of democracy.
Black Lives Matter has incredible visibility, but the reality is that even though it has had an enormous effect on the discursive level, and at making the country fixated on this conversation, that’s distinct from political force necessary to effect that change. What do you think about the sort of gap between what Silicon Valley platforms have promised in that respect and then the material reality?That observation — that social-media politics is all talk and no action or something, or that it’s empty — is compatible with, but a little bit different from, what I was saying. I’m saying that it empowers its opposite more than the original good intention. And those two things can both be true at once, but I just wanna point out that they’re two different explanations for why nothing decent seems to come out in the end.
But then the algorithms have to maximize value from all the data that’s coming in. So they test use that data. And it just turns out as a matter of course, that the same data that is a positive, constructive process for the people who generated it — Black Lives Matter, or the Arab Spring — can be used to irritate other groups. And unfortunately there’s this asymmetry in human emotions where the negative emotions of fear and hatred and paranoia and resentment come up faster, more cheaply, and they’re harder to dispel than the positive emotions. So what happens is, every time there’s some positive motion in these networks, the negative reaction is actually more powerful. So when you have a Black Lives Matter, the result of that is the empowerment of the worst racists and neo-Nazis in a way that hasn’t been seen in generations. When you have an Arab Spring, the result ultimately is the network empowerment of ISIS and other extremists — bloodthirsty, horrible things, the likes of which haven’t been seen in the Arab world or in Islam for years, if ever.
I want to be wrong. I especially wanna be wrong about the March for Our Lives kids. I really wanna be wrong about them. I want them to not fall into this because they’re our hope, they’re the future of our country, so I very deeply, profoundly wanna be wrong. I don’t want their social-media data to empower the opposite movement that ends up being more powerful because negative emotions are more powerful. I just wanna be wrong. I so wanna be telling you bullshit right now.
This is something I write about, you know I have another book coming out shortly?
So far it’s been right, but that doesn’t mean it will continue to be. So please let me be wrong.
Platforms seem trapped in this fundamental tension, and I’m just not sure how they break out of that.My feeling is that if the theory is correct that we got into this by trying to be socialist and libertarian at the same time, and getting the worst of both worlds, then we have to choose. You either have to say, “Okay, Facebook is not going to be a business anymore. We said we wanted to create this thing to connect people, but we’re actually making the world worse, so we’re not gonna allow people to advertise on it; we’re not gonna allow anybody to have any influence on your feed but you. This is all about you. We’re gonna turn it into a nonprofit; we’re gonna give it to each country; it’ll be nationalized. We’ll do some final stock things so all the people who contributed to it will be rich beyond their dreams. But then after that it’s done; it’s not a business. We’ll buy back everybody’s stock and it’s done. It’s over. That’s it.”
That’s one option. So it just turns into a socialist enterprise; we let it be nationalized and it’s gone. The other option is to monetize it. And that’s the one that I’m personally more interested in. And what that would look like is, we’d ask those who can afford to — which would be a lot of people in the world, certainly most people in the West — to start paying for it. And then we’d also pay people who provide data into it that’s exceptionally valuable to the network, and it would become a source of economic growth. And we would outlaw advertising on it. There would no longer be third parties paying to influence you.
Because as long as you have advertising, you have this perverse incentive to make it manipulative. You can’t have a behavior-modification machine with advertisers and have anything ethical; it’s not possible. You could get away with it barely with television because television wasn’t as effective at modifying people. But this, there’s no ethical way to have advertising.
So you’d ban advertising, and you’d start paying people, a subset of people; a minority of people would start earning their living because they just do stuff that other people love to look at over Facebook or the other social networks, or YouTube for that matter. And then most people would pay into it in the same way that we pay into something like Netflix or HBO Now.
And one of the things I wanna point out is that back at the time when Facebook was founded, the belief was that in the future there wouldn’t be paid people making movies and television because armies of unpaid volunteers organized through our network schemes would make superior content, just like what happened with Wikipedia. But what actually happened is, when people started paying for Netflix, we got what we call Peak TV — things got much better as a result of it being monetized.
So I think if we had a situation where people were paying for something like Facebook, and being paid for it, and advertising was absolutely outlawed, the only customer would be the user, there would be no other customer. If we got into that situation, I think we have at least a chance of achieving Peak Social Media, just like we achieved Peak TV. We might actually see things improve a great deal.
So that’s the solution that I think is better. But we can’t do this combination of libertarian and communist ideology. It just doesn’t work. You have to choose one.
You’ve written this book, Ten Arguments for Deleting Your Social Media Accounts. I don’t want to make you summarize the whole book, but I want to ask what you thought was the most urgent argument, and to explain why.Okay. By the way, it’s … For Deleting Your Social Media Accounts Right Now.
Right now! So the whole thing is already urgent, so which of these urgent pleas do you believe to be the most pressing?There’s one that’s a little complicated, which is the last one. Because I have the one about politics, and I have the one about economics. That it’s ruining politics, it’s empowering the most obnoxious people to be the most powerful inherently, and that’s destroying the world. I have the one about economics, how it’s centralizing wealth even while it seems to be democratizing it. I have the one about how it makes you feel sad; I have all these different ones.
But at the end, I have one that’s a spiritual one. The argument is that social media hates your soul. And it suggests that there’s a whole spiritual, religious belief system along with social media like Facebook that I think people don’t like. And it’s also fucking phony and false. It suggests that life is some kind of optimization, like you’re supposed to be struggling to get more followers and friends. Zuckerberg even talked about how the new goal of Facebook would be to give everybody a meaningful life, as if something about Facebook is where the meaning of life is.
It suggests that you’re just a cog in a giant global brain or something like that. The rhetoric from the companies is often about AI, that what they’re really doing — like YouTube’s parent company, Google, says what they really are is building the giant global brain that’ll inherit the earth and they’ll upload you to that brain and then you won’t have to die. It’s very, very religious in the rhetoric. And so it’s turning into this new religion, and it’s a religion that doesn’t care about you. It’s a religion that’s completely lacking in empathy or any kind of personal acknowledgment. And it’s a bad religion. It’s a nerdy, empty, sterile, ugly, useless religion that’s based on false ideas. And I think that of all of the things, that’s the worst thing about it.
I mean, it’s sort of like a cult of personality. It’s like in North Korea or some regime where the religion is your purpose to serve this one guy. And your purpose is to serve this one system, which happens to be controlled by one guy, in the case of Facebook.
It’s not as blunt and out there, but that is the underlying message of it and it’s ugly and bad. I loathe it, and I think a lot of people have that feeling, but they might not have articulated it or gotten it to the surface because it’s just such a weird and new situation.
And then to say that observing our own mistakes means that you’re old and don’t get it is profoundly counterproductive. It’s really just a way of evading our own responsibility. The truth is that we totally have screwed over younger generations. And that’s a bigger story than just the social-media and tech thing, but the social-media and tech thing is a big part of it. We’ve created a scammy society where we concentrate wealth in ways that are petty and not helpful, and we’ve given them a world of far fewer options than we had. There’s nothing I want more than for the younger people to create successful lives and create a world that they love. I mean, that’s what it’s all about. But to say that the path to that is for them to agree with the thing we made for them is just so self-serving and so obnoxiously narcissistic that it makes me wanna throw up.
On the other hand, there’s a rising backlash that may end the platforms before they have the opportunity to take root and produce yet another vicious problem.I’m in my late 50s now. I have an 11-year-old daughter, and the thing that bothers me so much is that we’re giving them a world that isn’t as good as the world we received. We’re giving them a world in which their hopes for being able to create a decent, happy, reasonably low-stress life, where they can have their own kids, it’s just not as good as what we were given. We have not done well by them.
In November, you told Maureen Dowd that it’s scary and awful how out of touch Silicon Valley people have become. It’s a pretty forward remark. I’m kind of curious what you mean by that.To me, one of the patterns we see that makes the world go wrong is when somebody acts as if they aren’t powerful when they actually are powerful. So if you’re still reacting against whatever you used to struggle for, but actually you’re in control, then you end up creating great damage in the world. Like, oh, I don’t know, I could give you many examples. But let’s say like Russia’s still acting as if it’s being destroyed when it isn’t, and it’s creating great damage in the world. And Silicon Valley’s kind of like that.
Diamond and Silk rose to prominence during the 2016 election cycle thanks to their effusive, off-kilter pro-Trump videos and other content. The sisters, who are from North Carolina, have amassed over a million Facebook followers for videos generally featuring the two of them sitting and looking directly into the camera while discussing a news topic. Diamond (Hardaway) narrates, while Silk (Richardson) sits beside her nodding and audibly backing up everything her sister says.
Can you think of some specific decisions or events, either from your experience at Reddit or elsewhere, that you’ve observed that you think reflect this? I’d like to think that while I was at Reddit, the decisions were made based on principles. I don’t think there was a sense of wanting to upset users so we could get more traction, but you could definitely see it happening. I think the times when we got a lot of traction were really uncomfortable for us. When we had celebrity-gate — all the unauthorized nude photos on Reddit — it was super uncomfortable for us. We got a ton of attention. We got a ton of usage. We got a ton of press, but we were not happy about it.
If you look at the information that Facebook was sharing and offering to developers, I don’t think it’s a huge surprise. I think people knew, like, “Hey, I gave Facebook permission to share this information,” and maybe the average user didn’t understand the implications. I know I didn’t understand the implications. But the fact that the data was there and was being used isn’t a huge shock. I think it’s just the extent of the usage and the ability to have such impact with it.
When you think back to the early 2000s — to the post-dotcom, pre-web 2.0 era — there were a lot of folks who you knew personally, or worked with, who were the vanguard of this new emancipatory movement. I’m curious if you ever saw any ideological or intellectual shift among them.I think it all goes back to Facebook, where it was successful so quickly and raised so much money, and people got wealthy so fast. And they were so young and they were so admired that it changed the culture, and it went from “I’m going to build this company to change the way people do things and improve people’s lives” to “I’m gonna build this company that builds this product that everybody uses, so I can make a lot of money.”
For a long time, people thought that tech was this great, awesome, democratic tool for good. That was the hope and that was the messaging. And people believed it, and I think there has been a ton of good that’s come out of it, but that flip side of it being used for more nefarious purposes? People just chose not to think about it.
Google went public, and all of a sudden you have these instant billionaires. No longer did you have to toil for decades. They were able to make billions in a very short amount of time.
When you have this idea that’s fundamentally wrong — like, only people who can succeed are people who look like Mark Zuckerberg — you might go and test it out on people. But if you’re only testing it out on people who look like you and believe the same thing, it’s just going to be reinforced.
There was, like, an optimism early around good coming out of the internet that ended up getting completely distorted in the 2000s, when you had these people coming in with a different idea and a different set of goals.
You see more and more people talking in political terms about the ways to counteract the coercive impact of Big Tech. I was kind of curious about the extent to which you think those solutions are possible, and what other things need to be done in order to end the crisis. I don’t know about Paul Ford’s idea of a Digital Protection Agency. I do know it’s a sad day when we need to go to regulation to solve problems, but I do think we’re at a point where the current situation is not working, and it doesn’t look like there’s any change that’s meaningful in sight. So I don’t know if regulation is the right answer, but I don’t know what else there is.
So it seems like maybe a necessity, but probably not the best solution because we know regulation is often slow, and it’s often driven by a political motive. And there’s often lobbying involved, and it’s gonna be far from perfect.
So how do we think about these broader social issues in a way that is meaningful? And the hope is that whatever solution comes about is going to address the whole host of problems and not just cherry-pick ones that are easier or that the people who are voters care about. These are huge problems that should be troublesome across the board, but we haven’t started talking about some of these other issues yet.
After the financial crisis, people were calling, metaphorically, for the heads of bankers, and a bunch of them were forced to quit or resign. They got huge golden parachutes obviously, and they came out just fine, but there was a sense that leaders, like Travis Kalanick at Uber, need to go when the situation reveals itself to be so destructive, and so toxic, and so regressive. Do you think that we have reached that tipping point with the platforms? I guess my concern is that the solution so far is more of the same. You’ve got these people who are incredibly innovative. They can solve huge technical issues. They can bring the internet to Africa at a low cost, but we can’t pay our employees a fair wage that allows them to live above the poverty line and feed their families and buy a home? We can’t get harassment off of our sites? You have these people who haven’t used their skill, innovation, their giant teams, or their huge coffers to solve them. What makes you think they’re going to change and care about these problems today? And that’s the piece that I’m not really sure about. And when you look at a company like Uber, and you bring somebody who looks very similar in to solve the problem, I don’t really know that the problem is going to get solved.
This, naturally, only increased Diamond and Silk’s prominence on the conservative-media circuit. And, consequently, their prominence in the letters and calls from right-wing constituents to their senators and congresspeople. And, from there, their prominence in questions asked of Zuckerberg during these hearings.
We’ll note that a perusal of Diamond and Silk’s Facebook page turns up links to a number of websites and domains that — were they not being linked to by upstanding citizens such as Diamond and Silk — an impartial monitor might describe as “sketchy.” Is it possible that Facebook’s moderation tools, gauging the quality of their links, mistook Diamond and Silk for a pair of scam artists? Obviously, that would have been a huge mistake. But perhaps an understandable one.
Maybe you open up your Facebook app while standing in a Men’s Wearhouse and had GPS turned on. Facebook can then target you by knowing that you visited a suit store recently. Maybe you visited a website that sells suits, and Facebook’s tracking code matched that browsing to your profile. There are dozens of supposedly benign signals Facebook uses to figure out your activity and interests, as the podcast Reply All explained in an investigation of the phone conspiracy.
On the one hand, Bucshon’s line of questioning, like many lines of questioning over the last couple of days, has revealed a legislature that is often not up to speed on how modern technology functions. Representatives in the federal government, moving forward, need to focus on technical literacy so that they can effectively regulate. Mark Zuckerberg, for instance, spent a lot of time trying to convince legislators that Facebook doesn’t sell data — a fact that is technically true but is also, in the grand scheme of Facebook’s data-harvesting operation, splitting hairs.
“My understanding is that a lot of these cases that you’re talking about are a coincidence,” Zuckerberg explained to Representative Bucshon regarding the phone conspiracy. “Someone might be talking about something, but then they also go to a website or interact with it on Facebook, because they were talking about it. Maybe they’ll see the ad [because of that subsequent action].” This is the sensible explanation — you talk about a product, you search Facebook or the broader web for that product, Facebook is able to track that through its many data-collection systems.
What we are left with is a powder keg. Facebook’s shady, inadequately disclosed business practices being used on a captive audience — and now legislators who don’t understand the technical details and only understand the creepy end results are being tasked with legislating them. There is no way for Facebook to explain away its problems. The only remedy is true and meaningful change.
Over the next two weeks, Snapchat is leaning heavily on the good relationships it’s established, hosting summits with publishers in both New York City and Los Angeles. (New York City’s kicks off with a happy hour on Thursday evening.) “We received a poll asking us detailed questions about what we’d like to address, and what we’d like to learn from other publishers,” a source said of the upcoming event.
The publisher summits have been in the works for months, according to a Snapchat executive. (Snap declined to provide any on-the-record information regarding the summits.) Invitations were sent out in early January and Snap says getting all their partners into a room to connect both with the company and with each other is something they’ve wanted to do for a long time. Of course, the timing is also such that those invites went out riiiiight around the same time the redesigned app launched, which Snap CEO Evan Spiegel acknowledged would likely be “disruptive,” in the short term. “We’re willing to take that risk,” he said in a letter to investors in 2017 announcing the update.
Good thing Detective Garland is on the case!
In the early ’90s, Jaime Levy, a punk-rock hacker chick from Los Angeles, marched into the Tisch Building at NYU without an appointment. The move was part bombast, part desperation: She wanted to join the university’s Interactive Telecommunications Program, but didn’t think she could have gotten an interview if she tried. She wandered around the fourth ﬂoor until someone led her to the office of Red Burns, the program’s venerable chair, a bristly redheaded matriarch some called the Godmother of Silicon Alley. Jaime was intimidated, but she had only two days in the city, so she told Burns she wanted to tell stories using computers. Burns took a shine to Jaime — a kid with only a skateboard and an Amiga to her name — and gave her a full ride.
Depending on whom you ask, Tesla was either kicked off of an investigation regarding the fatal crash of one of its cars this week, or it pulled out voluntarily. The company was working with the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate a crash last month involving a Tesla Model X that killed the driver, 38-year-old Walter Huang.
Antonio García Martínez: I’m old enough to remember the early days of the internet. A lot of the “Save the world” stuff comes from the origins in the Valley. The hippie flower children dropped out, and Silicon Valley was this alternative to mainstream industrial life. Steve Jobs would never have gotten a job at IBM. The original internet was built by super-geeky engineers who didn’t fully understand the commercial implications of it. They could muck around, and it didn’t matter.
Ellen Pao: I think two things are at the root of the present crisis. One was the idealistic view of the internet — the idea that this is the great place to share information and connect with like-minded people. The second part was the people who started these companies were very homogeneous. You had one set of experiences, one set of views, that drove all of the platforms on the internet. So the combination of this belief that the internet was a bright, positive place and the very similar people who all shared that view ended up creating platforms that were designed and oriented around free speech.
Can Duruk: Going to work for Facebook or Google was always this extreme moral positive. You were going to Facebook not to work but to make the world more open and connected. You go to Google to index the world’s knowledge and make it available. Or you go to Uber to make transportation affordable for everyone. A lot of people really bought into those ideals.
Kate Losse: My experience at Facebook was that there was this very moralistic sense of the mission: of connecting people, connecting the world. It’s hard to argue with that. What’s wrong with connecting people? Nothing, right?
To transform the world, you first need to take it over. The planetary scale and power envisioned by Silicon Valley’s early hippies turned out to be as well suited for making money as they were for saving the world.
Lanier: We wanted everything to be free, because we were hippie socialists. But we also loved entrepreneurs, because we loved Steve Jobs. So you want to be both a socialist and a libertarian at the same time, which is absurd.
Tristan Harris: It’s less and less about the things that got many of the technologists I know into this industry in the first place, which was to create “bicycles for our mind,” as Steve Jobs used to say. It became this kind of puppet-master effect, where all of these products are puppet-mastering all these different users. That was really bad.
Lanier: We disrupted absolutely everything: politics, finance, education, media, family relationships, romantic relationships. We won — we just totally won. But having won, we have no sense of balance or modesty or graciousness. We’re still acting as if we’re in trouble and we have to defend ourselves. So we kind of turned into assholes, you know?
Rich Kyanka: Social media was supposed to be about, “Hey, Grandma. How are you?” Now it’s like, “Oh my God, did you see what she wore yesterday? What a fucking cow that bitch is.” Everything is toxic — and that has to do with the internet itself. It was founded to connect people all over the world. But now you can meet people all over the world and then murder them in virtual reality and rape their pets.
Just as Facebook became the first overnight social-media success, the stock market crashed, sending money-minded investors westward toward the tech industry. Before long, a handful of companies had created a virtual monopoly on digital life.
García: I think Silicon Valley has changed. After a while, the whole thing became more sharp-elbowed. It wasn’t hippies showing up anymore. There was a lot more of the libertarian, screw-the-government ethos, that whole idea of move fast, break things, and damn the consequences. It still flies under this marketing shell of “making the world a better place.” But under the covers, it’s this almost sociopathic scene.
Pao: It all goes back to Facebook. It was a success so quickly, and was so admired, that it changed the culture. It went from “I’m going to improve people’s lives” to “I’m going to build this product that everybody uses so I can make a lot of money.” Then Google went public, and all of a sudden you have these instant billionaires. No longer did you have to toil for decades. So in 2008, when the markets crashed, all those people from Wall Street who were motivated by money ended up coming out to Silicon Valley and going into tech. That’s when values shifted even more. The early, unfounded optimism about good coming out of the internet ended up getting completely distorted in the 2000s, when you had these people coming in with a different set of goals.
Ethan Zuckerman: Over the last decade, the social-media platforms have been working to make the web almost irrelevant. Facebook would, in many ways, prefer that we didn’t have the internet. They’d prefer that we had Facebook.
García: If email were being invented now and Mark Zuckerberg had concocted it, it would be a vertically integrated, proprietary thing that nobody could build on.
Kyanka: Around 2000, after the dot-com bust, people were trying as hard as they could to recoup money through ads. So they wanted more people on their platforms. They didn’t care if people were crappy. They didn’t care if the people were good. They just wanted more bodies with different IP addresses loading up ads.
Harris: There was pressure from venture capital to grow really, really quickly. There’s a graph showing how many years it took different companies to get to 100 million users. It used to take ten years, but now you can do it in six months. So if you’re competing with other start-ups for funding, it depends on your ability to grow usage very quickly. Everyone in the tech industry is in denial. We think we’re making the world more open and connected, when in fact the game is just: How do I drive lots of engagement?
Dan McComas: The incentive structure is simply growth at all costs. I can tell you that from the inside, the board never asks about revenue. They honestly don’t care, and they said as much. They’re only asking about growth. When I was at Reddit, there was never a conversation at any board meeting about the users, or things that were going on that were bad, or potential dangers.
Pao: Reddit, when I was there, was about growth at all costs.
McComas: The classic comment that would come up in every board meeting was “Why aren’t you growing faster?” We’d say, “Well, we’ve grown by 40 million visitors since the last board meeting.” And the response was “That’s slower than the internet is growing — that’s not enough. You have to grow more.” Ultimately, that’s why Ellen and I were let go.
Pao: When you look at how much money Facebook and Google and YouTube print every day, it’s all about building the user base. Building engagement was important, and they didn’t care about the nature of engagement. Or maybe they did, but in a bad way. The more people who got angry on those sites — Reddit especially — the more engagement you would get.
Harris: If you’re YouTube, you want people to register as many accounts as possible, uploading as many videos as possible, driving as many views to those videos as possible, so you can generate lots of activity that you can sell to advertisers. So whether or not the users are real human beings or Russian bots, whether or not the videos are real or conspiracy theories or disturbing content aimed at kids, you don’t really care. You’re just trying to drive engagement to the stuff and maximize all that activity. So everything stems from this engagement-based business model that incentivizes the most mindless things that harm the fabric of society.
Lanier: What started out as advertising morphed into continuous behavior modification on a mass basis, with everyone under surveillance by their devices and receiving calculated stimulus to modify them. It’s a horrible thing that was foreseen by science-fiction writers. It’s straight out of Philip K. Dick or 1984. And despite all the warnings, we just walked right into it and created mass behavior-modification regimes out of our digital networks. We did it out of this desire to be both cool socialists and cool libertarians at the same time.
Zuckerman: As soon as you’re saying “I need to put you under surveillance so I can figure out what you want and meet your needs better,” you really have to ask yourself the questions “Am I in the right business? Am I doing this the right way?”
Kyanka: It’s really sad, because you have hundreds and hundreds of bigwig, smarty-pants guys at all these analytic firms, and they’re trying to drill down into the numbers and figure out what kind of goods and products people want. But they only care about the metrics. They say, “Well, this person is really interested in AR-15s. He buys ammunition in bulk. He really likes Alex Jones. He likes surveying hotels for the best vantage points.” They look at that and they say, “Let’s serve him these ads. This is how we’re going to make our money.” And they don’t care beyond that.
Harris: We cannot afford the advertising business model. The price of free is actually too high. It is literally destroying our society, because it incentivizes automated systems that have these inherent flaws. Cambridge Analytica is the easiest way of explaining why that’s true. Because that wasn’t an abuse by a bad actor — that was the inherent platform. The problem with Facebook is Facebook.
Sandy Parakilas: One of the core things going on is that they have incentives to get people to use their service as much as they possibly can, so that has driven them to create a product that is built to be addictive. Facebook is a fundamentally addictive product that is designed to capture as much of your attention as possible without any regard for the consequences. Tech addiction has a negative impact on your health and on your children’s health. It enables bad actors to do new bad things, from electoral meddling to sex trafficking. It increases narcissism and people’s desire to be famous on Instagram. And all of those consequences ladder up to the business model of getting people to use the product as much as possible through addictive, intentional-design tactics, and then monetizing their users’ attention through advertising.
The social-media giants became “attention merchants,” bent on hooking users no mater the consequences. “Engagement” was the euphemism for the metric, but in practice it evolved into an unprecedented machine for behavior modification.
Harris: I had friends who worked at Zynga, and it was the same thing. Not how do we build games that are great for people, or that people really love, but how do we manipulate people into spending money on and creating false social obligations so your friend will plant corn on your farm? Zynga was a weed that grew through Facebook.
Losse: In a way, Zynga was too successful at this. They were making so much money that they were hacking the whole concept of Facebook as a social platform. The problem with those games is they weren’t really that social. You put money into the game, and then you took care of your fish or your farm or whatever it was. You spent a lot of time on Facebook, and people were getting addicted to it.
Guillaume Chaslot: The way AI is designed will have a huge impact on the type of content you see. For instance, if the AI favors engagement, like on Facebook and YouTube, it will incentivize divisive content, because divisive content is very efficient to keep people online. If the metric you try to optimize is likes, or the little arcs on Facebook, then the type of content people will see and share will be very different.
Harris: That blue Facebook icon on your home screen is really good at creating unconscious habits that people have a hard time extinguishing. People don’t see the way that their minds are being manipulated by addiction. Facebook has become the largest civilization-scale mind-control machine that the world has ever seen.
Roger McNamee: If you parse what Unilever said about Facebook when they threatened to pull their ads, their message was “Guys, your platform’s too good. You’re basically harming our customers. Because you’re manipulating what they think. And more importantly, you’re manipulating what they feel. You’re causing so much outrage that they become addicted to outrage.” The dopamine you get from outrage is just so addictive.
Chaslot: Tristan was one of the first people to start talking about the problem of this kind of thinking.
Harris: I warned about it at Google at the very beginning of 2013. I made that famous slide deck that spread virally throughout the company to 20,000 people. It was called “A Call to Minimize Distraction & Respect Users’ Attention.” It said the tech industry is creating the largest political actor in the world, influencing a billion people’s attention and thoughts every day, and we have a moral responsibility to steer people’s thoughts ethically. It went all the way up to Larry Page, who had three separate meetings that day where people brought it up. And to Google’s credit, I didn’t get fired. I was supported to do research on the topic for three years. But at the end of the day, what are you going to do? Knock on YouTube’s door and say, “Hey, guys, reduce the amount of time people spend on YouTube. You’re interrupting people’s sleep and making them forget the rest of their life”? You can’t do that, because that’s their business model. So nobody at Google specifically said, “We can’t do this — it would eat into our business model.” It’s just that the incentive at a place like YouTube is specifically to keep people hooked.
None of the companies hid their plans or lied about how their money was made. But as users became deeply enmeshed in the increasingly addictive web of surveillance, the leading digital platforms became wildly popular.
Pao: There’s this idea that, “Yes, they can use this information to manipulate other people, but I’m not gonna fall for that, so I’m protected from being manipulated.” Slowly, over time, you become addicted to the interactions, so it’s hard to opt out. And they just keep taking more and more of your time and pushing more and more fake news. It becomes easy just to go about your life and assume that things are being taken care of.
McNamee: If you go back to the early days of propaganda theory, Edward Bernays had a hypothesis that to implant an idea and make it universally acceptable, you needed to have the same message appearing in every medium all the time for a really long period of time. The notion was it could only be done by a government. Then Facebook came along, and it had this ability to personalize for every single user. Instead of being a broadcast model, it was now 2.2 billion individualized channels. It was the most effective product ever created to revolve around human emotions.
No one in the government — or, for that matter, in the tech industry’s user base — seemed interested in bringing such a wealthy, dynamic sector to heel.
Chaslot: As an engineer at Google, I would see something weird and propose a solution to management. But just noticing the problem was hurting the business model. So they would say, “Okay, but is it really a problem?” They trust the structure. For instance, I saw this conspiracy theory that was spreading. It’s really large — I think the algorithm may have gone crazy. But I was told, “Don’t worry — we have the best people working on it. It should be fine.” Then they conclude that people are just stupid. They don’t want to believe that the problem might be due to the algorithm.
Parakilas: One time a developer who had access to Facebook’s data was accused of creating profiles of people without their consent, including children. But when we heard about it, we had no way of proving whether it had actually happened, because we had no visibility into the data once it left Facebook’s servers. So Facebook had policies against things like this, but it gave us no ability to see what developers were actually doing.
McComas: Ultimately the problem Reddit has is the same as Twitter: By focusing on growth and growth only, and ignoring the problems, they amassed a large set of cultural norms on their platforms that stem from harassment or abuse or bad behavior. They have worked themselves into a position where they’re completely defensive and they can just never catch up on the problem. I don’t see any way it’s going to improve. The best they can do is figure out how to hide the bad behavior from the average user.
The more features Facebook and other platforms added, the more data users willingly, if unwittingly, released to them and the data brokers who power digital advertising.
Richard Stallman: What is data privacy? That means that if a company collects data about you, it should somehow protect that data. But I don’t think that’s the issue. The problem is that these companies are collecting data about you, period. We shouldn’t let them do that. The data that is collected will be abused. That’s not an absolute certainty, but it’s a practical extreme likelihood, which is enough to make collection a problem.
Kyanka: No matter where you go, especially in this country, advertisers follow. And when advertisers follow, they begin thought groups, and then think tanks, and then they begin building up these gigantic structures dedicated to stealing as much data and seeing how far they can push boundaries before somebody starts pushing back.
Losse: I’m not surprised at what’s going on now with Cambridge Analytica and the scandal over the election. For long time, the accepted idea at Facebook was: Giving developers as much data as possible to make these products is good. But to think that, you also have to not think about the data implications for users. That’s just not your priority.
Pao: Nobody wants to take responsibility for the election based on how people were able to manipulate their platform. People knew they gave Facebook permission to share their information with developers, even if the average user didn’t understand the implications. I know I didn’t understand the implications — how much that information could be used to manipulate our emotions.
Stallman: I never tell stores who I am. I never let them know. I pay cash and only cash for that reason. I don’t care whether it’s a local store or Amazon — no one has a right to keep track of what I buy.
The election of Donald Trump and the triumph of Brexit, two campaigns powered in large part by social media, demonstrated to tech insiders that connecting the world — at least via an advertising-surveillance scheme — doesn’t necessarily lead to that hippie utopia.
Lanier: A lot of the rhetoric of Silicon Valley that has a utopian ring about creating meaningful communities where everybody’s creative and people collaborate — I was one of the first authors on some of that rhetoric a long time ago. So it kind of stings for me to see it misused. I used to talk about how virtual reality could be a tool for empathy. Then I see Mark Zuckerberg talking about how VR could be a tool for empathy while being profoundly non-empathic — using VR to tour Puerto Rico after the hurricane. One has this feeling of having contributed to something that’s gone very wrong.
Kyanka: My experience with Reddit and my experience with 4chan, if you combine them together, is probably under eight minutes total. But both of them are inadvertently my fault, because I thought they were so terrible that I kicked them off of Something Awful. And then somehow they got worse.
Chaslot: I realized personally that things were going wrong in 2011, when I was working at Google. I was working on this YouTube recommendation algorithm, and I realized that the algorithm was always giving you the same type of content. For instance, if I give you a video of a cat and you watch it, the algorithm thinks, Oh, he must really like cats. That creates these feeder bubbles where people just see one type of information. But when I notified my managers at Google and proposed a solution that would give a user more control so he could get out of the feeder bubble, they realized that this type of algorithm would not be very beneficial for watch time. They didn’t want to push that, because the entire business model is based on watch time.
Harris: A lot of people feel enormously regretful about how this has turned out. I mean, who wants to be part of the system that is sending the world in really dangerous directions? I wasn’t personally responsible for it — I called out the problem early. But everybody in the industry knows we need to do things differently. That kind of conscience is weighing on everybody. The reason I’m losing sleep is I’m worried that the fabric of society will fall apart if we don’t correct these things soon enough. We’re talking about people’s lives.
McComas: I fundamentally believe that my time at Reddit made the world a worse place. That sucks. It sucks to have to say that about myself.
Tech-industry executives aren’t likely to bite the hand that feeds them. But maybe their employees — the ones who signed up for the mission as much as the money — can rise up and make a change.
García: Some Facebook employees felt uncomfortable when they went back home over Thanksgiving, after the election. They suddenly had all these hard questions from their mothers, who were saying, “What the hell? What is Facebook doing?” Suddenly they were facing flak for what they thought was a supercool job.
Duruk: I was at Uber when all the madness was happening there, and it did affect recruiting and hiring. I don’t think these companies are going to go down because they can’t attract the right talent. But there’s going to be a measurable impact. It has become less of a moral positive now — you go to Facebook to write some code and then you go home. They’re becoming just another company.
Harris: There’s a massive demoralizing wave that is hitting Silicon Valley. It’s getting very hard for companies to attract and retain the best engineers and talent when they realize that the automated system they’ve built is causing havoc everywhere around the world. So if Facebook loses a big chunk of its workforce because people don’t want to be part of that perverse system anymore, that is a very powerful and very immediate lever to force them to change.
McNamee: For three months starting in October 2016, I appealed to Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg directly. I did it really politely. I didn’t talk to anybody outside Facebook. I did it as a friend of the firm. I said, “Guys, I think this election manipulation has all the makings of a crisis, and I think you need to get on top of it. You need to do forensics, and you need to determine what, if any, role you played. You need to make really substantive changes to your business model and your algorithms so the people know it’s not going to happen again. If you don’t do that, and it turns out you’ve had a large impact on the election, your brand is hosed.” But if you can’t convince Mark and Sheryl, then you have to convince the employees. One approach, which has never been tested in the tech world, is what I would characterize as the Ellsberg strategy: Somebody on the inside, like Daniel Ellsberg releasing the Pentagon Papers, says, “Oh my God, something horrible is going on here,” and the resulting external pressure forces a change. That’s the only way you have a snowball’s chance in hell of triggering what would actually be required to fix things and make it work.
If the problem is in the way the Valley makes money, it’s going to have to make money a different way. Maybe by trying something radical and new — like charging users for goods and services.
Parakilas: They’re going to have to change their business model quite dramatically. They say they want to make time well spent the focus of their product, but they have no incentive to do that, nor have they created a metric by which they would measure that. But if Facebook charged a subscription instead of relying on advertising, then people would use it less and Facebook would still make money. It would be equally profitable and more beneficial to society. In fact, if you charged users a few dollars a month, you would equal the revenue Facebook gets from advertising. It’s not inconceivable that a large percentage of their user base would be willing to pay a few dollars a month.
While we’re at it, where has the government been in all this?
Lanier: At the time Facebook was founded, the prevailing belief was that in the future there wouldn’t be paid people making movies and television, because armies of unpaid volunteers, organized through our networks, would make superior content, just like happened with Wikipedia. But what actually happened is when people started paying for Netflix, we got what we call Peak TV. Things got much better as a result of it being monetized to subscribers. So if we outlawed advertising and asked people to pay directly for things like Facebook, the only customer would be the user. There would no longer be third parties paying to influence you. We would also pay people who opt to provide their data, which would become a source of economic growth. In that situation, I think we would have a chance of achieving Peak Social Media. We might actually see things improve a great deal.
Stallman: We need a law. Fuck them — there’s no reason we should let them exist if the price is knowing everything about us. Let them disappear. They’re not important — our human rights are important. No company is so important that its existence justifies setting up a police state. And a police state is what we’re heading toward.
Duruk: The biggest existential problem for them would be regulation. Because it’s clear that nothing else will stop these companies from using their size and their technology to just keep growing. Without regulation, we’ll basically just be complaining constantly, and not much will change.
McNamee: Three things. First, there needs to be a law against bots and trolls impersonating other people. I’m not saying no bots. I’m just saying bots have to be really clearly marked. Second, there have to be strict age limits to protect children. And third, there has to be genuine liability for platforms when their algorithms fail. If Google can’t block the obviously phony story that the kids in Parkland were actors, they need to be held accountable.
Stallman: We need a law that requires every system to be designed in a way that achieves its basic goal with the least possible collection of data. Let’s say you want to ride in a car and pay for the ride. That doesn’t fundamentally require knowing who you are. So services which do that must be required by law to give you the option of paying cash, or using some other anonymous-payment system, without being identified. They should also have ways you can call for a ride without identifying yourself, without having to use a cell phone. Companies that won’t go along with this — well, they’re welcome to go out of business. Good riddance.
The scariest possibility is that nothing can be done — that the behemoths of the new internet are too rich, too powerful, and too addictive for anyone to fix.
McComas: I don’t think the existing platforms are going to change.
García: Look, I mean, advertising sucks, sure. But as the ad tech guys say, “We’re the people who pay for the internet.” It’s hard to imagine a different business model other than advertising for any consumer internet app that depends on network effects.
Pao: You have these people who have developed these wide-ranging problems, but they haven’t used their skill and their innovation and their giant teams and their huge coffers to solve them. What makes you think they’re going to change and care about these problems today?
Losse: I don’t see Facebook’s business being profoundly affected by this. It doesn’t matter what people say — they’ve come to consider the infrastructure as necessary to their lives, and they’re not leaving it.
If Silicon Valley’s problems are a result of bad decision-making, it might be time to look for better decision-makers. One place to start would be outside the homogeneous group currently in power.
Losse: When I was writing speeches for Mark Zuckerberg, I spent a lot of time thinking about what the pushback would be on his vision. For me, the obvious criticism is: Why should people give up their power to this bigger force, even if it’s doing all these positive things and connecting them to their friends? That was the hardest thing for Zuckerberg to get his head around, because he has been in control of this thing for so long, from the very beginning. If you’re Mark, you’d be thinking, What do they want? I did all this. I am in control of it. But it does seem like the combined weight of the criticism is starting to wear him thin.
Pao: I’ve urged Facebook to bring in people who are not part of a homogeneous majority to their executive team, to every product team, to every strategy discussion. The people who are there now clearly don’t understand the impact of their platforms and the nature of the problem. You need people who are living the problem to clarify the extent of it and help solve it.
Losse: At some point, they’re going to have to understand the full force of the critique they’re facing and respond to it directly.
*This article appears in the April 16, 2018, issue of New York Magazine. Subscribe Now!
To understand what went wrong — how the Silicon Valley dream of building a networked utopia turned into a globalized strip-mall casino overrun by pop-up ads and cyberbullies and Vladimir Putin — we spoke to more than a dozen architects of our digital present. If the tech industry likes to assume the trappings of a religion, complete with a quasi-messianic story of progress, the Church of Tech is now giving rise to a new sect of apostates, feverishly confessing their own sins. And the internet’s original sin, as these programmers and investors and CEOs make clear, was its business model.
Parakilas: In terms of design, companies like Facebook and Twitter have not prioritized features that would protect people against the most malicious cases of abuse. That’s in part because they have no liability when something goes wrong. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996, which was originally envisioned to protect free speech, effectively shields internet companies from the actions of third parties on their platforms. It enables them to not prioritize the features they need to build to protect users.
(In order of appearance.)
Jaron Lanier, virtual-reality pioneer. Founded first company to sell VR goggles; worked at Atari and Microsoft.
Antonio García Martínez, ad-tech entrepreneur. Helped create Facebook’s ad machine.
Ellen Pao, former CEO of Reddit. Filed major gender-discrimination lawsuit against VC firm Kleiner Perkins.
Can Duruk, programmer and tech writer. Served as project lead at Uber.
Kate Losse, Facebook employee No. 51. Served as Mark Zuckerberg’s speechwriter.
Tristan Harris, product designer. Wrote internal Google presentation about addictive and unethical design.
Rich “Lowtax” Kyanka, entrepreneur who founded influential message board Something Awful.
Ethan Zuckerman, MIT media scholar. Invented the pop-up ad.
Dan McComas, former product chief at Reddit. Founded community-based platform Imzy.
Sandy Parakilas, product manager at Uber. Ran privacy compliance for Facebook apps.
Guillaume Chaslot, AI researcher. Helped develop YouTube’s algorithmic recommendation system.
Roger McNamee, VC investor. Introduced Mark Zuckerberg to Sheryl Sandberg.
Richard Stallman, MIT programmer. Created legendary software GNU and Emacs.
“The web that many connected to years ago is not what new users will find today. The fact that power is concentrated among so few companies has made it possible to weaponize the web at scale.” —Tim Berners-Lee, creator of the World Wide Web
“We really believed in social experiences. We really believed in protecting privacy. But we were way too idealistic. We did not think enough about the abuse cases.” —Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer at Facebook
“Let’s build a comprehensive database of highly personal targeting info and sell secret ads with zero public scrutiny. What could go wrong?” —Pierre Omidyar, founder of eBay
“I don’t have a kid, but I have a nephew that I put some boundaries on. There are some things that I won’t allow; I don’t want them on a social network.” —Tim Cook, CEO of Apple
“It’s a social-validation feedback loop … exactly the kind of thing that a hacker like myself would come up with, because you’re exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology. The inventors, creators — it’s me, it’s Mark [Zuckerberg], it’s Kevin Systrom on Instagram, it’s all of these people — understood this consciously. And we did it anyway.” —Sean Parker, first president of Facebook
“I wake up in cold sweats every so often thinking, What did we bring to the world?” —Tony Fadell, Known as one of the“fathers of the iPod”
“The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops that we have created are destroying how society works. No civil discourse, no cooperation; misinformation, mistruth. This is not about Russians’ ads. This is a global problem.” —Chamath Palihapitiya, former VP of user growth at Facebook
“The government is going to have to be involved. You do it exactly the same way you regulated the cigarette industry. Technology has addictive qualities that we have to address, and product designers are working to make those products more addictive. We need to rein that back.” —Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce
Cookies (1994) The original surveillance tool of the internet. Developed by programmer Lou Montulli to eliminate the need for repeated log-ins, cookies also enabled third parties like Google to track users across the web. The risk of abuse was low, Montulli thought, because only a “large, publicly visible company” would have the capacity to make use of such data. The result: digital ads that follow you wherever you go online.
The Farmville vulnerability (2007) When Facebook opened up its social network to third-party developers, enabling them to build apps that users could share with their friends, it inadvertently opened the door a bit too wide. By tapping into user accounts, developers could download a wealth of personal data — which is exactly what a political-consulting firm called Cambridge Analytica did to 87 million Americans.
Algorithmic sorting (2006) It’s how the internet serves up what it thinks you want — automated calculations based on dozens of hidden metrics. Facebook’s News Feed uses it every time you hit refresh, and so does YouTube. It’s highly addictive — and it keeps users walled off in their own personalized loops. “When social media is designed primarily for engagement,” tweets Guillaume Chaslot, the engineer who designed YouTube’s algorithm, “it is not surprising that it hurts democracy and free speech.”
The “like” button (2009) Initially known as the “awesome” button, the icon was designed to unleash a wave of positivity online. But its addictive properties became so troubling that one of its creators, Leah Pearlman, has since renounced it. “Do you know that episode of Black Mirror where everyone is obsessed with likes?” she told Vice last year. “I suddenly felt terrified of becoming those people — as well as thinking I’d created that environment for everyone else.”
Pull-to-refresh (2009) Developed by software developer Loren Brichter for an iPhone app, the simple gesture — scrolling downward at the top of a feed to fetch more data — has become an endless, involuntary tic. “Pull-to-refresh is addictive,” Brichter told The Guardian last year. “I regret the downsides.”
Pop-up ads (1996) While working at an early blogging platform, Ethan Zuckerman came up with the now-ubiquitous tool for separating ads from content that advertisers might find objectionable. “I really did not mean to break the internet,” he told the podcast Reply All. “I really did not mean to bring this horrible thing into people’s lives. I really am extremely sorry about this.”
—Brian Feldman
Bill Gates’s glass-and-recycled-Douglas-fir estate, Xanadu 2.0, completed in 1997, took seven years and $63 million to build, and came stuffed with smart-home tech years ahead of its time. In his 1995 book The Road Ahead, Gates outlined his ambitions. “First thing, as you come in, you’ll be presented with an electronic pin to clip to your clothes,” wrote Gates. The pin connected visitors to the house and its myriad services, from lighting and temperature to what news program to show on the many TVs spread around the home. “As you walk down a hallway, you might not notice the lights ahead of you gradually coming up to full brightness and the lights behind you fading.”
Facebook still has all — or just some, if you’re lucky — of your personal data, but the platform is now down two pages associated with white supremacist Richard Spencer. The site, after an inquiry from Vice News, deleted a page for the National Policy Institute, as well as one for Altright.com, a website run by Spencer. Collectively, the two pages had about 14,000 followers as of Friday afternoon.
Mason Ramsey, the 11-year-old crooner who captured hearts and minds by singing in a Walmart, is already taking advantage of his newfound celebrity. Ramsey is headed to Coachella today, where he’ll perform with Whethan, who TMZ describes as an “up-and-coming DJ.” Yeah, an up-and-coming DJ riding the coattails of a sweet, yodeling child.
The duo is set to hit the stage with Ramsey at around 5:45 p.m. eastern time, and if you’d like, you can catch a pre-taped version on the livestream around 8:15 p.m.
Whethan tweeted about his stunning likeness earlier this month:
Post Malone is also reportedly trying to get Ramsey to collaborate during his set, but that’s tomorrow night, when Mason is scheduled to perform at the Grand Ole Opry.
Mark Zuckerberg, during his two days of congressional testimony, said Facebook does not allow hate groups on the platform. Which, well, LOL. Sure … in theory. “We do not allow hate groups on Facebook, overall. So if there’s a group that their primary purpose or a large part of what they do is spreading hate, we will ban them from the platform overall,” Zuckerberg said during his testimony. Following this testimony, Vice uncovered several hate groups on Facebook, including the two affiliated with Spencer. Facebook has also since deleted a page for the Nationalist Initiative.
From Vice:
In November 2017, Spencer’s Twitter account lost its verified status. His check mark was deleted along with those of white supremacist Jason Kessler, organizer of the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, and Laura Loomer.
Broad Band author Claire L. Evans will appear in conversation with Jaime Levy and Stacy Horn, the founder of EchoNYC, an early social network, at the New Museum on Thursday, April 19, at 7 p.m., presented by Rhizome.org. For more info and tickets, click here.
Corey “sells the method.” He got the idea from a book called The Laptop Millionaire, which describes “a guy’s journey from being basically homeless to making money online. One of the things he talks about is making ‘information products.’” Hence Fiverr Success: $4,000 a Month, 8 Hours of Work a Week by Corey Ferreira was born, selling “hundreds” of copies.
I found Corey through his website, makefiverrmoney.com, which was a marketing vehicle for his e-book. Many buyers were full-time Fiverrers in places like the Philippines or India, where $5 went a lot further, he said. The e-book cost $17. For $50 more, Corey would throw in 100 gig ideas, 30 prerecorded video lessons, an audiobook, and an audio recording of a “webinar.” Betting on the empathic bond of our common forename, I emailed Corey to request a Skype chat. He agreed. Then I persuaded him to reveal his secrets for free.
I felt Corey had let me in on some oracular wisdom. Don’t dig for gold: Sell shovels to all the suckers who think they’ll get rich digging for gold. Selling shovels wasn’t the only way to make money in tech, but it was … the Silicon Valley way.
The book marked a transition for Corey, as he spent less time doing labor-intensive web design and more time searching for the cold fusion of internet marketing: “passive income.” This was shorthand for a variety of techniques whereby one could generate wealth while sitting around doing nothing. “It comes to a point where trading your time for money — it’s limiting, you know?” Corey said. Oh, I knew.
My afternoon email arrived with a warm invitation to get in on the big grift.
For a business incompetent such as myself, this concept of selling a method, rather than a straightforward product or service, was revelatory. I understood this lesson as an extension of that old saying about teaching a man to fish instead of just giving him a fish. Now the idea was: You made him pay for fishing lessons, offering student loans if necessary, and failed to mention that you had already depleted the pool. This was a smart business! In a late capitalist society with dwindling opportunities for cash-poor workers and few checks on entrepreneurial conduct, what could be better to sell than false hope? So many hungered for it.
Aron looked young, but he was older than I am. His photo showed him avoiding eye contact with the camera and wearing a straight-brimmed fedora, a fashion accessory associated with a certain type of charmless chauvinist techie. Aron also expressed an enthusiasm for bitcoin. I decided to hold none of this against him. He had already shown impeccable taste in potential co-founders. I wrote back.
It was a strange note. I was cautious. But I was also curious. I did some quick research on Aron. His LinkedIn résumé claimed he had worked for Israeli Army intelligence unit 8200, which is that country’s version of the National Security Agency — a sophisticated, secretive, and ambitious electronic surveillance organization that happens to produce a lot of tech entrepreneurs.
Aron was quick to respond. He said he had previously co-founded “a company for value added services for the mobile industry,” whatever that meant, only to fall in with “a bad person” who suckered him into some fraud. After the sob story, he got back to business.
Aha! Here was a sign that Aron had some real experience running a tech company: He didn’t want to pay his workers. I clicked on another website I found registered to Aron, this one Bulgarian. It filled my screen with noisy, flashing pop-up ads. BECOME A SELF-MADE MILLIONAIRE, one ad said. THIS IS YOUR PERSONAL INVITATION TO EARN YOU TO [sic] $1,620.90 DAILY WITH VERIFIABLE AND UNDENIABLE PROOF! They had my attention.
The site boasted several videotaped testimonials, which all started playing at once. These newly minted millionaires were so excited they were talking over one another. “Hello … I’m a self-made millionaire.” “I am a self-made millionaire.” “I’ve been using AlgoPrime for, I think, seven months now and I’m a freaking self-made millionaire …” As the din of testimonials subsided, one voice continued speaking. It belonged to a man who claimed to be the inventor of this online moneymaking miracle. He said he had built a powerful trading program for some hedge-fund billionaires, who promptly fired him. In revenge for this treachery, he was taking his secret and giving it away … But I would never find out what happened next, because I accidentally closed the window on my computer.
The ghost in the machine was looking out for me that day, because my web browser immediately served up another, very similar pitch. This one, too, opened with a series of video testimonials. “Last year I was broke, and lost my house. By 2014, I became a millionaire,” one person said. But how? The pitch continued with faceless narration from a polished, reassuring male voice.
“Congratulations, you are about to become a millionaire, too,” he said. “All you need to do is click your mouse a few times.” The appeal was indisputable. I was already spending a lot of time clicking. I might as well get paid for it. “You can join our secret Millionaires Society today, for free. Yes, free. One hundred percent free. No catch … Look around you, there’s no Buy Now button anywhere.”
Brad also wanted me to understand that he was different.“I’m not your average jerk millionaire,” he promised. He was relatable.
“Apart from being a multi-millionaire, I’m a member of a small, secret club called the Millionaires Society,” he went on.
There was a surreal quality to this semi-voluntary online advertising experience. How had I come to this place? What time was it? Was Brad a real person? Or a Fiverr actor? He swore up and down that he hadn’t hijacked my web browser in order to dupe me into some kind of scam. His secret society’s system was “one hundred percent legal and ethical,” he said. “Our software works. We have nothing to hide.” He kept repeating that: “We have nothing to hide.” Then why was it a secret society? The pitch moved so relentlessly it was impossible to hold on to such thoughts.
I looked around the screen. So far, this guy was telling the truth.
Brad proceeded to deliver a fast-paced demonstration of the Millionaires Society software. “I followed a few simple steps, put two hundred fifty dollars into an account … Now look at what happens. Within minutes, we went from two fifty to five thousand three sixty-five — in just the time I’ve been talking to you,” he said. “It’s that easy.” I wasn’t sure what had happened, but Brad sounded convincing —and he had spreadsheets. “Now, let me be honest with you: Somebody who really cares about you invited you to this membership club,” Brad said. How thoughtful! Perhaps it was Aron.
Now that we had established an emotional bond, Brad got to the point. “Remember when I told you that you could join for free? Well, I lied. It’ll cost you 50,000 dollars,” he said. Oh.
That meager $50,000 investment would quickly pay off, Brad assured. Before I knew it, I would quickly be matching his earnings of $300,000 per month. The Millionaires Society software was so powerful that “traders from some of the biggest banks in the USA” had once sought to buy it for their own exclusive use. But Brad had turned them down. “This is just too powerful to let it slip into the hands of the wrong people,” he said. I couldn’t agree more. Rich people simply could not be trusted with money.
I felt I had gotten closer to solving the mystery of how Aron lost his fortune. I typed “Is the Millionaires Society a scam?” into Google and clicked the search button. A few happy customers said no. But many more told me yes, the Millionaires Society was a scam — and that I should try their secret moneymaking system instead. I rebuffed Aron somewhat sternly and he slunk away for good. Whether or not his partnership offer was made in earnest, he’d clearly been involved with at least one online scam. I was not inclined to pity him. Any scam that depended on the greed of its victims also made them accomplices. Aron’s transparent greed revealed his culpability. If, however, as I suspected, his business proposal was merely another ruse — albeit a more elaborate and sophisticated one than the Millionaires Society — then there was actually something compelling about it. For if a chintzy fraudster like Aron could win and lose a small fortune with only an internet connection and an arsenal of psychological tricks, there was no limit to what a powerful corporation might be able to do, given enough budget, ambition, and manipulative technique.
With that thought still rattling in my mind, I went out to a techie happy hour, where I met Cyrus and Joe, two guys a few years out of college who worked together in the lower ranks of a tech marketing company in the Financial District. They weren’t exactly plugged in to the glamorous side of the business. Their job was “lead generation” — which, as they explained it, meant building lists of email addresses for other companies to spam with bad deals, such as offers of student loans for worthless for-profit universities.
“My bosses are so bitter,” Joe said. “My vice-president said, ‘If you understand the drug industry, you understand the tech industry.’ It’s a hustle. You’ve got to figure out how to convince people they want what you’ve got.”
Cyrus corrected Joe’s memory: “He said, ‘Internet marketing is like selling crack to children.’”
“That’s right,” Joe said, nodding.
Pushing drugs sounded even more profitable than selling shovels.
My new friends were not merely repeating their bosses’ contemptuous catchphrase — they were describing an explicit strategy tech companies used to attract and retain customers. Their job was about more than just identifying potential customers to inundate with offers. It also involved combining sophisticated psychological manipulation techniques with the massive scale and semiautomated targeting enabled by computerization.
I got a deeper look at these methods when I dropped by the annual Startup Conference at the historic downtown Fox Theater in Redwood City. Inside the auditorium, Stanford grad and start-up founder Nir Eyal captivated a crowd of several hundred with a distillation of his book Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products, which promised to give marketers the key to the unconscious mind.
“It all comes from the work of B.F. Skinner,” Eyal said.Skinner, best known for his operant conditioning experiments on animals, denied the existence of free will and human dignity, once writing, “The real question is not whether machines think but whether men do.” Skinner’s monstrous theories inspired Anthony Burgess to write the horrifying scenes of psychological torture in A Clockwork Orange. Here, however, Skinner was a hero. With creative applications of the latest research in neuroscience and behavior as well as evolutionary psychology, start-up marketers could make users respond as predictably as lab rats. “What we now know is that the nucleus accumbens does not stimulate pleasure per se,” Eyal said, referring to a particular region of the brain. The key, he went on, was to trigger “the stress of desire” and then to capitalize upon “the anticipation of the reward.” This tension “is endemic to all sorts of habit-forming technologies,” he said — especially Facebook. Zuckerberg’s titanic offspring had already made news for running a secret scientific experiment that manipulated users’ emotions through the selective editing of material that appeared on their “News Feeds,” and would soon face congressional hearings for its role in spreading foreign propaganda in the 2016 elections. But the Startup Conference crowd had no inclination to dwell upon the nightmarish possibilities of these methods. Their concerns were pedestrian and practical.
Eyal presented several categories of virtual tchotchkes companies might offer in exchange for people’s money or attention. One category he called “rewards of the tribe,” which he described as “things that feel good, have an element of variability, and come from other people” — like Likes. Another category: “rewards of the hunt,” which involved “the search for resources” such as food. “In our modern society, we buy these things with money,” Eyal said. The addictive power of slot machines offered one example of how marketers could manipulate people’s animal instincts. Video-game companies like Zynga had taken those Pavlovian processes to a new level, bringing players to the peak of excitement and then hitting them up for cash, which is sort of like a mystery movie that pauses itself mid-plot-twist and demands that you insert a coin.
I wasn’t qualified to judge the neuroscientific basis of Eyal’s pitch, but pop-sci of this sort sent my bullshit detector whooping like a Klaxon. Whether or not his theories worked, it was disturbing to hear such an eagerness to exploit human behavioral tics for the sake of profit. Was this how Silicon Valley intended to make the world a better place? Was there anyone they wouldn’t empower with these manipulative tools, for the right price?
“There’s one more thing I’d like to discuss: the morality of manipulation,” Eyal went on. “I know what that nervous laughter is about … I know some of you were thinking, ‘Is this kosher?’ If you had that response, bravo.” Eyal conceded that digital gadgets may be “the cigarettes of this century,” but said he was optimistic that these addictive products could be used for “good” and to “help people live healthier, happier, more productive” lives.
Eyal wrapped up with a slide of Mahatma Gandhi, although El Chapo might’ve been a better choice. “I encourage you to build the change you wish to see in the world,” he concluded, then basked in applause.
I’d seen the obsequious behavior of the tech press at the Startup Conference. A panel of experienced reporters and editors dutifully took the stage and told a roomful of founders and investors how to better promote their start-ups. It should have occurred to them that giving such advice was not the job of a journalist. It was the job of a publicist. Out in the hall during a break, I met one of the panelists, a former Wall Street Journal reporter who’d gone on to edit CNET, a large and well-established tech site owned by CBS Interactive. In the course of our conversation, I made a critical remark about Facebook’s manipulation of users’ News Feeds. He responded with the company line, a fine example of the sort of circular reasoning that eliminated the need for moral judgment. “Facebook is a reflection of what you see on the internet,” he said, “so if you don’t like what you see on Facebook, it’s your own damn fault.” I knew that his argument was bogus — Facebook’s story-selection algorithms came with the biases of the engineers who designed them built in. But in the mind of this high-level tech journalist, there was no reason to doubt Facebook’s assertion of political neutrality, or question how the unexamined race, class, and gender biases of its designers might have influenced the decisions they made as programmers, and thus the daily media intake of billions of users.
At times, examples were made of those who departed from the script. This rarely took nudging by the industry — like overzealous hall monitors, the tech press policed their own. I met tech reporters who regarded sharp critics such as Evgeny Morozov as “cheap” and “nasty,” practically spitting his name. Anything but cheerleading was grounds for suspicion. Every moderately skeptical tech reporter I met had a private stockpile of anecdotes about company press reps threatening his or her editors — sometimes subtly, other times brazenly — with retaliation after receiving even slightly critical coverage. The publicists would often demand the assignment of reporters known to be more pliable. Or else they’d threaten to blacklist the publication. This kind of thing did happen in other areas of journalism. The difference was that in the tech press, it was not seen as a scandalous breach of ethics, but rather accepted as the way of the world. Since I’d written a number of censorious articles about the industry over the years, I feared people in Silicon Valley might not want to talk to me. But I was only flattering myself, for I had never drawn blood. Besides, very few techies were avid readers. A surprising number barely followed the news about the companies that employed them.
But when a powerful person in the Valley seriously resented his own press coverage, the offending writers would be made to pay. Never was this made clearer than with Hulk Hogan’s successful privacy lawsuit against Gawker Media in the spring of 2016, infamously bankrolled in secret by the billionaire VC Peter Thiel, who regarded Gawker as a “terrorist” organization. Although the East Coast press saw Thiel’s subterfuge for what it was — an attack on free speech — Valley players and even some in the tech press rallied behind Thiel, believing, as his fellow billionaire VC Vinod Khosla put it, that disfavored “journalists need to be taught lessons.” It worked. After Gawker filed for bankruptcy, a larger corporate media property, Fusion, bought its assets and immediately shut down the flagship site, Gawker.com, for fear of further legal harassment.
As impoverished and self-serving as it was, Eyal’s lecture was the first and perhaps only time I heard the word “morality” emerge from the mouth of a Silicon Valley stage speaker. Most people in the industry were convinced that their work was moral because it increased consumer choice and therefore freedom. New technologies were evidence of progress and therefore innately good. And any criticism of the industry’s practices or motives therefore threatened freedom and progress. Nowhere were these attitudes plainer than in the industry’s propaganda apparatus known as the tech press.
The tech press has come to occupy a strange place, for its function is more than symbiotic — it is integral to the industry. As all forms of media and commerce are gradually digitized, every manner of company aspires to become, in one sense or another, a tech company. And in Silicon Valley’s current iteration as an internet-focused start-up creation machine, these companies are fueled by the same basic resource: “eyeballs.” The fate and fortune of tech as an industry now relies on the vagaries of the human attention span. Advertising is everything.
When a tech company captures an audience, it gets more than the opportunity to sell products and ideas. It also harvests the discretely quantified and collated bits of individual user data that people hand over, wittingly and unwittingly, as they stare at their computer and smartphone screens. As valuable as this information is for what it reveals about individual consumer habits and preferences, it’s even more precious in the aggregate, as so-called big data, which can be used to predict political shifts, market trends, and even the public mood. Who knows, wins, as the old military adage goes — and this is equally true in the world of business. Watch the video, click the link, fill out the form — this is the labor that tech companies turn into profits. The people who carry out this labor consider themselves customers, but they are also uncompensated workers. The process whereby eyeballs get turned into money is mysterious, but not totally opaque — just discouragingly complicated and boring.
I spent two dismal days popping in and out of sessions at the Ad:Tech conference trying to get a better handle on this process. The conference, at the Moscone Center in downtown San Francisco, was a sprawling affair attended by thousands of smiling sharks from all corners of the advertising industry. In the expo hall, vendors peddling unregulated dietary supplements competed with dodgy exhibitors promising to “buy and deliver” web traffic. Without rampant, unchecked fraud, I came to realize, the entire digital media business would collapse.
Fraud was the hot topic that year because digital ad buyers were starting to wise up. More than two decades after the arrival of the commercialized web, a trade group finally funded a proper scientific study on the problem of online ad fraud. The study found, among other things, that marketers were losing $6.3 billion a year to various forms of fraud, much of it staged by organized criminal networks. In outline, such scams allow fraudsters to siphon the fat from corporate ad budgets by employing bots that pose as genuine consumers to click on ads. The crooks are able to grab a piece of the money advertisers are paying out because online publishers — that is, people who run websites on which the ads appear — receive a cut of the money paid to online ad sellers by the companies that buy ads. The crooks are even able to redirect ad revenue from legitimate publishers to their own fraudulent sites through a process known as “injection,” or to generate bogus clicks by hijacking users’ browsers with automated hacking tools. Several experts at the conference told me the study lowballed its multi-billion-dollar estimate of industrywide fraud losses, and that the real figure was multiples higher.
The mechanics of the fraud are complex and technical, but it boils down to this: Companies that place online ads think they are paying based on how many potential customers will see their messages, but the ads are ineffective in actually reaching consumers. Companies in fact frequently pay for ads that are “seen” only by automated computer programs known as bots, or by low-wage workers toiling in offshore “click farms.” The bots and click-serfs drive up costs for advertisers by faking “impressions” on their online campaigns — meaning that any time an ad is recorded as being seen or clicked on, Google, Facebook, or whoever sold the ad charges the client.
While everyone at the conference was eager to talk about fraud, few were willing to discuss its implications. That’s because the profits from fraud widely benefit both of Ad:Tech’s namesake industries. If online ad fraud is as prevalent as I heard at Ad:Tech, it follows that the overall revenues of the dominant ad-based internet companies — chiefly Google and Facebook — are significantly inflated by bogus transactions. And that’s a big deal for the stock markets as a whole. A few percentage points could be the difference between a profitable quarter and a confidence-destroying slowdown in growth. There is no suggestion that either Google or Facebook is actively engaged in bot fraud or other deceptive practices, and both companies do a certain amount to police illicit use of their platforms. However, it is not in the interests of the tech companies or their investors or their business partners to aggressively police unlawful and deceptive advertising practices, which were not limited to bot fraud but also manifested as online scams like the Millionaires Society and even more nefarious enterprises. The discovery in 2017 of mind-warping child-abuse videos with millions of recorded views — real or not — on YouTube Kids seemed to be a low point. Google promised to address the problem. However, the pandemic spread of gross-out bargain-basement web ads demonstrates how dependent online media businesses are on dodgy gray- and black-market operators. “If you clean all of the bots off your platform, your click-through rates are going to drop,” says Michael Tiffany, chief executive of the White Ops security agency, which led the ad agencies’ fraud study. What this meant was simple: “Your numbers will go down.”
And if there’s anything corporate culture cannot tolerate, it’s numbers that go down.
“It’s all about getting the chart that goes up,” a disaffected social-media marketing expert told me over drinks. “There’s a whole industry devoted to making charts that go up.” To illustrate his point, he pointed me to The Guardian newspaper’s now-defunct “partner zones” program, which afforded large institutional advertisers the opportunity to pay massive sums to the newspaper in exchange for the right to post promotional “news” stories on its website — a form of “sponsored content,” in the industry’s parlance. To create the all-important “chart that goes up,” the clients would then pay Facebook to generate traffic to their advertorials. Ostensibly this traffic came through “organically” promoted links targeting genuine potential customers who are so enchanted by the serendipitous appearance of an online advertorial that speaks to their personal desires that they make a conscious choice to click, read, like, and share — or so the story goes. However, the expert, who was a friend of mine, had noticed that a suspiciously high percentage of the paid traffic came from far-flung, low-wage countries such as Bhutan. So the new model supporting digital media was for floundering corporations to pay to place stories about how awesome they were, which publishers would then promote by buying phantom readers. “Then the advertisers can go to the boss and say, ‘Look, we got an article in the Guardian,’” my friend the marketing cynic said. Those phony measures of success supplied fodder for still more charts that went up — these ones for internal consumption, and used to justify the marketing-department budget to higher-ups.
But wasn’t it obvious that nobody was really reading all that crap online? “There’s nobody more gullible than a marketer chasing a trend,” he said. And no one cared about the truth so long as the charts kept going up.
In other words, online advertising — the basis for the attention economy that fueled all speculative investment in digital media, from giants like Google on down to low-rent email marketers — was a racket.
“Fiverr is like the new eBay,” Corey said. “I remember when eBay started. I was kinda young. I was already making money then. Everybody was talking about how to make money on eBay. I remember somebody telling me, ‘During a gold rush, you should sell shovels.’ That’s kinda what I do with Fiverr,” he said.
*Adapted from Live Work Work Work Die: A Journey Into the Savage Heart of Silicon Valley (Metropolitan Books), available April 24.
The tech industry is going through a difficult moment. It’s facing issues ranging from data privacy to information abuse to monopoly. Where do you see the roots of these issues? Like, what’s the poisoned well here, so to speak? I think it’s two things. One is the idealistic view of the internet, the idea that this is the great place to share information, to connect with other people, to find like-minded people who might share your ideas and might be able to help you form communities around different ideas, especially ones where it might be harder to find people who might share those ideas, and to bring them out into the open, into the public.
You can find other interviews from this series here.
Good morning, New York. It is, in case you somehow haven’t noticed, raining. Hard. Cats and dogs and lions and tigers and bears and the rest of the animal kingdom. It is raining so hard that our usually very efficient and well-run subway system has begun to flood in various locations.
Many props to this unknown hero who proceeded to eat breakfast on his commute despite the fact that is was … raining inside the train.
Music was similarly able to follow visitors. “It will seem to be everywhere,” wrote Gates, “although, in fact, other people in the house will be hearing entirely different music or nothing at all.” Servers running Windows NT kept hundreds of thousands of pieces of artwork to be thrown onto built-in high-definition monitors concealed behind wooden panels, personalized to each visitor. “It will seem to you as if the photographs are displayed everywhere, although actually the images will materialize on the walls of rooms just before you walk in and vanish after you leave.”
Gates, of course, wasn’t the first to come up with the idea of a home that anticipates your needs and wants; he was just one of the first to have the cash and technophilia to make it into a reality. Ray Bradbury’s 1950 short story “There Will Come Soft Rains” had a cheery smart home puttering along making eggs and bacon for a family vaporized in a nuclear blast. Various automated concept homes percolated in the ’50s and ’60s, from Ford’s “1999 AD” home to Monsanto’s all-plastic, vaguely fungal “House of the Future.” In the 1970s, the X10 protocol was the first commercial standard to make those dream homes real, using the electrical wiring in a home to control lights and various home appliances for a niche customer base. In the 1980s, Oregon inventor Frances Gabe gained fame for her “self-cleaning home,” which used spray nozzles and air jets to turn her home into something like a livable washing machine. Even that ’90s infomercial hit the Clapper, seen through a certain lens, was just another smart-home gadget, allowing you to turn out the lights without getting out of bed. (Unlike many smart-lighting options, you didn’t even need to pull out a smartphone to use it.)
But what are we really dreaming of when we envision a smart home? For companies in the business of selling gadgets and appliances to you, the pitch is that a smart home will amplify what’s already pleasurable about being at home, and eliminate what’s onerous. For the potential smart-home customer, there’s the lure of a home that extends control and outsources some of the drudgery of maintaining a household, whether that’s vacuuming or remembering to turn off the lights.
Smart homes have been a wave that many have spent decades waiting to catch. The National Association of Home Builders formed its “Smart House” group in 1984. (It also tried and failed to get the term cybertecture into the lexicon.) Companies have risen and fallen waiting for smart homes to become anything close to mainstream. But in the last five years, smart homes have shifted from being purely the province of wealthy tech dorks to something an average homeowner or renter might consider.
You can chalk it up to a confluence of three things. Moore’s law has worked its usual logic on the price of processors and Bluetooth and Wi-Fi antennas, and anything that can be connected has been (even if the use case for, say, a Wi-Fi-enabled egg tray is hard to envision). The surprise success of Amazon’s Echo smart speaker and its imitators has made voice control in the home cheap and easy to implement. And continuing consolidation has allowed companies to start to bring more and more offerings under one ecosystem, whether that’s Google acquiring smart-home thermostat company Nest, Samsung snapping up SmartThings, or Amazon buying smart-doorbell manufacturer Ring.
There are still major barriers for widespread smart-home adoption to take place. Security is shaping up to be a headache, with connected devices often containing gaping security holes. Privacy will be a concern; a smart home that can track you and your family throws off a gut-churning amount of data, with little promise that manufacturers will secure that information (or, as happened with smart TVs a few years ago, won’t actively sell data to third parties to make a little extra income on the side). And at the most pragmatic level, the smart-home market remains a jumble of competing protocols, a polyglot cacophony that no one company or consortium seems likely to tame in the near future.
“A decade from now,” wrote Gates in 1995, “access to the millions of images and all the other entertainment opportunities I’ve described will be available in many homes and will certainly be more impressive than those I’ll have when I move into my house in late 1996. My house will just be getting some of the services a little sooner.” Gates may have gotten the timing a bit off, but the world is finally starting to catch up.
It cost hundreds of thousands of dollars for the servers and monitors alone, and much, much more to make everything work — of the 300 construction workers who labored on Gates’s home, 100 were electricians. Twenty years later, a $99 SmartThings hub and motion sensors, some smart light bulbs, a Nest thermostat, and a few Sonos speakers can replicate much of what Gates built, even if your own home lacks a domed library with a copy of da Vinci’s Codex Leicester.
But these barriers aren’t insurmountable. A global smart-home market that analysts estimate could be worth $107 billion by 2023 exerts pressure on all players to get their collective shit together. Consumers — whether seeking security, comfort, or convenience — will be lured in by low-cost entry points that are rapidly becoming simpler and easier to install. The twin forces of companies eager to make money and customers always eager to make their lives a bit easier will continue to advance the smart home closer to mass adoption.
Thank you to Ellie Sunakawa at BuzzFeed, Jeremy Barr at Politico, and Josh Guild for bravely taking their hands out of their dry pockets to document these scenes. Best of luck with the rest of your subway travel today and remember that when this storm passes and April is over, you have an entire summer of sweating it out on overcrowded trains — potentially without lights or air-conditioning — to look forward to.
Jaron Lanier: Can I just say one thing now, just to be very clear? Professionally, I’m at Microsoft, but when I speak to you, I’m not representing Microsoft at all. There’s not even the slightest hint that this represents any official Microsoft thing. I have an agreement within which I’m able to be an independent public intellectual, even if it means criticizing them. I just want to be very clear that this isn’t a Microsoft position.
Despite the hype and media attention, last week’s congressional hearings regarding Facebook were, ultimately, not very enlightening. Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he was sorry; he promised to do better; and he stalled and dodged his way out of saying anything truly newsworthy. To some extent, this is a function of legislators’ ignorance; to some extent a function of Zuckerberg’s ellipticity. But the core problem with the hearings wasn’t aging senators or a mute CEO. It was Facebook itself.
When Lindsey Graham asked Zuckerberg to name a competitor, Zuckerberg declined to even try. This might be because he didn’t want to give a competitor free advertising, but the more apt reason is that Facebook is a tangled mess of hundreds of different products — a phone book, a publishing platform, a video host, an advertising tracker, a messaging service, an algorithmically curated feed of personalized information. Many companies do some of what Facebook does; no company does all of what Facebook does. The company has too much going on, and that led to hours of unfocused questioning.
What’s important to understand is that this comprehension-defying size is not, exactly, an accident. Facebook profits from this confusion and ignorance. It benefits from users and regulators not understanding its service.
I can think of only one other industry in which the business model benefits from users not understanding what they’ve signed up for: finance. Banks don’t make money when people are able to manage their finances appropriately. They make money when people screw up. They make money from overdraft fees and maintenance fees and ATM fees. They make money from credit cards with high interest rates. They make money from predatory lending practices. The business model of payday lenders is designed to ensure that users can never really escape the cycle of debt.
I am not ascribing motive here. I am not saying that Mark Zuckerberg and his cohort intentionally designed a scheme to trick users into handing over tons of personal data for the purposes of ad targeting. But Mark Zuckerberg recently referred to himself as a “power user of the internet” who understands best practices when it comes to privacy; the reality is that Facebook is committed to attracting users around the world who don’t understand the internet. One can assume that the vast majority of Facebook’s 2 billion users are not “power users,” and that their grasp on privacy issues is not as comprehensive as Zuckerberg’s. Facebook’s global strategy is to make free communications technology available to users who are not tech-literate. This is ostensibly for the betterment of humankind. There is also, consequently, a financial upside when those users do not understand or care about Facebook’s privacy practices.
Facebook’s ad system works by targeting you based on data that Facebook has about you — age, race, gender, interests, social ties, location, etc. Facebook collects this info from you directly (things you upload and post), but also by tracking data that you don’t actively supply. It collects your location whenever you open the app, using your phone’s GPS capability. Android users had their contacts and call histories continually uploaded to Facebook because they opted in just once. Its browser-tracking technology builds profiles on people who don’t even use Facebook. This data makes up the core of Facebook’s proposition to advertisers, and it is most easily and efficiently collected when users don’t maintain a tight grip on their privacy controls. Put simply, Facebook is more profitable when users do not understand how it works.
This is Facebook’s business model. Users agree to terms they don’t understand, tracking methods that are often invisible and constantly changing, and then are expected to take it quietly rather than complain. “Well, you signed up for it.”
Facebook is now facing a reputational crisis similar to the big banks. Zuckerberg’s company isn’t in financial trouble, but it is clearly not fair or just either. I don’t need a degree in economics to know that the financial industry is full of unsavory practices that hurt the average consumer, the same way that I don’t need to understand the technical underpinnings of Facebook’s complicated black box to know that the business strategy is fundamentally flawed. Just like Wall Street, Facebook profits from the cluelessness of its most vulnerable customers.
Facebook is simply too large to explain. It has too many different functions and systems and controversies for Congress to pick apart in the five-minute segments allocated to each member for questioning. Zuckerberg had to veer from explaining Cambridge Analytica to explaining Russian meddling, to demurring on content moderation and Diamond and Silk, to denying knowledge of “shadow profiles,” and on and on.
Welcome to Home, Smart Home, a new pop-up blog by New York Magazine’s Select All focusing on all the ways people live in the increasingly connected physical world around them.
Tesla factories are not as safe for employees as Tesla would have you believe, according to a report from RevealNews.org, a nonprofit news operation based out of the Bay Area. The company reportedly misreported injuries at its factory in Fremont, California, to make things seem better than they actually are. “Company officials labeled toxic exposures, muscle strains and repetitive stress injuries as personal medical issues or minor accidents requiring only first aid, lowering its official injury count.”
So, welcome and make yourself at home! We’re new here, but we learn quickly. As you enter the blog, you’ll notice the lights turn on. Your home is secure, your pets are doing well, and the temperature is optimized to be both comfortable and energy efficient. The fridge is fully stocked and your calendar is up-to-date. Let us know if you need anything, though we’ll try to use your data to predict that in advance.
For the next two months, we’ll be exploring the ways humans are learning to interact with computers in places where they previously weren’t. There will be reviews, guides, and explainers to setting up your “home of the future” for novice and expert alike. We’ll have essays on the myriad experiences of living within the “internet of things,” stories about accessibility, artificial intelligence, data, privacy — and, of course, pet cams. And we’re going to try experimenting with some new products. Like a group of people sitting around a table interrogating a recently unboxed Amazon Echo, let’s see what these things can do.
Among the more baffling details in the report are several sections about how Elon Musk’s personal tastes appear to have affected the factory’s safety for the worse, “his preferences … were well known and led to cutting back on those standard safety signals.” Musk, apparently, really hates the color yellow. So instead of using the aforementioned hue, lane lines on the factory floor are painted in shades of gray. (Tesla denies this and sent Reveal photos of “rails and posts” painted yellow in the factory.) He also is not into having “too many signs” or the beeping sound forklifts make in reverse. All things that would seem, uh, important to keeping staff safe. “It’s just a matter of time before somebody gets killed,” a former safety lead said of the conditions in the factory. One employee attempted to call attention to these problems before eventually resigning:
Tesla, in a post on the company blog, denies all of the allegations in the report. “The writers at Reveal have published an article that paints a completely false picture of Tesla and what it is actually like to work here. In our view, what they portray as investigative journalism is in fact an ideologically motivated attack by an extremist organization working directly with union supporters to create a calculated disinformation campaign against Tesla.” Reveal’s story says many of its sources were not involved with ongoing unionization efforts.
Scrambling to deflate a privacy scandal, Facebook has quietly shelved an Amazon Echo–like home speaker it had been planning to release in May, Bloomberg reported last month. The company decided that now might not be the right time to ask to be invited into your living room. The unsaid reasoning: It’s one thing to give your data up to a tech company; it’s another to let one of its devices listen in on you all the time.
Last August, Wired reported on a security researcher who found a way to turn pre-2017 Amazon Echo devices into an always-on bug that sends everything it hears to a remote server of the hacker’s choosing. The attack requires the hacker to handle the device in person — it can’t be done remotely — and while new devices aren’t susceptible to the attack, old ones are still vulnerable.
None of the three smart speaker companies is a complete privacy disaster, but none is perfect, either. If privacy and security are your priority and you’re willing to pay $349 for a speaker, HomePod should be your choice. If you’re willing to give up more information about yourself to companies (which likely already know a lot about you) in return for a smarter AI assistant, then the Echo or the Home is best, depending on which company’s services you interact with more. Or you can go the secure route and keep the devices out of your home entirely. You’ll laugh when they all get hacked.
Apple, for its part, likes to say that it’s not interested in its users’ data the way its competitors are — instead, its main business is selling devices and cloud services.
And in October, Artem Russakovskii, a writer for the website Android Police, was given a defective preview version of a Google Home Mini that activated itself thousands of times a day, recording what it heard and sending it to Google for processing. Google said the devices it sold to the general public did not have the same defect.
Both of these problems have been resolved, but they’re a reminder that device-makers aren’t infallible. Anything connected to the internet can — and probably will — be hacked at some point. If it’s just a gimmicky “smart” coffee maker, maybe the worst that’ll happen is that a hacker will scorch your morning brew. But a home speaker, with its internet-connected microphone, is much more tempting. If its manufacturer makes even the smallest security mistake, someone will probably find and exploit it.
For now, three other companies’ home speakers rule the market. None of them is free of privacy pitfalls, either — that’s a given when you bring home an internet-connected microphone attached to a computer and a speaker — but one of the three does stand out when it comes to privacy and security.
Understanding why that is, and how the three companies’ home speakers deal with your data differently, requires taking a close look at what happens to a spoken request, from the moment it leaves your lips to the instant it’s deleted from a faraway server — if it’s ever deleted at all. It also demands a little bit of business voodoo to guess at what the companies are eventually going to do with all that data they’re collecting.
This in-depth knowledge makes Google’s Assistant really useful, allowing it to dip into the information it has on file to complete your requests. (Amazon’s Alexa, too, can connect to Google services like Calendar to gain similar capabilities.) But the convenience comes with a privacy trade-off.
Google and Amazon keep a running tab of everything you’ve asked your home speaker. When you interact with a speaker by saying its wake word — “Okay, Google” or “Alexa” — and asking it a question, it sends a recording of your voice to its servers for processing. All three of the companies encrypt this recording, both in transit (as it moves through the internet), and at rest (on a server rack somewhere). Google and Amazon tie your recordings to your identity, but Apple doesn’t — more on this later.
What this means is that all of Amazon’s and Google’s data about you is neatly tied up with a bow, all associated with your user account. See for yourself: Google’s “My Activity” page lets you play back recordings of everything you’ve ever said to Google Assistant; here’s how to access Amazon’s equivalent. You can delete the recordings, which the companies would otherwise keep forever, but they warn that doing so might make their devices worse at understanding you.
This trove of data is what makes Google’s and Amazon’s speakers into useful tools. But it also means that someone looking for a lot of information about a person — like the authorities, for example — can find it all in one place.
Last year, a prosecutor in Arkansas asked Amazon for access to voice recordings from an Amazon Echo that belonged to a murder suspect. Only commands that follow Echo’s wake phrase, “Alexa,” are sent to Amazon’s servers, but the devices are known for accidentally waking up when they hear something that sounds like the wake phrase (like, say, “A Tesla!”). The company originally pushed back against the prosecutors’ request, but the defendant eventually gave his permission for Amazon to turn over the recordings. The Echo doesn’t appear to have caught any incriminating recordings: The charges were eventually dropped.
But it’s not just the speakers’ manufacturers that gather information when you ask them for things. To get the most out of an Echo or a Google Home, you’ll probably want to connect it with other companies’ services, using what Amazon calls “skills” and Google calls “actions.” This is how you do anything outside of each company’s own ecosystem, like order an Uber or a pizza.
Like always, though, the price of that convenience is data. A Wall Street Journal investigation found that although technology makes it extremely convenient to meet up with a friend, order a pizza, and watch a movie at home, it’s not without its cost to privacy: In the scenario, the pair of friends gave up 53 pieces of personal information to various companies throughout the evening, 38 of which were collected by companies in the background.
Connecting a home speaker to third-party extensions is also potentially a recipe for abuse. It was a third-party quiz app that vacuumed up Facebook users’ personal data — and that of their friends — and shared it with a researcher associated with Cambridge Analytica. There’s no reason an unscrupulous developer couldn’t come up with a similarly invasive add-on for a home speaker. Both Google and Amazon allow developers to create extensions for their home speakers, but the Echo, having been around longer, has more plug-ins.
Apple is the odd one out in this trio: Its HomePod offers the most privacy of any home speaker — but at the cost of convenience. Besides using the HomePod to control Apple’s software or as a hub for an automated home, you can ask about the news, weather, or traffic — but not much else. You can’t install extensions the way you can on an Echo or a Google Home, so Apple has complete control over what data goes where.
But the biggest privacy difference between the HomePod and its competitors isn’t what it can or can’t do — it’s how the HomePod interacts with Apple’s servers. Like the other speakers, when a HomePod hears a request, it sends it off to Apple to parse and fulfill it. But instead of associating the request with the user’s account, like Google and Amazon do, HomePod requests are anonymous, tied only to a random, rotating ID. Just like a request you might make of Siri on an iPhone, HomePod requests will live on Apple’s servers for six months, associated with that ID, and then another year and a half, unlinked to any ID at all. By contrast, Google and Amazon only delete requests from their servers when asked by the user.
In the few months it’s been out, people have complained about one particular privacy shortfall of the HomePod. The HomePod can fulfill “personal requests,” like reading out and sending texts, or reading and creating notes. For someone who lives alone — or has no secrets — this might be useful. But otherwise, as long as the primary user is at home, anyone can walk up to the device and ask it to send an embarrassing text to mom, and it will. Unlike the Echo or the Google Home, HomePod can’t differentiate between people’s voices, so anyone’s request will go through.
But that’s a relatively small privacy gripe. Generally, if you value privacy (and sound quality) over omniscient assistance, Apple’s HomePod should be your go-to. Siri is leagues behind its competitors, but at least it doesn’t tattle.
If home speakers were like toasters — something you buy once that does the same thing forever until it breaks — this article would be over now. But people expect their home speakers to develop new features over time, and the companies that create them have the ability to change how they work at any point.
In fact, that’s why Bruce Schneier, a security researcher, has a very simple approach to home speakers: “Since their terms and conditions are designed not to tell you what’s really going on, and they can change without your knowledge or consent, I wouldn’t trust any of them,” he told me.
If you, however, are not a world-renowned computer expert, and you decide the convenience of a home speaker outweighs the privacy risks, then it’s worth thinking about the companies’ motives to try to guess where they’ll go next. While none of them like to talk about what they plan to do with your data in the future, we can hazard some guesses based on what we know about the companies.
Google’s parent company, Alphabet, makes 84 percent of its revenue just off of advertising. So it wasn’t too surprising when, last year, some Google Homes spouted off what sounded suspiciously like an advertisement for the new Beauty and the Beast film. Google denied that the segment, which played after Google Assistant had summarized the user’s agenda for the day, was an ad. (It was “timely content,” the company said at the time.) A spokesperson for Google said that while Google Assistant doesn’t currently have ads, it probably will in the future. Google “may use transcriptions (not raw audio) of these interactions to deliver more useful ads on other platforms,” the spokesperson said.
Amazon’s business model is less dependent on advertising, but in January, CNBC reported that Amazon is looking to dive into advertising on its Alexa-powered devices. Amazon denied the report at the time, and a spokesperson told me that the company has “no plans to add advertisements to Alexa and [does] not use voice recordings for product recommendations.”
Yesterday, for no reason in particular, why do you ask, Facebook’s Hard Questions blog tackled the question of “What Data Does Facebook Collect When I’m Not Using Facebook, and Why?” It is a very thorough and dryly written account of how tracking technology works online … and doesn’t really answer any of the questions people have about the practice.
If you’ve logged in to Facebook in your browser while surfing the web, your browser remembers that you’ve logged in by using a “cookie.” Facebook then puts two and two together: Person X is logged in, and we need to create an embedded tool for Person X to show on Website Y. Therefore, Person X has visited Website Y. Even if you’re not logged in to Facebook, the site can still use cookies to create a log of your browsing history.
That last line about bots is particularly telling. Facebook can tell if a single user has visited hundreds of different sites, and logs what those sites are. In this case, it’s used to identify a bot, but let’s approach it from a different angle: If I visit dozens of sites about weight loss in a single day, Facebook can probably determine that I’d be receptive to ads for diet pills. By and large, Facebook’s tracking is used to bolster its ad system’s effectiveness, not to track bot activity. That Facebook declined to provide an example of how its tracking tech is used to help target ads tells you everything you need to know about Facebook’s commitment to transparency.
In addition to providing services, Facebook also claims that it needs this data for security purposes. “For example, receiving data about the sites a particular browser has visited can help us identify bad actors,” Facebook’s David Baser writes. “If someone tries to log into your account using an IP address from a different country, we might ask some questions to verify it’s you. Or if a browser has visited hundreds of sites in the last five minutes, that’s a sign the device might be a bot.”
It is through these embedded tracking methods that Facebook is able to follow you around the web — because almost every modern website has some sort of Facebook tool included in it. It might not even be something you can see; it might be a tiny 1x1 pixel embedded on a page for the purpose of reporting your visit back to Facebook.
Why does Facebook do this? Because if it has more info on your web activity, it can more precisely target ads. This sort of tracking is not exclusive to Facebook. Hundreds of ad companies — and large tech companies like Amazon and Google — use tracking code in this way. These methods are able to collect basic info like your IP address, as well as your operating system and browser type.
So far, so good. What Facebook has described so far are standard web practices. Invasive, sure, but not out of the norm. What Facebook’s explainer blog post declines to offer up is for how long that data is retained (likely indefinitely) and how Facebook uses that data to draw conclusions about you. It simply gathers the data and uses it to “provide services.”
Facebook offers a number of tools that developers can “embed” on their web pages by adding lines of code to their sites. If you’ve ever cut and pasted HTML-embed code for a YouTube video, you’re familiar with the concept. That code tells your browsers to fetch parts of a website from many different sources: images and text from the host, embedded videos from YouTube, and most relevant to this issue, the Facebook Like button.
Facebook knows that the practice is creepy, and refuses to be up front about it. Appearing before Congress, Zuckerberg pretended to be unfamiliar with the term “shadow profiles” — profiles and logs created on people that are not Facebook users — despite that fact that the unsettling Facebook practice has been reported for years. When Senator Cory Gardner asked about Facebook tracking users outside of Facebook’s website, Zuckerberg talked his way around the issue.
Of the three main companies that offer home speakers, Google probably knows the most about its users. If you use Google’s services — Search, Gmail, Maps, and Calendar — regularly with default privacy settings, Google knows where you live and work; who you email, chat, and meet up with; and what you like to search for, among other things.
“Alexa, stop” is the first thing I say most mornings. Actually, that’s a lie. Usually, it’s more like “Alexa, snooze.” Next, I drag myself into my kitchen and put on a kettle. “Alexa, set a timer for four minutes,” I say while pouring boiling water into my French press. “Alexa, what’s the weather,” I’ll ask later while staring at my closet trying to figure out which one of my coats — answer: none of them — is appropriate for the 30-degree temperature spread Alexa will inevitably tell me to expect that day in New York.
I love my little DJ/alarm clock/kitchen timer/meteorologist. It’s convenient. It was cheap. It can play the original Broadway cast recording of Parade on command. And the security risks don’t stress me out any more or less than those of any other internet-enabled device I use in my day-to-day life. It has also, historically, driven the people closest to me absolutely nuts. So I asked two ex-girlfriends — who were kind enough to respond to my slightly deranged texts and Gchats — to tell me just what was so terrible about dating, as one put it, “an Echo-head.” I also asked a roommate from a few years ago if she had any memories of living with me and my Echo Dot. Mostly, she said she remembered me asking Alexa to play Ed Sheeran’s “Shape of You” “approximately 2 trillion times.” (An incredible own on her part, really.)
Why did you hate my Echo Dot so much?
Tess: Also, it felt like you knew she was there, but I didn’t always remember, so it would take me by surprise when you called her.
Sam (ex-girlfriend): I just don’t love the idea of talking to a device! It’s kind of creepy to me. You can just take out your phone and check the weather app or look out your window to see if it’s raining.
Sam: You don’t have a roommate, so maybe it’s also nice, or at a minimum, not weird to talk to it. If I talked to mine, my roommates would think I was crazy and talking to myself. We are not, generally speaking, a digital-voice-assistant household.
Tess (ex-girlfriend): I think why I’m so anti-Alexa is because it’s suddenly like someone else is in the room whom you didn’t realize or expect to be there, and they’re listening and are intelligent. It’s like Alexa is a creepy spy in the corner waiting to be summoned.
Tess: I’ll also say that the more time I spent with you, the less weird it got, and after a while I didn’t mind or notice as much.
Did you have security concerns?
Sam: For me, at least, there’s just a mental barrier with voice assistants. For some reason, I’m fine with Facebook and all related third parties mining my data, but as soon as I have to talk to a robot, I’m out. Obviously, it’s not rational.
Tess: I totally recognize and am willing to admit it’s irrational [that I distrust Alexa but still use other internet-enabled devices]. Everything is monitoring my life! But it feels so much more tangible when you’re like, “Hey, Alexa,” and then she’s THERE. It feels a little Big Brother–y. I don’t trust Amazon not to be listening in on my/your life, and I didn’t like the idea of our convos being passively monitored.
Sam: Not to tone police, but you had a very specific uptalk when you talked to Alexa. I can hear it in my head now. Also, you talked at it loudly. VERY loudly.
Do you feel I talked differently when I would ask Alexa things?
Tess: You for sure have an Alexa voice. It’s like Madison voice, but crisper, slower, and more rhythmic.
Did it seem like Alexa had learned my voice but not yours?
Sam: I do feel like I should add that after we broke up, I got an Echo, which I have only used to connect to my Spotify account to play music. I do not speak to it.
Would you ever consider getting your own Echo?
Tess: Remember how it wouldn’t take my voice? But when I imitated your “Alexa voice” then it listened!
Tess: My boss gave me one as a gift. Safe to assume, it’s in the bottom-most drawer of my desk, never to be touched.
All names have been changed to protect the Alexa-hating innocent. Interviews have been edited and condensed for clarity.
Sam: I think my main annoyance was the fact that it didn’t listen to me when I tried to talk to it. Like, you would ask it about the weather or ask it to play a song or whatever else it does, and it would just do whatever you asked it to. Then one day, when you were on a run, I asked it to play a Rilo Kiley song, and it didn’t listen to me, so I asked it again, and it didn’t listen to me, so I just gave up on it.
Over the last few months, Select All has interviewed more than a dozen prominent technology figures about what has gone wrong with the contemporary internet for a project called “The Internet Apologizes.” We’re now publishing lengthier transcripts of each individual interview. This interview features Richard Stallman, an activist and legendary programmer who developed the foundational and widely used software Emacs and GNU. He is a recipient of the MacArthur “genius” grant and is currently president of the Free Software Foundation.
What is data privacy? The term implies that if a company collects data about you, it should somehow protect that data. But I don’t think that’s the issue. I think the problem is that it collects data about you period. We shouldn’t let them do that.
All right then. Let’s start it this way and get right into it. I’m interested in how you think that the major digital platforms in particular, and Silicon Valley more broadly, sort of … went off the rails. I’m thinking of the toxic nature of many of these communities and platforms online — issues with data privacy, the ability to be abused for electioneering or other purposes, and so on.You’re talking about very — about specific manifestations, and in some cases in ways that presuppose a weak solution.
I won’t let them collect data about me. I refuse to use the ones that would know who I am. There are unfortunately some areas where I can’t avoid that. I can’t avoid even for a domestic flight giving the information of who I am. That’s wrong. You shouldn’t have to identify yourself if you’re not crossing a border and having your passport checked.
So I think the problem is fundamental. Companies are collecting data about people. We shouldn’t let them do that. The data that is collected will be abused. That’s not an absolute certainty, but it’s a practical, extreme likelihood, which is enough to make collection a problem.
With prescriptions, pharmacies sell the information about who gets what sort of prescription. There are companies that find this out about people. But they don’t get much of a chance to show me ads because I don’t use any sites in a way that lets them know who I am and show ads accordingly.
A database about people can be misused in four ways. First, the organization that collects the data can misuse the data. Second, rogue employees can misuse the data. Third, unrelated parties can steal the data and misuse it. That happens frequently, too. And fourth, the state can collect the data and do really horrible things with it, like put people in prison camps. Which is what happened famously in World War II in the United States. And the data can also enable, as it did in World War II, Nazis to find Jews to kill.
And I’m not interested in discussing the privacy policies that these companies have. First of all, privacy policies are written so that they appear to promise you some sort of respect for privacy, while in fact having such loopholes that the company can do anything at all. But second, the privacy policy of the company doesn’t do anything to stop the FBI from taking all that data every week. Anytime anybody starts collecting some data, if the FBI thinks it’s interesting, it will grab that data.
In China, for example, any data can be misused horribly. But in the U.S. also, you’re looking at a CIA torturer being nominated to head the CIA, and we can’t assume that she will be rejected. So when you put this together with the state spying that Snowden told us about, and with the Patriot Act that allows the FBI to take almost any database of personal data without even talking to a court. And what you see is, for companies to have data about you is dangerous.
And we also know that the FBI and other such agencies are inclined to label protesters as terrorists. So that way they can use laws that were ostensibly adopted to protect us from terrorists to threaten a much larger number of us than any terrorist could.
This is effectively a core practice of all of Silicon Valley, right? It sounds like you also think that this is something that extends well beyond privacy. It’s the foundation for how these companies act.Yes. Although I’d rather not refer to companies that collect personal data with the name Silicon Valley because there are other companies there that do other things that relate to digital technology, and maybe they’re making some chips that are not harmful at all. So I’d rather not talk about Silicon Valley, also because they may be located somewhere else.
Understood.The Frightful Five — I think in France they’re called GAFAM — may have special power to cause harm. Certainly Facebook does. But each one is different and they’re doing things that other companies are also doing, and it’s just as bad when other companies do it. So I think it’s a mistake to focus on the especially large companies, and instead we should look at the things they are doing that are the basis for being harmful. And then we should stop anyone from doing that.
So how about we use the New York Times’ phrase? They use “the Frightful Five” to refer to sort of the emergent tech, digital monopolies or duopolies. Well, first of all, whether they’re monopolies is a secondary issue, as I see it, and the danger is not limited to them. For instance, the FBI was — I suppose still is — collecting data about every long distance call from some of those long distance companies. Perhaps all. But those are not monopolies. There aren’t very many of them; it’s an oligopoly, and that’s dangerous too. But in any case, they’re not among the five companies you’re thinking of. And as I see it any store that wants to know who you are is doing the same thing and it’s just as bad regardless of the size of the store.
It sounds like you feel that collection of user data is the root problem with these companies.It’s an injustice. It is disrespect for human rights, and it’s not only when a company does it. There are, on streets nowadays in some cities, lots of cameras that can be pointed by officials in any direction they like, and I believe they’re trying to recognize people’s faces automatically. Well, this is monstrous. This is far worse than Google or Facebook.
So, I see this as fundamentally dangerous to a point that makes the issues of, say, advertising pale by comparison. Sure, I don’t want companies to be able to find out all about us for the sake of advertising, although for the specific case of Facebook, there could be a remedy to stop it from being so harmful. For instance, political ads on Facebook might be less harmful if every company that buys political ads is required to post the full list of all the ads that it has bought in the past six months in one place. So people can see what they all are.
And it doesn’t — it’s not done by a company. It’s done by the city of New York. Or some other city doing the same thing, who knows? The point is, tracking people is dangerous. And especially tracking who communicates with whom. And who goes where. Once the state can find that out, human rights are basically dead because protests will be crushed. Look at what various so-called law-enforcement agencies did to try to crush the pipeline protests not long ago, or the laws various states are adopting or thinking of adopting making it a grave crime to protest, and imprisoning protesters for a long time. Or cutting off journalists to cover them, as was done during the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, when they declared a no-fly zone so journalists’ drones couldn’t be there to watch what the thugs were doing to the protesters.
Why do you think these companies feel justified in collecting that data?Oh, well, I think you can trace it to the general plutocratic neoliberal ideology that has controlled the U.S. for more than two decades. A study established that since 1998 or so, the public opinion in general has no influence on political decisions. They’re controlled by the desires of the rich and of special interests connected with whatever issue it is.
So the companies that wanted to collect data about people could take advantage of this general misguided ideology to get away with whatever they might have wanted to do. Which happened to be collecting data about people. But I think they shouldn’t be allowed to collect data about people.
We need a law. Fuck them — there’s no reason we should let them exist if the price is knowing everything about us. Let them disappear. They’re not important — our human rights are important. No company is so important that its existence justifies setting up a police state. And a police state is what we’re heading toward.
Well imagine if that has a back door, which enables somebody to send a command saying, “Ignore what the passenger said, and go there.” Imagine what that would do. You can be quite sure that China will use that functionality to drive people toward the places they’re going to be disappeared or punished. But can you be sure that the U.S. won’t?
Most non-free software has malicious functionalities. And they include spying on people, restricting people — that’s called digital restrictions management, back doors, censorship. Empirically, basically, if a program is not free software, it probably has one of these malicious functionalities. So imagine a driverless car, controlled of course by software, and it will probably be proprietary software, meaning not-free software, not controlled by the users but rather by the company that makes the car, or some other company.
So we shouldn’t accept that premise. But the fact is, they do accept that premise and they wouldn’t even dream of shutting down the company just because it had been corrupted 100 percent — lock, stock, and barrel — into spying on all its users.
You could argue that in China, they’ve just centralized integrated data collection and they’re integrating it with streams of data from a variety of different sources, both government-controlled and not. Whereas in the U.S., it seems like these platforms sort of compete with one another to offer different services like this — it’s not centralized.Remember all the data is available to the FBI at any time. And remember how easy it is to pressure companies to send the remote-control command or to get from them all the secrets that are needed. Remember Lavabit. Lavabit was ordered to tell the state enough to spy on all its users 100 percent. And the only way that Ladar Levison could avoid that was to shut down the company instantly. And he could do that; he could consider doing that because he just owned it. Now imagine that it’s a public corporation with stockholders, and imagine that the insane ideology that its primary responsibility is to make money for the stockholders, which, by the way, is still not accepted in some European countries. And I read that this idea didn’t get started until the 1980s; before that, even in the U.S., it was accepted that a corporation had other obligations.
Apple just faced that situation in China and Apple surrendered.
As somebody who’s had your set of experiences and expertise, I’m curious: Do you feel like you’ve had any experiences that lend particular insight into how these companies work?They’re corporations. Corporations have been compared to psychopaths.
But do you think there’s any particular set of cultural attitudes, or ideology, that has affected this particular variety — Yes, neoliberalism.
A certain flavor of neoliberalism?No, I don’t think it is. Neoliberalism in general. The idea that greed is good and justifies doing to people whatever profit requires, that’s all that’s needed. Of course, depending on what business the company is in, there’ll be different nasty things it could conceivably do.
But, and it would be good to make it clear that corporations have other duties that are just as important as making money for their shareholders. But we also need specific laws. For instance, there was a coal company that a few years ago arranged to steal its employees’ pensions by splitting into two companies and programming the one with pension obligations to go bankrupt. Now, I think we need a law requiring pensions to be handled through independent funds so that a company can’t just disappear and leave its 20-year employees with no pension.
The nasty things that, say, Apple can do are not the same as the nasty things that Facebook can do, and not the same nasty things Monsanto can do, or the same as the nasty things Kinder Morgan can do. And each one finds itself in certain circumstances based on its line of business, which will suggest certain ways of making more money by screwing people over.
Companies that have websites or apps tend to screw people over by collecting data about them. I think we need a law that requires every system to be designed in a way that achieves its basic goal with the least-possible collection of data.
And secondary features, conveniences and so on, should not be allowed to justify making the primary goal require collection of data. Let’s say you want to ride in a car and pay for the ride. That doesn’t fundamentally require knowing who you are. So services which do that must be required by law to give you the option of paying cash, or using some other anonymous-payment system, without being identified. They should also have ways you can call for a ride without identifying yourself, without having to use a cell phone. Companies that won’t go along with this — well, they’re welcome to go out of business. Good riddance.
When interviewing people for this, I’ve found that there are some people who think there are some simple fixes and others who think that these companies are never going to change, so they need to die. I’m curious what you think should be done, and what you think will actually happen.Well, in terms of what should be done, I think we should go back to selling things in physical stores where you can walk in and pay cash. And if you want a product that they stock somewhere but isn’t in that store, well you should be able to put down a deposit and have them order something and come back and get it later. And they don’t need to know who you are to do that. They can give you a receipt that will prove you paid the deposit so you can come back and collect it later.
And by the way, we shouldn’t allow stores to do anything to try to track the movements of customers. This bizarre practice is again the result of the ideological assumption that companies should be allowed to do anything they like unless the people have managed to make a law against it. I think, in general, identifying or tracking people should not be allowed, unless there’s some specific and extremely strong justification offered.
And this requirement should apply to systems, no matter what organization runs them, including systems run by cities, states, and the U.S. government. They shouldn’t be allowed to collect data except in specific ways that have been approved, and that approval should require justifying that the danger to privacy can be permitted. And the reason is that we need democracy, more than almost anything else. And the sickness of democracy in the U.S., which is thoroughly established, and which was recognized by the supporters of Sanders as well as the supporters of the troll, is a problem we need to solve. Not exacerbate. So we must make sure that the state can’t identify people, but the only way to do that is to make sure that companies can’t identify people either most of the time.
In addition, we’re facing the threat of massive unemployment due to some kind of digital technology. One of these areas of unemployment of course is driverless vehicles. There are also the self-checkout machines in some supermarkets and drugstores. When I go in and out of those stores, I shout to the people by those machines, If you use these machines, you’re putting other people out of work. When I recognized that, I decided I wouldn’t use them. I’d always go to the human sales agent and help them stay employed.
I think we could allow driverless vehicles and self-checkout once we have a system like a universal basic income.
It sounds like the problem you’re describing isn’t these companies; the problem is capitalism.Well, it’s neoliberal capitalism. It’s unrestrained capitalism. In other words, it’s plutocracy. When these companies control our laws by buying politicians, then we’re not really going to have democracy and the laws will leave us at the mercy of the companies that regard us as prey.
But that doesn’t mean we have to eliminate capitalism. We have to eliminate plutocracy. If we have capitalism and democracy, we have more or less what was invented in Athens. That’s what we had in 1970. If you look at Chomsky’s video Requiem for the American Dream, it describes the campaign that was started in the ’70s to recover control for business so people couldn’t demand and get things like the Endangered Species Act or the Americans With Disabilities Act or the Clean Air Act or Clean Water Act or have high enough taxes on the rich or on businesses so that we could run the country. And everything doesn’t fall apart.
It would be nice to see some of these big companies bring back some of the gigantic profits that they’ve collected over the years and use them to fund beneficial things for the public.Well, yeah, they should pay more taxes so that we can do the things that we need to do. But because the operations of those companies are directly harmful in themselves, just making them pay taxes is not enough. We’ve got to make them stop doing things in ways that are harmful, but not just those big companies, also smaller companies.
Guber is one of the companies I detest the most. I called it Guber because it pays drivers peanuts. But the worst thing it does to the public is make people run non-free software, which is specifically an app, and that is non-free, meaning the users don’t control it and it turns out it’s malware. People found it was tracking people’s movements before and after the ride.
But the fundamental thing it does wrong is the fact that you have to run that non-free program to get a ride, and you have to identify yourself. And then you can’t pay cash. These are things that a transport company shouldn’t be allowed to do. The law should say, “First, respect people’s privacy. And if you can make money doing so while respecting people’s privacy, okay. Of course, we’ll make you pay a decent amount of taxes, but that’s a separate issue.”
I have web pages about many of these companies saying why you shouldn’t use them. If you look at Stallman.org, pretty near the top, on the front page, you’ll see this list.
And it’s on your website?Yes. Stallman.org.
Of course sometimes I can’t talk or they can’t reach me, which is unfortunate. But it’s not gonna make me unhappy.
So the remedies depend on the area. That’s one remedy that deals with stealing employees’ pensions. Lots of employees’ wages are being stolen frequently, especially low-paid employees. Happens a lot in fast-food establishments. I’m not sure how to prevent that. But that’s another very big area where companies screw people over.
Over the last few months, Select All has interviewed more than a dozen prominent technology figures about what has gone wrong with the contemporary internet for a project called “The Internet Apologizes.” We’re now publishing lengthier transcripts of each individual interview. This interview features Dan McComas, the former senior vice-president for product of Reddit and the founder and CEO of Imzy, a community-focused platform.
For me, it was an interesting aspect that I got on it because I got to see the inner workings of the decisions they were making and why they were making the decisions they were making, but I wasn’t in the position, nor would I want to be in the position, of having any kind of impact on the decisions being made.
What’s that incentive structure?The incentive structure is simply growth at all costs. There was never, in any board meeting that I have ever attended, a conversation about the users, about things that were going on that were bad, about potential dangers, about decisions that might affect potential dangers. There was never a conversation about that stuff.
What were some of those critical decisions that you’re thinking of?First, I’ll say there were very few decisions made. I think that the biggest problem that Reddit had and continues to have, and that all of the platforms, Facebook and Twitter, and Discord now continue to have is that they’re not making decisions, is that there is absolutely no active thought going into their problems — problems that are going to exist in coming months or years — and what they can do to combat them. I know firsthand that between 2011 and 2015 or 2016, there was just really no thought going into it until I took over product, Ellen [Pao] took over the CEO role, and Jessica [Moreno] took over the head of community role, and we started trying to think about what was going on and what was going to be happening in the future.
We can talk about those decisions if you want, but I think the more interesting aspect is just why people aren’t thinking about this stuff, and how can we get people to think about this stuff. That’s really half of the premise of why Imzy was started. I think there’s just a complete breakdown in the kind of thought process behind how your technology is going to affect the users that use it and the world at large, and the incentive structure that is behind Silicon Valley start-ups and how they’re formed.
We’d say, “Well, we’ve grown by 40 million visitors since the last board meeting.”
And the response was, “That’s slower than the internet is growing; that’s not enough. You have to grow more.” Ultimately, that is why Ellen and I were let go.
The kind of classic comment that would come up in every board meeting was, “Why aren’t you growing faster?”
The only time we would ever hear anything from the board on that stuff is when there were huge press debacles like the Anderson Cooper thing. In that case, we would get a call from the people who were being negatively affected by the press basically wanting to know how they should answer and what we were going to do about it.
It’s a really mismatched incentive structure because if Reddit, specifically, focused all their efforts on the health of their platform, on the people that are really the contributors and not the consumers, they would see growth beyond what they’re getting. It’s kind of a backward way of looking at the problem from a traditional product perspective because you’re not directly affecting growth.
If you look from a product angle, if you look at that just from a funnel basis, it’s like 99 percent of everybody who visits Reddit don’t know what Reddit is. They find it by organic search or from a person sharing it. They land on a page and they leave and they never come back. The biggest opportunity to grow Reddit is to focus on that part of the funnel. By doing that, and putting 90 percent of your resources toward focusing on that part of the funnel, you pretty much completely ignore everything that’s actually going on on the site. You ignore the moderators; you ignore the users who are contributing content; you ignore the communities that are being created and the activities going on within them. You basically risk the health of your platform.
Why, then, do they care so much about growth? Revenue?From the inside, I can tell you that the board is never asking about revenue. They honestly don’t care, and they said as much. They’re only asking about growth. They believe that if they have a billion unique visitors a month, that they have a property that is going to be worth a ton of money in some way eventually. They really do look at it in that abstract way.
In Reddit’s case, that presented a lot of challenges, and it means that they prioritized growth and sacrificed instituting measures or investing in the kinds of changes that would have made the site less toxic. Looking at it from the outside and based on your experience at Reddit and your knowledge of that platform, how do you see this problem mapping onto Facebook or YouTube or Twitter?Yeah, those sites are wholly different in their incentive structure at this point. It’s a bit different and nuanced in that they’re all public. That brings on a number of other expectations. There is an ultimate expectation of revenue and profit. There’s also another expectation of — I wouldn’t say growth, but I would say a predictable pattern of growth, I guess. I don’t think it’s Facebook’s ultimate objective to get to 5 billion users or something. They have a humongous user base and they don’t want to lose anybody, and they want to have the right kind of activity going on.
Because you pushed back against that?Because there was so much shit going on: on the site; in the press because of Ellen’s case; internally in the company, we had just moved everybody to San Francisco and pretty much the entire employee base was totally pissed off, and there was so much cleanup to be done just from an organization side; and the technology was in such bad shape. There was no way that we could focus on the type of growth efforts that they wanted. And if you have a small staff, you have to focus on the problems that are going to give you the biggest impact.
I know they’re making a lot of strides on the advertising side. But I guarantee, that is not their focus. Their focus is purely growth.
This dynamic at Reddit is hardly unique. It seems like it applies to all the major digital platforms.Absolutely.
I absolutely disagree with a lot of people and think that Facebook has done a better job at this than any other company. I think they have tried to prioritize user safety and they have tried to put processes in place for managing content. I think Twitter is much worse. I think, ultimately, the problem that Reddit has is the same as Twitter and Discord. By focusing on growth and growth only and ignoring the problems, they amassed a large set of cultural norms on their platforms. Their cultural norms are different for every community, but they tend to stem from harassment or abuse or bad behavior, and they have worked themselves into a position where they’re completely defensive and they can just never catch up on the problem. I really don’t believe it’s possible for either of them to catch up on the problem. I think the best that they can do is figure out how to hide this behavior from an average user. I don’t see any way that it’s going to improve. I have no hope for either of those platforms.
Were there moments in which Reddit chose to double down on something and made it that much harder to work toward a solution?I don’t know. I’m trying to think about your question. The typical pattern that we always went through was, there would be a bunch of bad behavior on the site, and the community team would have to deal with it and would be really annoyed. Sometimes they would take the free-speech side and decide that we don’t want to make a call on this. Other times they would say, “Hey, we need to take care of this,” and somebody above them would raise either the free-speech side or the “I don’t want to deal with this because it would cause too many problems on the site” side. That was more often the response.
Why?I just think that the problems are too ingrained, in not only the site and the site’s communities and users but in the general understanding and expectations of the public. I think that if you ask pretty much anybody about Reddit, they’re either not going to know what Reddit is, which is the large majority of people, or they’re going to be like, “Oh, it’s that place where there’s jailbait or something like that.” I don’t think that they’re going to be able to turn these things around.
There are a couple of subreddits, some of which have been banned and some haven’t, but the FatPeopleHate one was a really bad one. There are a bunch of animal-cruelty subreddits, specifically with a sexual nature, that they would always refuse to ban. The arguments were usually, “We don’t want to touch this because these are our most volatile users and they’ll just make things a nightmare,” and then, ultimately, these things will bubble up, make it into the press, and then we would make a decision to change things. We would deal with the immediate impact, which was painful, would last a week or two, and then it would go away. For the most part, unfortunately, I see them still following this pattern.
There’s now this rising chorus of tech executives who, whether it’s because of the Russia election stuff or user privacy concerns or broader user safety issues, are speaking out. Do you think this could amount to any substantial change?I don’t think the existing platforms are going to change. I do believe that new platforms could be started up, could operate better, could be more mindful, and could create better infrastructure and platforms for the large public. But in order to do that, I think that one of two things needs to happen. I think that the venture capitalists need to kind of reframe their thinking on how these companies look as they start up and grow. I know firsthand that at least the investors that I worked with at Imzy are not ready to undertake that path. Imzy shut down, we still had $8 million in the bank, and we had raised $11 million. I know firsthand the palate of these investors, and from my experience, the majority of Silicon Valley investors are all the same archetype. I think that somebody needs to come along and change their thinking on that. I don’t think that that’s going to happen.
Is there something recent that you’re thinking of?I can’t remember the specific instances right now, but there was a bunch of press about things that were going on on Reddit and Discord, and they both reacted and banned the subreddit. They made an announcement, “We’re taking a bigger stance against these things.” Discord made the same announcement.
It’s just more of the same. I don’t see them getting in front of the problem and it’s a total bummer, to be honest. It’s a super bummer. I hate it. I still grapple with the fact that I worked at Reddit, and so does Jessica. She’s decided to leave the industry completely. She’s completely changing her career and has left the tech industry altogether. It’s a bummer.
The other way is for a group of people to get together and create a modern platform using in some way their own resources, or finding the resources in interesting ways to do so. Unfortunately, it’s a really expensive process to build a platform like this. It takes a lot of engineering, it takes a lot of human power, it takes a lot of marketing and PR power, and it’s just an expensive process and it takes a long time. It’s really hard to get a network effect going. It would take years. It’s just a really hard process that somebody needs to be in for that ride. I just don’t believe that right now we have found the right mix of the right founders and team to build the infrastructure, and the right funding mechanism to make that happen. I tried, and it just totally didn’t work. It failed. I don’t know. I would love to take a crack at it, but it’s fucking hard to put these resources together.
Reddit got lucky. I always thought being acquired and then ignored by Condé Nast was a blessing and a curse. It allowed the communities time to organically grow. Developers let it set and evolve. And that’s exactly the opportunity the platforms need — they need that time to find their footing and to find a number of different cohorts to grow in.
Let’s say you were able to change the thinking and you were able to get a group of folks who were interested in putting up the capital necessary to create a new platform. Could you get a seat at the table with Facebook and Twitter?I think it’s absolutely possible, but it takes a couple of major factors. I think a start-up needs to think about the monetization and how it can work with the users instead of against the users. I think they need to figure out the right funding mechanisms and incentive structures that also work toward the users. I think they need to have the right product team in place to focus on users. You’ll start to see a pattern emerge here. I think that they need to have a community or a service team from day one that focuses on users’ well-being. I think they need to have the right intentions. I think you need to get all those kinds of things in place; you need to understand the investment that you’re in for, as far as time. Most start-ups these days have a 12-to-18-month horizon that they look at, and that’s just not enough. That’s not enough to build one of these platforms.
I think that the acquisition that happened was a weird one. I think Condé Nast wanted some street cred, that’s why they bought it. I don’t think they knew what they were buying. In fact, I know they didn’t know what to do with it other than just to let it sit and gain some momentum. Now [co-founder and CEO] Steve [Huffman] is able to grow it into something, and I think he’s gonna do a great job. I think he’s gonna grow it into something huge.
But you don’t think that growth solves the problems?No, absolutely not. It’s just gonna keep getting worse. I fundamentally believe that my time at Reddit made the world a worse place. And that sucks, and it sucks to have to say that about myself.
If you were talking to people making platforms now, what would you urge them to pay attention to?I don’t have very many opinions or thoughts about what Reddit or Twitter should do at this time. I just don’t. But I’ve got a lot of advice for start-ups, and it’s not very fucking complicated. It’s just: Think about the impact that you want to have on your users and on the people consuming your content and do the right thing. They know what the right thing is. Discord knows what the right thing is. I had conversations with Jason [Citron] a year ago about the problem of white supremacy on his site, and he said, “I don’t want to invade their privacy by going into their channels and reading what they’re doing.” And I said, “They’re gonna cause deaths because you’re not doing that.” And he said, “You really think so?” And I said, “Yeah.” And sure enough they didn’t do anything, and sure enough deaths were caused because of the shit going on in their channels.
These things can be foreseen. Don’t be idiots about it. You’re people, you see what’s going on, you see trends that are forming, just fucking do something. It’s not that hard. That’s my advice to founders of start-ups, just be mindful of it. Or put somebody in charge of being mindful of it.
I really appreciate you taking the time to speak with me. I’ve been thinking about this for a few years, and it’s felt at once kind of affirming to see it blow up this way, and at the same time totally terrifying. It’s awful and it’s gonna get worse, so you’re in the right business.
All the big companies do have people who are paid to mind this, but it doesn’t seem to be enough.My guess is that Reddit has six to ten community managers. And even if they had double that, that’s not enough. And my guess is that they have five engineers working on it; that’s just not enough. When I was there and we scaled up the community team, there were three people on the community team. There was a community of 250 million people. It’s not enough. Facebook and Twitter have teams in other countries taking care of the worst of the internet, and Reddit hasn’t even considered doing something like that. And it takes a big investment. I think you’ve got to get out in front of the problem when you start up, and you gotta be able and willing to invest in what it takes to keep up with it. But I think that ignoring either of those puts you in a place where I don’t think you can ever really catch up from it.
I came in to work at Reddit officially in 2011, and kept doing Reddit Gifts and also being involved with the Reddit side. For a few years there, it was just interesting. I was watching them kind of from the outside, but from the inside as well because I was privy to all the conversations going on. That was kind of during the time of, I think, the r/jailbait debacle. We were acquired just before Yishan became CEO. I worked really closely with Yishan throughout the years.
Thank you so much for agreeing to a call. I apologize that I’m calling late, I’ve just had a jam-packed morning.Please. Stop apologizing. It doesn’t matter when you call me if I can talk to you. I never cared about that. In other words, you’re being excessively polite. Catering to an imaginary desire that I never had in my life. I’m happy if people call me at any time if the conversation is a useful one.
Several high-profile tech companies signed a [deep sigh] “cybersecurity accord” today promising not to, I guess, do war. The Cybersecurity Tech Accord is, according to its press release, “a watershed agreement among the largest-ever group of companies agreeing to defend all customers everywhere from malicious attacks by cybercriminal enterprises and nation-states.” In other words, companies do good, and no do bad.
Point one of the accord states that signatories “will protect all of our users and customers everywhere,” which is a very nice goal, and also impossible? They will also “oppose cyberattacks on innocent citizens and enterprises from anywhere,” which is, again, an obvious point, and it’s also kinda weird that a multinational capitalist behemoth like Microsoft would need to spell that out.
It makes sense that Facebook, in the midst of a public-relations crisis, would sign on to a document about not helping wage war. On the other hand, it makes sense that companies like Google and Amazon and Apple didn’t sign because the accord is simply unworkable.
Meanwhile, Amazon, a leading cloud-computing business, offers its servers up to the government. These are lucrative contracts the company might not be able to fulfill if it pledges to not help wage cyberwar. Thousands of Google employees, meanwhile, have asked the company to stop helping the government develop drone technology, though Google asserts that it’s merely helping with optics equipment and not, you know, the parts that go boom.
What this mostly amounts to is marketing. Several of the signatories are hardware manufacturers whose equipment is believed to have been compromised by intelligence agencies, including the NSA. It is yet another document for the purposes of stating that hardware manufacturers are not willingly acceding to the NSA’s demands for backdoors into their systems.
According to the New York Times, the principles laid out in the document “have been circulating among senior executives in the tech industry for weeks.” Of the big five tech companies, only Microsoft and Facebook have signed on, while Google, Amazon, and Apple have stayed off.
It’s nice to attempt to remain neutral in the face of government interference, regulation, and interest in the tech industry, but at some point, resisting one country’s cyberwarfare tactics means indirectly helping another. As Congress takes a closer look at regulating American technology companies, and some regulators espouse an “America first” mind-set, the accord acts as both a resistance and a taunt.
Late next month, the European Union’s GDPR will go into effect. The General Data Protection Regulation is a significant change to privacy law that even countries based outside of Europe must comply with (because the internet is, you know, global and borderless). The thrust of the GDPR is that it requires informed consent from users when a tech company wants to collect personal information, and it requires users to be able to revoke that permission and view all of the data a company holds on them.
Some of the choices Facebook presents users with takes an “all or nothing” approach. Users who don’t want to be targeted with info they put into Facebook’s personality categories need to remove that info from their profile entirely. For facial recognition, if a user wants to be notified of potential photos of them uploaded by other users, they also need to consent to being a suggested friend to tag in said photo.
When it comes to the terms of service, Facebook users can hit the big, blue “I Accept” button, or click on “a tiny ‘see your options’ hyperlink” to be taken to a page where Facebook tries its best to prevent you from leaving the site.
There are also controls for teenagers. If users between 13 and 15 have added their religious views, political views, or sexual preference to their profile, they need parental consent to keep them up. The process, via TechCrunch: “Users merely select one of their Facebook friends or enter an email address, and that person is asked to give consent for their ‘child’ to share sensitive info.” So basically anyone, including a fake account set up by the underage user, can give approval.
Ahead of the law going into effect on May 25, tech companies are reviewing their privacy policies, updating them, and building tools to let users review the permissions they’ve granted and change them. In a briefing attended yesterday by TechCrunch, Facebook demoed its GDPR review process, which underwhelmed those in attendance. The process, according to Josh Constine, is clearly designed to keep people from changing their privacy permissions or leaving the service entirely.
All of this led Constine, and others in the room reportedly, to conclude that Facebook’s compliance with the GDPR was following the letter of the law but not the spirit. The review process is designed to keep people on Facebook through laziness or convenience, while not agreeing to the terms sends users through an arduous process. If one were to read a little further into it, the design tricks imply that Facebook is worried that users will abandon the platform if not steered in one direction.
As smart-home platforms like Amazon’s Alexa, Google Home, Apple’s HomeKit, and Samsung’s SmartThings have matured, it’s now entirely possible to set up a robust smart-home system all by yourself. The downside? Doing it yourself can still be a tremendous pain in the ass. Cameras need to be mounted, thermostats have to be installed, and smart locks require you to tug out your old, non-smart deadbolt before they can be installed. Beyond the physical installation, there’s also the struggle of getting all your disparate devices and services talking to each other; you don’t want to lay out for a smart home if it means juggling ten different apps before you go to bed each night. Luckily, there’s a rapidly growing number of professionals happy to help you get your smart home up and running — for a price.
Reddit started a couple of years after Facebook, and it’s super giant, and the kind of thing that you were present for was the challenge of building a platform that can accommodate a really large and sprawling set of communities, but at the same time make sure that it’s able to maintain community standards. You worked at it, I know, from the product end. I’m interested in hearing a bit about how you came to work at Reddit, and the questions you were thinking about.I came to work at Reddit through Reddit Gifts. I started Reddit Gifts, and the intention there was just really to see if we could get people to do nice things for other people. That was it. It was just kind of a concept that we came up with and then ran with it. It ended up being pretty impactful, I think, to the overall community. Ultimately, it was too much time for us to manage, so we were going to shut it down, and then Reddit acquired us.
I never tell stores who I am. I never let them know. I pay cash and only cash for that reason. I don’t care whether it’s a local store or Amazon — no one has a right to keep track of what I buy. The local store, I might do business with, I wouldn’t give it any way to know my identity. I would pay cash. With Amazon, I can’t pay cash, so I don’t buy from there.
Well, first of all, whether they’re monopolies is a secondary issue, as I see it, and the danger is not limited to them. For instance, the FBI was — I suppose still is — collecting data about every long distance call from some of those long distance companies. Perhaps all. But those are not monopolies. There aren’t very many of them; it’s an oligopoly, and that’s dangerous too. But in any case, they’re not among the five companies you’re thinking of. And as I see it any store that wants to know who you are is doing the same thing and it’s just as bad regardless of the size of the store.
Here are some questions to consider and things to keep in mind as you ponder whether to call in a pro to help you get a smart home up and running.
Maybe you want a security-focused setup that lets you keep an eye on your home when you’re not around, or make sure your kids are getting home from school each day. You may be more interested in making your home handle heating and cooling more efficiently. Or you may just want a home-entertainment setup where your shades automatically lower and your lights dim when you start up a Netflix binge session. Or maybe all of the above. Before approaching a professional, try to have a good sense of what in your home you’d like to make smarter.
If you’re considering hiring a smart-home installer, realize up front that it will likely cost much more than if you went on a smart-home shopping spree at your local Home Depot or Best Buy. Including labor, you’re likely looking at a budget that’s going to be more like a home-improvement project, and less like buying an Amazon Echo and a few smart light bulbs.
A low-end install — a smart TV, a good audio setup, some smart lighting, and a universal remote to control everything — can cost “$3,000 to $5,000, and just set up the living room,” says Jason Madlin, an installer and co-founder of Smart Spaces Group in New York City. A more ambitious project can easily run into five or six figures. The price of smart-home tech is dropping every day, but like nearly every home-improvement project, it’s easy to spend a lot. Before you make your first phone call, have a firm idea of the maximum amount you can spend.
A visit to a local smart-home showroom floor can also be helpful. Many installers have a retail-space setup you can tour to get an idea of what exactly you can accomplish, and in major metro areas like New York City, many smart-home manufacturers will have showrooms as well. A visit with them can give you both a sense of what’s possible, and help you figure out what pain points you want to address.
“A dream customer, for me, is a well-educated client,” says Todd Puma, owner of home-installation company the Source Home Theater. “Setting expectations for them is easier, and you can have a better conversation with them.” This doesn’t mean you need to come in with an encyclopedic knowledge of all things smart home. But it can be helpful to have a general sense of what a professional will likely be offering you.
Much the same as if you were thinking about putting in new flooring or countertops, it’s a good idea to have at least two or three professionals come by and look at your home. The home-automation trade group CEDIA can help you find qualified professionals in your area, and make sure the installers have insurance (helpful if they’re going to start going into your home’s walls) and proper licensing. When talking to a potential installer, talk to them to see if they’ve done jobs similar to what you want in the past. Ideally, you want to find someone with plenty of experience working in a home like yours, especially if your house or apartment is older. Let someone else’s walls serve as a chance for on-the-job training.
Ahead of sweeping privacy regulations going into effect in the European Union, Facebook confirmed to Reuters that it plans to change the company’s terms of service for more than 1.5 billion users. As it currently stands, users in Africa, Asia, Australia, and Latin America are governed by terms of service for the company’s Ireland headquarters. Before the GDPR goes into effect, Facebook will transfer those users to terms governed by more lenient U.S. law.
But the move is yet another indication of how much Facebook truly cares about user privacy. Over the last couple of weeks, Mark Zuckerberg has given conflicting statements about whether non-European users will receive the same privacy enhancements (the company claims that they will). This week, Facebook was heavily criticized in a press briefing for making its privacy controls difficult to navigate, in the hopes of ensuring that users don’t leave the service or share less data with the company when the regulation goes into effect.
The calculus on this is simple. Fines for GDPR violations are hefty — up to 4 percent of a company’s annual revenue — and the more users there are protected by the law, the greater the risk to Facebook. Lower that number and you lower the risk.
Facebook insists that it is complying with the spirit of the law globally. Meanwhile, the specifics of its preparations reveal a company that seems to be guarding its business interests before its users.
YouTube pranks are a subgenre of pranks or practical jokes that is less about having fun and more about inflicting physical and emotional torment on innocent bystanders. That could mean blasting an air horn at someone or firing a taser at a dead rat or faking a terrorist attack or throwing a Poké Ball at Japanese people. Or in the case of Kanghua Ren, tricking homeless people into eating Oreos filled with toothpaste.
“Maybe I’ve gone a bit far, but look at the positive side: This will help him clean his teeth. I think he hasn’t cleaned them since he became poor,” Kanghua says in the video. The prank victim got sick within five minutes of eating the cookies and said he feared for his life.
Kanghua, who is originally from China, now resides in Barcelona, Spain, and goes by ReSet on YouTube. The 20-year-old has 1.2 million subscribers and nearly 100 million views. According to the Independent, he filmed himself swapping out the cookie filling with toothpaste and then handed them to a man named Gheorge L. along with 20 euros.
According to court documents viewed by El Pais, the Spanish newspaper, the YouTuber made about 2,000 euros, or just shy of $2,500, from advertising place on the video. Prosecutors say he later deleted the video from his channel and tried to pay off his victim to bury the whole thing. The Independent says that he now faces two years in prison on “a charge of a crime against moral integrity.”
If you only got your news from this bubble: You were, as usual, well-informed about the FBI’s ongoing investigation. The publications with slightly Republican audiences maintained their consistent, in-depth reporting on the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia in stories that rarely broke through to enormous audiences; as usual, The Hill found a semi-popular story by reporting on Republican criticisms of Trump.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You were more focused on the Manafort and Gates charges, which tied them to a pro-Kremlin party in Ukraine. In another highly shared story, poll results found that Trump supporters didn’t care about any of this anyway: 79 percent of them thought Trump should remain in office even if collusion were proven.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You were agog at Donald Trump Jr.’s stupidity, most likely. The Times’ meticulous reporting about Don Jr.’s goofily earnest email exchange was by far the most widely shared set of articles across social media, while other publications with mostly Democratic audiences drafted off of that scoop.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You cared less about the Flynn story than about how the mainstream media was supposedly butchering it. Fox News seized on the incorrect claim made by ABC News’ Brian Ross that Trump had directed Flynn to make contact with the Russians while still a candidate (as Ross later clarified, this conversation occurred after Trump had been elected). An erroneous report from the Gateway Pundit that Flynn’s Russia contacts were somehow Obama’s fault also racked up a ton of shares.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You’d think the evidence against Trump was mounting. Much of this bubble focused on a short statement California representative Adam Schiff gave before Comey’s congressional testimony, summarizing the circumstantial evidence of ties between Russia and Trump’s associates. Occupy Democrats packaged the dry, two-minute-long speech into a viral meme, and ThinkProgress wrote it up shortly thereafter. And if all that wasn’t enough, an AP report that Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort had worked for a billionaire close to Putin added fuel to the fire.
If you only got your news from this bubble: What was probably the funniest Trump story of the year slid largely under the radar, possibly because it just didn’t seem damning enough. Then again, the top story in this bubble was a write-up of a Rachel Maddow segment implicating Erik Prince, Blackwater founder and Betsy DeVos’s brother, in the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You thought the whole thing was proof of Trump’s idiocy, and therefore really funny or possibly even good news. Funny or Die stitched together second-long clips from Obama’s speeches into an “admission” of guilt, while Andy Borowitz just mocked Trump’s intelligence. There was also a hopeful strain of lefty news that saw Trump’s tweet as proof that he was under surveillance as part of an investigation into his dealings with Russia.
If you only got your news from this bubble: You were closely following the saga of Flynn’s resignation, and hoping that it marked the beginning of congressional investigations into the Trump campaign. Publications in this bubble were by far the most shared across media this week, thanks to close coverage of Flynn’s resignation from the Times, the Post, and CNN — but also thanks to forceful editorials from Thomas Friedman (“What Trump Is Doing Is Not O.K.”) and the Times editorial board (“Time for Congress to Investigate Mr. Trump’s Ties to Russia”).
If you only got your news from this bubble: You wanted to know exactly how this traced back to Trump. After The Atlantic published its bombshell, a Wall Street Journal reporter pointed out that President Trump had tweeted about John Podesta’s hacked emails about 15 minutes after WikiLeaks asked Don Jr. to do so. CNBC also reported that Kislyak had bragged in a Russian-language news interview that the list of Trump associates he’d met with was too long to list.
Before hoverboards started making like Galaxy Note 7’s and spontaneously combusting, the hands-free scooters were a hot-ticket item last holiday season. Which meant plenty of people started off the new year with sprained wrists and broken ankles and scraped hands after promptly falling off the hands-free scooters. (We can’t all be the people in that “Sorry” video.) Nothing like a collective laugh to bring people together.
While your entire office bought lottery tickets and dreamed of splitting the winnings, Steve Bastien designed an image macro that wrongly convinced everyone and their mother on Facebook that if the 300 million people in the United States split the $1.3 billion winnings, everyone would receive $4.3 million and poverty would be solved. Which, because the actual math comes out to $4.33 per person, obviously isn’t true, but that didn’t stop people from from sharing, sharing, and sharing some more across Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
Originally drawn by Illustrator Helen Green for David Bowie’s birthday in 2015, the GIF of 29 different illustrations of Bowie took on a deeper meaning in the wake of his death. While many lacked the words to properly grieve and memorialize the artist who meant so much to so many, Green’s evolving image seemed to capture — at least for a few seconds — the Starman’s indefinable magic.
Turns out all you need to create a decently convincing YouTube hoax is the night sky and a basic working knowledge of After Effects. Australian YouTuber “Johnson Thompson” sent journalists and astronomers into a tizzy trying to explain his footage of strange lights in the night sky. Which they did, with an astronomer from the Australian National University claiming the weird glow was “ball lightning.” Except it wasn’t. Instead, Thompson created the effect by layering day and night footage and mixing some sounds together, he explained in a follow-up video apologizing for the hoax. For his part, Thompson claimed he never meant to defraud anybody … a claim which sounds like a second hoax unto itself.
Less than a year before Vine would go up in smoke, the six-second video app gifted us with this beauty. Starring reality television’s finest, Tiffany “New York” Pollard from Celebrity Big Brother, the looping clip speaks to anybody who has ever lost themselves in laughter through pursed lips and giant sunglasses. Watch it. Watch it again. Watch it ten times. It only gets better with age.
On this day in “Get Your Head Out of the Gutter” content, a picture of what appeared to be a man putting his misshapen ass on a poor, sweet baby took Twitter by storm. Fortunately, this illusion has a happy ending. Look closer and you’ll realize the ass is actually just the bare shoulder and the bald head of a man kissing a poor, sweet baby. I can only imagine the questions this kid is going to have when she grows up.
A fun trend you might have missed if you don’t spend your days keeping up with your Russian friends on Instagram. Or if you don’t have any Russian friends on Instagram. Using face-swapping app MSQRD, people started turning themselves into modern-day Joseph Stalins, complete with the dictator’s strong brow game and iconic mustache. Facebook would acquire MSQRD two months later, and while we’re not saying this trend is why they bought it, we’re also not not saying that.
In the final days of 2015, social-media genius Jared Keller posed an important question to the world: What would it look like if a dog wore pants? Would a dog’s pants cover all four legs or only two? The debate raged on for weeks, with no consensus being reached. Finally, in an interview with YouTube vlogger sWooZie, President Barack Obama gave the world the answer it needed. Just the hind legs. Four would be “too conservative.” Thanks, Obama.
When Netflix released its true-crime mini-series Making a Murderer last winter, people clamored to find out everything they could about Steven Avery and the brutal murder that rocked Manitowoc County, Wisconsin. But the show also created a secondary fandom, this one birthed mostly from Tumblr, surrounding a deep fondness for defense attorney Dean Strang and his particular brand of early-aughts sartorial choices. Come for the trial drama, stay for the relaxed-fit, light-wash denim.
The USA Freedom Kids burst onto the scene after performing a truly strange musical number at a Trump rally in Pensacola, Florida. The song-and-dance number starred three young girls in American-flag dresses singing a catchy, semi-rhyming original tune about the future president-elect, “Cowardice, are you serious?” Clearly they were onto something, because soon enough remixes started popping up on SoundCloud from people feeling both lit and patriotic.
If you’re still friends with anybody you went to high school with on Facebook, there was no escaping Bill, a preachy stick figure espousing social-media etiquette tips. Bill doesn’t check Facebook while he’s in the hospital. Bill turns off his cell phone while he’s at the dinner table. Be like Bill! The meme originated from a Facebook group which racked up over a million followers as people liked and shared the “relatable” memes. A Be Like Bill–inspired generator even popped up that let people create Bill-style memes with their own names. The fame didn’t last long though, backlash came swift and fast for Bill once people learned how to block the memes from their feeds.
Sports are great if you enjoy watching sweaty people compete, but the best meme content often comes from the stands. At the Melbourne Big Bash cricket derby in January, a unknown boy in an orange shirt and blue ball cap plunked down with an entire watermelon and proceeded to eat it like it was an apple. A true lesson in “waste not, want not,” the kid proceeded to chow down, eating not just the fruity center but also the rind and seeds. A viral moment that only lasted a day, the hashtag #watermelonboy lives on to remind us all of this very good kid and his very weird eating habits.
During a game between the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers last winter, Steph Curry expertly swiped the ball away from LeBron James. In that moment, James’s face said it all. Sadness. Disappointment. The understanding that we, as humans, are all fallible. A nice Vine when you need to remind yourself that nobody, not even LeBron James, is perfect.
As temperatures dipped lower and lower, jokesters in Minnesota began soaking pairs of pants in water and then positioning them outside, creating frozen statues that looked like the rapture had come, and all that remained of humanity were a few pairs of frosty, blue jeans. Alternatively, if you ever saw the “When Pants Attack” episode of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius on Nickelodeon, this was basically like that IRL. A viral prank that can only be described as “extremely midwestern,” both in the sense that it only works in brutally cold temperatures and because the prank’s victims were, well, pants.
At this point, if you don an inflatable T. rex costume and do just about anything, you should assume you will be filmed and viewed by thousands on the World Wide Web. In this case, Amy White filmed her husband shoveling snow dressed as a dinosaur and earned several million Facebook views, one “this video is licensed by Jukin Media” stamp, and dozens of ripoff Vine, YouTube, and Twitter videos, and the eternal memory of the internet.
Are you the kind of person who has one sip of wine and finds your lids drooping and your head slumping no matter where you are? You might just be a sleepy wine husband. In a series of photos first posted to Reddit, an anonymous woman jokingly shamed her husband for repeatedly falling to sleep immediately after having just one glass of vino. The photos vary slightly, but the general scene is always the same. A sleeping man on a couch or chair in the background, and a half consumed glass of white wine in the foreground.
Why did the sloth cross the road? To become a meme, of course. After the Ecuadorian Transit Commission rescued a terrified sloth hugging a signpost on a highway in Quevedo, the image of the huddled little creature quickly circulated on social media as a newfound meme mascot for introverts everywhere.
Released at the end of January, Rihanna’s Anti was her first album in over four years. To hype up fans in the days leading up to the drop, the singer tweeted a photo of herself rocking headphones captioned “listening to ANTI.” Which made for easy memeing. Select a photo of someone — Lindsay Lohan, a dog, a dude in a stock photo, truly anyone — wearing headphones and add the same caption.
On January 26, an employee at Universal Studios Orlando donned a Squidward costume, dabbed in a parade, and changed meme history. The first of many SpongeBob SquarePants memes to come out of 2016, the viral Vine opens with a person in the crowd dabbing at the giant cartoon squid. Then the camera zooms in and then the magic happens: Squidward drops one swift dab before returning to waving like nothing ever happened. You couldn’t script content this good if you tried.
What we said at the time: “Isolated into segments, each of these options doesn’t make a ton of sense, but the image works on a holistic level, throwing so many niche references and so much nonsense out at once that it manages to convey the broad weirdness of subculture. Users can tag themselves as one of the options, but that’s not really the point.”
An early election meme pitted then–Democratic Party nominee hopefuls Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton against each other. The concept was simple and easy to replicate: a poster comparing where the two candidates stood on a given issue, edited to include truly key topics like anime, Olive Garden, and Radiohead.
Unlike the high-pitched, nonsense-talking Pikachu of your youth and childhood, this Pikachu — star of the then-unreleased 3DS video game Great Detective Pikachu — spoke in actual words and with the timbre of a grown man. People immediately took to this weird semi-human pocket monster (and his tiny deerstalker cap) and even started a petition to have Danny DeVito voice him in an English version of the game.
After what we can only imagine was a rager of a night, a Twitter user named Jonny Wilson woke up and allegedly found himself in the common area of a nursing home (OAP home) in England. “Oi help have I woken up in a nursing home??” Jonny tweeted along with a photo of a room full of pastel armchairs and doily-covered tables. He then proceeded to go outside for a smoke and lock himself out of the building, despite having left all his things inside. It’s unclear how Jonny wound up inside in the first place or why there were absolutely no old folks to be found, but it was still an excellent meme to kick off the new year.
Leonardo DiCaprio — who at this point was still just a sad dude who had never won an Oscar — won a Screen Actors Guild award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role in a Motion Picture in January for his role in The Revenant. But honestly, the only thing anybody remembers from the night of his win is that he whipped out a vape at his table mid-ceremony. We get it, Leo. You vape.
Another meme plucked straight from the world of SpongeBob SquarePants, the blurry Mr. Krabs meme originated on Twitter as a joke about feeling disoriented when you first wake up from a nap and having your parents yell at you. The image, a modified screenshot from the episode “Patty Hype,” then became the perfect picture to accompany any joke about a confusing or stressful or uncomfortable situation.
Racoon discovers cotton candy. Racoon discovers puddle. Racoon drops cotton candy in said puddle. Raccoon learns the true meaning of loss. A six-second story that delves deep into death and the human condition, the original racoon cotton-candy Vine has since been deleted, but the magic lives on in freebooted YouTube videos. Remember to tell your loved ones how much they mean to you, you never know when they’ll be gone forever.
To prepare for days of camping out in a federal wildlife refuge in rural Oregon, the armed militants who occupied much of the news cycle last January posted their address online and asked for supplies for a brewing government standoff. A call to which Redditors immediately responded, just not with weapons and snacks. Instead, if Reddit is to be believed, people started shipping the protestors boxes of glitter, a play on the viral “Ship Your Enemies Glitter” startup of 2015. Because nothing unites a movement better than the sparkly plastic “herpes of craft supplies.”
As the dust settled around the new year, 20,000 people sat and stared at their screens via live streaming app Periscope (remember Periscope?) as commuters in Newcastle, England, attempted to traverse a massive puddle. Yes. Really. A puddle. The livestream itself was run by a local marketing agency, Drummond Central, where staffers decided to create #DrummondPuddleWatch after watching people struggle to navigate the ever-growing puddle during the rainy English winter. Still, as anyone who has ever tried to force a phenomenon into viral fame, it takes more than a good hashtag; the phenomenon has to mean something to people for it to really catch on. In this case, it meant that thousands of people were really not ready to get back to work after the new year.
As the Oregon militant protests, led by Ammon Bundy and company, waged on, Colin Meloy — who you might know as the Decemberists singer and author of Wildwood — thought the situation was the perfect setup for erotic fanfiction. As with most things on the internet: Ask and ye shall receive. The hashtag #BundyEroticFanFic quickly rose to popularity as people detailed trysts between the men. If you’re into snippets of homoerotic fiction featuring white dudes with guns and beards, this one is for you.
One theory of human evolution, according to a viral tweet from user @jon_snow_420: God “fucked up a perfectly good monkey” by turning it into a human being. “Look at it. it’s got anxiety,” angels observe. Tumblr took the joke and ran with it, because there is almost no better way to describe, say, Hal 9000 than as “a perfectly good computer” fucked up by anxiety.
The only thing more bizarre than Sean Penn secretly meeting with Joaquín Guzmán (a.k.a. “El Chapo”) for an interview with Rolling Stone which ultimately helped lead to the drug lord’s arrest, was watching the world clamor to purchase the shirt El Chapo was seen wearing. (Los Angeles–based clothing store Barabas quickly sold out of the blue “Fantasy” patterned shirt.) A few days later, humbling photos of the arrested, seemingly reflective kingpin spun out into “relatable” memes of their own.
Weeks before the election, the New York Times released several pages of Donald Trump’s 1995 tax returns — which showed he took a $916 million loss that year and possibly has not paid income taxes since. Enter the hashtag #LastTimeTrumpPaidTaxes, with a walk down memory lane filled with pictures of Windows 95, Blockbuster video, and Pocahontas, in honor of, well, the last time Trump (maybe) paid taxes.
While the eyes of most of the nation were drawn to Ken Bone and his red sweater during the second presidential debate, one eagle-eyed Twitter user spotted Bill Clinton in the audience. His face — read: intense side-eye — pretty much summed up how a lot of America was feeling after watching Trump trail Hillary Clinton around stage for an hour and a half.
No one could blame you for thinking that the web is really just an elaborate machine for seeking criticism from strangers, especially not when Twitter games like this are popular. For days, Twitter users tweeted pictures instructing followers to quote the tweet (that is, link to it from another tweet) and impersonate you — “impersonate” being a kindly word for roast in most cases.
After FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver tweeted a pictures of what the electoral map would look like if only women or only men voted — almost entirely blue or red, respectively — folks on Twitter decided to create their own versions of the electoral map. Imagine the nation if only people from Reddit voted.
In any other week, undecided voter and debate-audience member Earlest Johnson would have been the meme star of the presidential debate after someone screenshotted him scowling at Donald Trump. But this was Ken Bone’s week, and it wasn’t until Johnson confirmed he was thinking exactly what we all thought he was thinking — that he planned to vote for Clinton — that he broke through to the recognition he deserved.
What we said at the time: “On Sunday, Ken Bone left his house, split his pants, donned a red sweater, asked a question about energy, and returned home a national celebrity. By early Monday morning, Bone emerged the clear winner of the second presidential debate. Within 24 hours, Bone could be seen on talk shows, heard on radio interviews, and followed on his Twitter account; within 72, he was promoting Uber. And on Thursday night, during a Reddit AMA, reporters searching through old answers discovered that — among other things — Bone frequently commented on erotic photos, and had once written he believed that Trayvon Martin’s killing was justified. And just like that, America exited the Bone zone. The truth is, we should have expected this. Bone’s memeification has followed a pretty standard trajectory as far as internet celebrity goes — a Joseph Campbell–style mono-myth viral cycle consisting of four stages: Memeing, Interviewing, Cashing In, and Falling From Grace. Most human memes and viral celebrities follow this narrative arc gradually, and many never complete it. But Bone managed to traverse it so thoroughly and efficiently — in all of four days — he serves as a teachable model.”
With styrofoam mannequin heads tucked into hooded sweatshirts, two teenagers danced their way through a Target and into viral fame. While not the first in the genre of “dancing with a mannequin on top of your head,” these two get the credit for taking the trend mainstream. Or at least as mainstream as two dancing mannequin heads can be on Twitter.
When anonymous weird-Twitter prankster @randygdub tweeted about ripping up absentee ballots from Trump voters in Ohio, he was making a fairly obvious joke. Or so it seemed to irony-steeped Twitter users. Elsewhere on the internet, it was taken much more seriously, and randy’s post quickly turned into a real right-wing media story. Drudge Report shared a blog post detailing the tweet as news; Scott Baio rage-tweeted that the prankster should be fired from his very legit job as a postal worker. Twitter, rather than wringing its hand over the problem of widely believed misinformation, did what Twitter does best, and fell over itself beating the joke to death.
What we said at the time: “As the 2016 election cycle limps toward November 8, the male vote continues to be of particular importance to both candidates. One candidate is not a man, and the other is a man — a man whose supporters have semi-seriously suggested repealing the 19th Amendment (the one that gave women the right to vote). For some right-leaning dudes, the idea of a guy willingly supporting Hillary Clinton is just too much to stomach. (In fairness, Clinton has struggled somewhat with white male voters in the polls.) Enter Kevin, a New Yorker and vocal Clinton supporter who woke up on Sunday morning to discover an old picture of him from a Clinton campaign event had been co-opted by alt-right Twitter, labeling him a ‘truly disgusting specimen’ and an ‘it.’”
Gigi Hadid, ever the butt of the internet’s jokes, was put on Twitter blast after she told W magazine she was “still learning” to walk on runways. When Just Jared tweeted the quote, the response was hundreds of people — miles of screen real estate to scroll through — replying in a chorus of “we know,” one reply after another.
The dreaded PSAT — the practice SAT that doesn’t really help you get into college, but maybe reminds you that you need to study for the real one — comes around once a year in October, and with it lots of memes created by high-school students that everyone who isn’t a high-school student can only hope to semi-understand: References to Isabel Allende’s Portrait in Sepia, which was apparently on the test! Jokes about the “stickman pattern” of galaxy distribution! Something about … artisan bagels? You had to be there.
A dark day for the internet of cats where at least one Facebook user was kicked off the platform for sharing an innocuous picture of a cat wearing a suit via Facebook Messenger. The account in question was later reinstated with no explanation from Facebook so we’ll just assume they have it out for dapper felines.
In the latest installment in the “hot person goes viral, lands job” series, a chai wallah in Pakistan made people swoon after the blue-eyed man was spotted serving tea in Islamabad by a photographer who posted his picture on Instagram. The wallah, 18-year-old Arshad Khan, was later offered a gig modeling for a local clothing store. And now, what you’ve all been waiting for: “Hot-tea.” (Ouch.)
The first rule of Fight Club memes is that you can’t talk about Fight Club memes. But you can tweet about them, which is what user @pixelatedboat did using pictures of Tyler Durden paired with what The Daily Dot accurately described as lines straight out of Reddit’s /r/showerthoughts.
A freebooted viral video of unknown origin (but kudos to the guy who put it on YouTube and admitted he had no idea where it came from) gave a great Halloween spin to animal videos: Several adorable raccoons reach their cute little hands up through the slats of a porch and attempt to drag your soul straight to hell. The video became a perfect stand-in for “terror” throughout Halloween — and, come to think of it, the terrifying week that followed.
What we said at the time: “’Any questions?’ is how Saturday Night Live’s breakout sketch ‘Haunted Elevator’ ends, and it’s an appropriate button, since many viewers seemingly came away with some. I can’t recall another sketch that has been as popular yet left so many people confused as to why they find it funny. The irony is that the answer is in the question: ‘Haunted Elevator’ — or ‘David Pumpkins,’ as it will forever be known — is confusing by design, looking for a sort of ‘wait, what!?’ laugh. Tom Hanks as David S. Pumpkins asks ‘any questions’ because you should have them — and you do because it is a damn good sketch.”
Of the many memes to come out of the SpongeBob SquarePants universe this year, SpongeBob History — in which stills from the Nickelodeon show were captioned with key moments in history — was by far the most academic. What better way to learn history, really — or, for that matter, to learn SpongeBob?
What we said at the time: “This illusion comes courtesy of Instagrammer @leonardhoespams (who would very much like people to stop stealing the picture: ‘THIS IS MY FUCKING LEGS STOP TAKING TWH PICTURE AND POSTING IT TP UR MEME PAGES WITHOUT CREDITING ME LOLLILOL.’ Depending on how quickly you look at them, the legs appear sparkly or shiny, like they’re covered in oil or out of a cartoon.”
In anticipation of the election, U.S. congressman turned radio host Joe Walsh tweeted that if Trump didn’t win, he’d be grabbing his musket on November 9 and asked others to join. Cryptic! When asked what he planned to do with that musket, Walsh said “doing what it takes to get our country back.” (Musket-based calisthenics?) Twitter took Walsh’s tweet as an opportunity to announce what they’d be grabbing — muskrats, musk, Motorola Razr phones — come November 9.
What we said at the time: “To people who’ve never fallen into a productivity hole on Vine, today’s announcement that the video-sharing app would be ‘discontinued’ doesn’t mean much: just another once-popular social network quietly petering out. To some extent, that’s true — Vine’s biggest stars have mostly moved on to Facebook or YouTube, and many of its functions are now built into the services of its parent company, Twitter. But if you’ve always imagined Vine as a flash-in-the-pan social network populated by nonthreateningly cute teenagers making dumb jokes, you missed out on one of the internet’s weirdest and funniest spaces. To butcher a Velvet Underground myth, not a lot of people used Vine, but everyone who did went out and started a YouTube comedy channel.”
Jolene is a dog whose favorite toy is a plush Gumby. So when Jolene’s owner, Ben, dressed in a Gumby suit and surprised the dog, she mauled him — lovingly, of course. This is the kind of unfettered joy you can’t know unless you have a favorite chew toy that might someday appear to you an order of magnitude larger.
This year, one Google Trends–savvy Twitter user pointed out, web searches for “memes” surpassed searches for “Jesus.” It’s comforting to know that in the trying months of this dark and bad year, people turned to memes for salvation, providing strong evidence that this truly was the year of the meme.
Twitter user Matt Bennett shared a picture of his dog, Kai, pausing on a walk to give another dog, Turk, a kiss over a hedge on a walk. Bennett compared the golden lab and the huskie to Romeo and Juliet, and in a perfect combination of “this is sincere” and “look at those very good dogs,” the tweet was shared over 80,000 times. Seriously, look at those very good dogs.
After getting a manicure, a young woman on Twitter shared a picture showing off one of her hands. The way she positioned her fingers made it look as though she only had four, inspiring the Four-Finger Challenge where other people attempted to obstruct their index fingers from view and take similar pictures. Look, no one said that there was an interesting meme online every day. Just that there was one.
What we said at the time: “If you’ve been on Facebook today, you might have noticed a large number of your friends have seemingly decided to travel to North Dakota on this fine Halloween day, checking in at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, where protesters are currently resisting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline on sacred Sioux land. Except, chances are good most of your friends aren’t where their Facebook would lead you to believe. Instead, checking in at Standing Rock seems to be the latest viral copy-and-paste Facebook status to take over the World Wide Web.”
During the vice-presidential debate between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence, Kaine took the opportunity to bring up Donald Trump’s nasty habit of referring to Mexicans as rapists and criminals. To which Mike Pence retorted, “Senator, you whipped out that Mexican thing again,” a sentence so, well, bad, that no one even remembers the rest of what happened in the debate. The hashtag #ThatMexicanThing sprang up as a way for people to share stories about what it’s really like to be Latino in this country. Also, let this be a lesson to all other politicians, if you’re considering using any variant on the phrase “whip out that thing” … don’t.
When beauty blogger Alexandria Nicole noticed the website DressLily.com was using a selfie from her personal Instagram account to advertise a synthetic wig, she asked the company to remove the stolen image. Instead, the company Photoshopped — and very poorly at that — another woman’s face over Nicole’s. Which didn’t exactly fix the problem, but did make a lot of people online laugh.
Among the many great visual themes of this year has been “former Republican critics of Donald Trump resigning themselves to their fate as his lackeys.” In October, the victim was Ted Cruz. Looking like the saddest man alive, Cruz sat down at a phone bank in Texas to inspire voters to hit the polls in November. In a now-deleted video, you could hear Cruz leaving messages about the importance of voting to support the Constitution, but failing to mention Donald Trump or Mike Pence. Still, the sight of Cruz sitting like a glum hostage in front of a wall covered in Trump-Pence posters was better than hearing him say “Vote Trump.”
What we said at the time: “Somehow, in the year of our Lord 2016, the 1980s are still irresistible. PhotoFunia’s ‘Retro Wave’ generator takes whatever words your liberal-arts education has taught you and transforms them into a neon-colored, Lisa Frank–in–the–ENCOM–mainframe celebration of 1980s design choices. (Pro tip: Crank up this Atari theme music while reading this post for a truly immersive experience.)”
This excellently stupid teen trend involved standing in front of a mirror with the camera app open on your cell phone and then snapping a picture while throwing your phone into the air and high-fiving yourself. Done correctly, you got a blurry, handless selfie. Done wrong and you got a trip to the Apple Store for a new phone.
What we said at the time: “Tonight’s presidential debate was run as a town hall, meaning that during the course of the 90-minute event, some audience members (undecided voters from Missouri) took the mike and asked candidates specific questions. Among these participatory and inexplicably undecided citizens was a man named Kenneth Bone, whose vibrant red sweater, pure and earnest face, and enthusiastically delivered question about energy sources have boosted him to internet-celebrity status. Select All is proud to introduce the man, the myth, the legend: Kenneth Bone.”
Sexters throughout the world — in particular those using iOS — were dismayed to find out that in beta versions of its new software, Apple was testing a version of the peach emoji. Why were sexters disappointed? Because since the dawn of emoji history, the peach icon has resembled, and been used to stand in for, the butt. Now how were we supposed to convey “butt” in our texting? Write out the word? Like a caveman? Luckily, a more buttlike peach was reintroduced a few weeks later.
For all that President Obama might have indicated his support for President-elect Donald Trump, and for all that Trump might have claimed to be ready for the job, the photograph that emerged from the meeting didn’t lie: Neither man looked like he wanted to be there; neither seemed to be trying very hard to hide their embarrassment — and the internet pounced.
One day in November, hundreds of people logged into Facebook to discover that the social-networking giant had declared them all dead. Sadly, the promise of death’s sweet release was nothing but a technical glitch on Facebook’s part — coincidentally happening just as the company was under fire for spreading boatloads of false information.
The duality of man (and, uh, frog) has never been more apparent than in this meme, which pits Kermit against an evil, cloaked counterpart to represent the better and worse angels of your nature. Using a screengrab from a Muppets movie from a couple years ago, memesters revealed their internal struggle when it came to topics like going in or staying out, or petting, versus stealing, dogs. Very relatable.
The era of Obama-Biden — the greatest administration meme culture has ever seen — draws to a sad close, but not without some final meme excitement. Social-media users had a lot of fun imagining how the vice-president might make life difficult for Trump. Step one: tiny shampoo bottles for his tiny hands.
Footage of three cows stranded like stylites on a small patch of grass went viral after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake in New Zealand. The trio was eventually rescued (a path was dug for them and they wandered to safety), but not before going a full day without water and turning into relatable bovine heroes to an internet watching the world crumbling around them.
A meme built on a classic television and film trope, the joke here is simple. Pick any moment in time where a record scratch noise might cut in, the camera would pause (freeze frame), and the person on screen could begin an internal monologue explicating their current situation, whether it be good or bad. Works for anything from Usain Bolt smiling his way across the finish line to depressed Ted Cruz forcibly phone banking for Donald Trump.
There was perhaps no better metaphor for this year than the two Bald Eagles that got stuck in a Florida storm drain in mid-November. The funny photo became much less so (though much more poignant) when one of the eagles died, and the metaphor became more or less complete.
Why would redditors and Facebook meme-makers create hundreds of memes based around the trebuchet, a medieval siege weapon? Because trebuchets can throw a 90-kilogram stone more than 300 meters. That’s the reason, and the only reason. Catapults, get lost.
A creeping foam blob emerged in California, its origins unknown and its intentions unclear, and the internet watched, riveted, probably hoping it would leak across the nation. Imagine letting the foam consume you, taking you away from this wretched plane of existence.
After Vice-President-elect Mike Pence was addressed politely by the cast of Hamilton, conservatives took to Twitter to express their outrage at the musical — tweeting at the Hamilton Theatre in Ontario, Canada. Wrong Hamilton, wrong country. Good effort, though.
Another example of the power of memes to do evil: 4chan trolls and other alt-right Trump supporters circulated images on Twitter instructing people to vote for Hillary by texting. (This is not something that’s possible to do.) It’s likely that very few people were fooled by the memes, but Twitter eventually took the posts down anyway.
On November 9, Twitter user @EricTucker tweeted out photos of a group of coach buses, alleging that they were full of paid protesters. Tucker, who had a few dozen Twitter followers at the time, got picked up by various conservative news outlets and the official Donald Trump subreddit; soon his tweet was being used as dubious evidence across the blogosphere, eventually worming its way up to the president-elect himself. Eventually, the New York Times untangled the meme and uncovered its origins, but not before the damage had been done and the story had entered public (and official) consciousness.
Remember the Dress? Well, this is that, but flip-flops. Any questions?
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, who spent the year trying to deflect criticism over his platform’s apparent unwillingness to combat harassment, briefly found himself in an ironic situation when his own account was suspended from the service. The minor technical issue was quickly resolved, but not before most of Twitter got its digs in.
Just as there are wonderful teen video crazes, there are also terrible ones: This hot new teen meme involves throwing backpacks at your friends and probably giving them concussions. Don’t do this. Stick to the Mannequin Challenge.
Thanks to a phone-number mix-up, Wanda Dench of Mesa, Arizona, accidentally ended up inviting Jamal Hinton to Thanksgiving dinner. Even after realizing the case of mistaken identity, Hinton asked if he could still come. Without missing a beat, Dench replied, “Of course you can. That’s what grandmas do … feed everyone.”
Tumblr had a Thanksgiving-weekend freakout after discovering a chain of posts between two users that chronicled how one — royallyoily — had mailed her severed toe to fellow Tumblrite cummy-eyelids so that it could be turned into a necklace. “Uuuuhhhhh….????!!!” was the collective response on Tumblr. “Yeah, makes sense that that would happen on Tumblr,” was the response of anyone not on Tumblr.
Photos of Ashton Howell, a small kid also known as Ashton J. or Honey Bun Baby, began circulating at the end of November after his uncle posted an image of Ashton’s knowing smile to Instagram. Suddenly, meme-child Gavin had real competition. Ashton’s photos became so popular that even celebrities like Chance the Rapper looked to Ashton for guidance; others, meanwhile, pitted Ashton and Gavin against one another.
A photo of Ellen DeGeneres near tears during her acceptance of the Presidential Medal of Freedom was turned into the perfect reaction image on Twitter. Michael Jordan, somewhere, breathes a teary sigh of relief that he’s now not the only crying-celebrity meme.
U.K. tabloid The Daily Mail asked readers whether photogenic couple Mel Tansley and James Ferguson were Britain’s best-looking couple, and Twitter challenged the claim by providing alternatives: a pair of traffic cones, Olympic mascots, a man in a dog costume.
Mitt Romney wants to be secretary of State badly enough that he allowed himself to be photographed at one exploratory dinner with the Donald. But, as always, photos can reveal truths not heard in official statements: Trump looked devilishly pleased, while Romney looked somewhere between caught-cheating and Jim Halpert — or, for that matter, like he’d been taken hostage.
In a year of weird videos produced by BuzzFeed’s expanding Los Angeles “motion pictures” department, this one about “masturbation hacks” may have taken the cake (of soap). The piece of advice in which the viewer is told to cut a hole in a bar of soap, and then, you know, with the bar of soap, was so outrageous it became the subject of a day’s worth of Twitter jokes.
Two things happened on November 30 this year. The creator of the Big Mac, Michael “Jim” Delligatti, died at the age of 98. And Vagisil released a new ad spot for a product to help anybody with a dehydrated vagina. The two events should have remained completely unrelated, but Ad Age mistakenly tweeted a picture of a Big Mac with a piece about the dehydrated vagina ad. Ad Age later apologized and told Twitter users to enjoy a laugh at the publication’s expense. Which, of course, Twitter did.
This year saw a number of excellent big-group teen dance crazes, but the best one required no dancing at all: the mannequin challenge, in which teenagers (and sometimes their parents or teachers) would stand perfectly still in elaborate and often narrative tableaux vivants, generally soundtracked by Rae Sremmurd’s “Black Beatles.” The craze is still going strong, and was so widely adopted that even a white Beatle — Paul McCartney — did his own video.
Someone should make an airbrushed T-shirt of all of this year’s virally hot guys jamming together in heaven. November’s hot-guy-discovered-by-the-internet was a construction worker in Amsterdam, initially spotted by @MaddoLuu.
As the prophet Samuel L. Jackson foretold in the 2006 thriller Snakes on a Plane, there are motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane. On this day in meme history, an actual snake was found hanging from an overhead bin on an actual plane; the motherfucking reptile was spotted by a passenger on an Aeromexico flight between Torreón and Mexico City.
At a rally in Florida, Donald Trump held up a mask of his own face, creating a kind of horrific real-life version of the Evil Kermit meme and providing an enduring nightmare image to keep in our brains for the next four to eight years.
The anxiety of Election Day was so much that it led some people to take up, well, a little something to take the edge off that you can hold between two fingers. You know what I’m talking about — cigarettes. And cigars. And, uh, Tootsie Rolls? And Jack Daniel’s, and party favors, and soft dog ears, and big bottles of bleach. You know: just a little something to take the edge off.
Following the election, commuters in the Union Square subway station left Post-it Notes with encouraging messages to other New Yorkers stuck to the wall. The practice followed elsewhere, and public collections of Post-its became a way for people to send messages of perseverance and encouragement to their fellow citizens — especially at some high schools, where female students left notes of support to each other in the bathrooms.
What happens when you listen to the Killers’ classic “Mr. Brightside”? Here is a simple illustration: In one panel, is a dog sitting in a cage with the door closed. In the next, the dog is standing up, coming out of his cage, and, to quote the opening line from “Mr. Brightside,” doing just fine. Having trouble with your day? Listen to Mr. Brightside once.
Starbucks may be the unfair yearly target of conservatives who insist that the chain doesn’t celebrate Christmas explicitly enough — but McDonald’s has the really anti-Christmas cups. A design meant to represent two mittens looks, to an internet-addled mind, a lot more like the infamous “goatse” image (to which we will not link, but inquiring minds are free to Google). Holiday cheer is not the only thing spreading here.
A December parade in suburban North Carolina is not, you’d think, a particularly lit event. But you’d be surprised! Dora was lit; Minnie was lit. The whole thing was lit, and the internet responded with the gift of virality.
One of the iron-clad rules of the internet is that no good has ever come from a tweet that begins with “Thread” — indicating the beginning of a multi-part Twitter essay. This rule largely held up for analyst Eric Garland’s thread explaining a “meme that says Obama, Clinton, et al. are doing nothing, just gave up” — except that it provided Twitter with the wonderful opening line “Guys. It’s time for some game theory.” The thread was roughly six million tweets long; his promised application of “game theory” was hit or miss (okay, mostly miss) depending on whom you asked; but at least everyone had a new line to quote-tweet and laugh at for a few hours.
For not-really-adequately explained reasons, Kim Kardashian’s husband Kanye West met briefly with Donald Trump at Trump Tower. During the photo op after their convo, West told reporters he had nothing to say, adding, “I just want to take a picture right now.” (The pair apparently talked about “life.”) The image of the two men hugging and standing side by side in the gilded lobby was, to anyone who might have expected more from the rapper famous for saying George W. Bush doesn’t “care about black people,” dispiriting, but at the very least it inspired a flood of bitter, funny jokes.
In case you need more evidence that memes have become universal and generation-blind: A mother created her own version of the Evil Kermit meme after her 19-year-old daughter told her she was going out. “She’s only young once, let her have fun,” the mom says in one photo. “No, tell her to come home for no apparent reason,” the mom, now wearing a dark cloak, says in the other. Take a long look: This is how parenting will look, forever, from now on.
What we said at the time: “There’s nothing like a fun hashtag to make you really come to grips with your own mortality. Lately, #2006vs2016 has had brave Twitter users sharing a picture from ten years ago alongside a shot of their present-day selves. From one photo to another, adorably awkward (and deeply relatable) tweens and teens with questionable haircuts, plucked-to-extinction brows, and jauntily angled bucket hats magically evolve into full-on grown-ups with secondary sex characteristics and sleep debts. There’s hope for all of you yet, seventh graders who’ve just discovered eyeliner.”
A picture of Sarah Paulson touching Rihanna’s faux locs on the subway while filming Ocean’s Eight was like centuries of rude and inappropriate hair-touching concentrated into a single image. It’s still unclear if this was for a scene in the film or if Paulson reached out unscripted to touch Rihanna’s hair, but it didn’t matter to Twitter, which went heavy on references to Solange’s “Don’t Touch My Hair.”
Even the car crashes in Canada are gentle: Several cars, two buses, and a police car all fell victim to a particularly icy street in Montreal, sliding into each other in a slow-motion glide like something out of a cartoon. The video was good enough — add in some “Yakety Sax,” or, even better, “Hide and Seek” to take things to the next level.
In anticipation of the announcement of the Time “Person of the Year,” one Twitter user decided to prematurely bestow the honor upon a long-beloved meme which perfectly sums up the past year or so: a cartoon dog, drawn by illustrator K.C. Green, sitting in a house on fire, sipping coffee. “This is fine,” he says. A few days later, Donald Trump would be officially named Time’s Person of the Year. This is fine.
Unless your last name is “Trump” or “Pence” — and maybe even if it is — 2016 has been a pretty tough year. Celebrity deaths. Global warming. The presidential election. To commemorate the effect the year from hell has had on all of our bodies and souls, people on Twitter have been sharing pictures representing what they looked like at the beginning of 2016 (cheery! Healthy!) versus what they like by the end (haggard! Mangled!).
The world’s top paid YouTuber, Felix “PewDiePie” Kjellberg, announced that once he hit 50 millions followers he would delete his account. In the weeks leading up to this announcement, Kjellberg was vocal about his issues with the YouTube platform, joking that views on his videos were suppressed because he was white. When he hit the 50-million milestone (a feat which was no doubt helped by his threats to vanish his channel), Kjellberg did delete an account, just not his main one. Instead, he deleted a secondary channel with only a million followers. Ah, the dramatic life of a content creator.
What we said at the time: “Today in absolutely horrifying images that will stick with you from now until your imminent death: an Instagram account devoted to photos of Queen Elizabeth II with Donald Trump’s face layered over them. It’s convincing. It’s alarming. And somebody over at Buckingham Palace might want to check in on Her Highness and maybe talk about switching up her foundation color.”
While the best-known use of Snapchat is to help people send pictures of their junk to each other, its true function is, in fact, to confuse and amaze the elders of our society. Case in point: this mom, whose horrified reaction to her own filtered face has become a frequently shared meme, both as a video and as a still image. If you want to know what “living in the future” looks like, it’s this.
Confirming that high school is still weirder, and possibly more dangerous, than any other setting, someone dumped a bag of onions all over this high-school toilet, and the subsequent tweet (and debate over whether it was onions or cabbage) went up like a warning signal. The scary truth is that we still don’t know who the mysterious Chopped Onion High School Bandit was, and we likely never will. Somewhere out there, a menace with a bag full of onions is plotting his or her next attempt at a baffling toilet experience.
Crying Jordan launched a thousand thinkpieces — but no one knew what its subject thought of his transformation from godlike basketball player to go-to image of sadness and defeat. Until now: “Everyone seems to be having fun with the meme,” a rep for Jordan told TMZ. Crying Jordan would go on to be one of the year’s defining memes, in part because holy crap did lots of people lose badly and unexpectedly this year.
Kanye had to know what would happen when he revealed the artwork for his newest album, The Life of Pablo. It’s a lot of text? It took less than a day for competing artwork generators to start producing TLOP-imitating images, taking the meme to the “tlop” of the charts. I’m sorry.
Ben Carson is somehow both a famous brain surgeon and also not the most awake, uh, bulb in the box. Campaigning for president in February, Carson quoted Stalin — or, actually, he quoted one of those emails your mom’s cousin sends you on occasion, with a totally fake Stalin quote. Yes: Fake right-wing memes had reached the highest levels of campaigning. Carson is likely to be our next secretary of Housing and Urban Development, at which point we can only hope he’ll read one of those “from Robin Williams” emails about service workers speaking English.
Doing one thing is so 2015. Doing both? That’s about as 2016 as it gets. Drake, the only rapper who can seriously challenge Kanye as a meme object, can look good in both casual and formal clothes, as Twitter user @MikeShotya_ pointed out. Can your man do both? You should get you a man who can do both: A man like Jeb Besh, or Guy Fieri, both of whom were subsequently identified as men “who can do both.” “Doing both” is now a meme, among our most philosophical: Do we regulate our Janusian impulses, or do we embrace them? Must the war between “class” and “swag” rage forever, or can we reach a détente?
Fun fact: people who are now old were once hot. Many people know this but are still surprised by it. Case in point: this photo of a hot soldier. Hundreds of thousands of people were surprised that an old person was once young, to the point that he became a Reddit meme. You learn something new every day.
The meme wars got ugly in February when Marco Rubio accused fellow presidential contender Ted Cruz of dirty Facebook tricks: Cruz operatives reportedly spread a deceptive endorsement from a fake account (“Trey Gowdy Prayers”) named for congressional representative Trey Gowdy. Never let anyone tell you that meme endorsements don’t matter.
Jeb Bush really tried. He really did just try so hard to win that big president chair in the Oval Office. But as the campaign was getting desperate, Jeb did what most desperate people do: He bought a gun, got it engraved, and then tweeted it. It was immediately, and roundly, mocked, and became second only to “please clap” in the list of “embarrassing things Jeb Bush did in his quest for the Republican nomination.”
In 2016, we pressed right up against the edge of good taste by taking selfies with everything. Was there anything we didn’t take a selfie with? I don’t think so. Worst on the list of “things that we took selfies with” was probably this dolphin, whose death became an international story and stand-in for everything that’s wrong with people on the internet in 2016.
What is there to say about Damn, Daniel that hasn’t already been said? It’s just a nice meme about two boys who love and support each other very much. Daniel loves his white vans, and Josh loves that Daniel loves his white vans. Video of Josh gently and affectionately needling Daniel over his shoes (“Back at it again with the white Vans!”) went crazy viral in February. Why? It was pretty funny, sure, but the real secret is that Daniel is cute in a high-school way, and thirsty teenagers are the true engine of the meme internet.
You might assume that the viral video entitled “History of Japan” is not accurate or earnest, but this really is a very good short history of Japan, and video artist Bill Wurtz’s ASMR-like cadence and smooth jams made it a favorite on Tumblr (which loves content that’s both goofy and quietly educational), where frames from the video like “how ‘bout i do anyway?” and “the mongols” became beloved reaction images.
As we prepared to say goodbye to Barack Obama, an undeniably “cool” president, we celebrated the commander-in-chief by noting how much small children loved him. I’m sure the same will be true of our next president!
Jay Z got stuck between Kendrick Lamar and Beyoncé at a basketball game, and — as the internet noticed — he did not seem to enjoy it. What was he thinking? Did he know that Lemonade would be dropping a few weeks later? Did he really have to pee but was too shy to excuse himself? Maybe a third option?
You might think the internet is big enough for multiple accounts that post relatable reaction images featuring Thomas the Tank Engine. But apparently there isn’t, and @Thomas_Reacts and @ThomasReacts_ went to war over who the true Thomas fan account was. The battle over who had the rights to the (reaction-image-based) legacy of everyone’s favorite steam engine became a key event on Twitter, where anything involving weirdos fighting immediately reaches meme status.
The internet discovered another hot guy.
As the primary wore on, bored and hostile Twitter users with a distaste for the Texas senator’s politics (and creepy mien) began to spread “rumors” (read: jokes) that Ted Cruz was secretly the infamous Zodiac Killer. Diagrams were outlined, photographs were edited, erotic fanfiction was written, all in service of the campaign’s defining mystery: Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer? (Just to be clear: He’s not. We’re pretty sure.) The peak of the meme came in February, when polling organization Public Policy Polls asked everyday Americans what they thought.
What we said at the time: “‘Weird’ in this case refers both to the tone of the humor and the ways that the site is being used. The ‘weird’ version of any social network is the one in which its tools are pushed past the bounds of their intended purposes, usually for the purposes of inscrutable, self-referential humor.”
The year’s most meme-friendly, utterly insane conspiracy theory posited that internationally renowned pop star Katy Perry was actually JonBenét Ramsey, the 6-year-old beauty queen who was murdered in 1996. The evidence was about as compelling as it ever is: They kinda looked alike in certain photos, but an internet excited for something to talk about other than politics seized on the theory. (Perry, for the record, has yet to deny that she is murder victim JonBenét Ramsey.)
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of the global phenomenon, a brigade of dancing Pikachus took over New York City. Who doesn’t love Pikachu? Nobody, that’s who. Especially not online.
It’s rare that we get to truly retire a meme, raising its jersey into the rafters instead of letting it fade into obscurity and old-timers’ games. But it happened this year, when Leonard DiCaprio finally won an Academy Award, and the long-running jokes and memes about DiCaprio’s yearly Oscar snub no longer applied. He finally got his Oscar, and a thousand memes were retired to the vault.
In the ashes of the “Leo doesn’t have an Oscar” meme’s irrelevance, a new meme arises: Chrissy Tiegen, whose grimace at the surprise appearance of Stacey Dash perfectly encapsulated how many people were feeling at the moment. (And at many moments.) It is rare to find a model equally at home doing swimsuits and emoji faces, but Tiegen is a rare talent.
In the winter, ancient analog footage of a kid named Brett Ambler, star of the video “Special Friends: Starring You on Kazoo,” went viral. (The key attraction was Ambler saying the word “fun” way too many times.) As with any viral video, Ambler’s stylings were remixed and reshaped, and well, obviously, someone made a trap remix of it.
On February 3, while giving a short speech in New Hampshire, Jeb Bush was forced to ask — not demand, not order, but ask, politely but defeatedly, as you might ask a three-year-old to stop bothering you — his audience to clap for a particularly forceful portion of his speech. By the next day, his campaign was essentially over in the mind of anyone near Vine or Twitter, where “please clap” became synonymous with Jeb Bush. At least, until he tweeted a photograph of a monogrammed gun.
It’s Sunday, it’s 11 a.m., it’s time to head over to that cute café you passed by last week. You and your friends made a plan to check out their brunch menu, maybe get a little tipsy on mimosas. You arrive at the restaurant, but nobody is there. You wait. Ten minutes. Twenty minutes. One by one, your friends cancel, too hungover after a long night out. It’s just you, alone. You are this sea lion, discovered in February by San Diego chef Bernard Guillas at his restaurant, the Marine Room.
If you got your head stuck in a vase, people would make fun of you. But when this cat does it, it becomes a Reddit god and turns the message board into festival of worship, punnery, and Photoshop, as happened on this day in February. And you don’t even throw up on the floor very often!
While the rest of the Manning family celebrated as Peyton locked up his second Super Bowl win, little brother Eli Manning — already a champion twice — realized that he no longer had bragging rights. His look of despair as his relatives cheered and screamed showed pure, distilled dread, and was the most relatable moment at the entire Super Bowl.
Like you or I might, Beyoncé stayed at an AirBnB before her Super Bowl performance, and like you or I might, she took a low-light photograph near the fire pit. Unlike you or I, the photo quickly became a reaction image deployed across Twitter: the look of someone who has receipts and is waiting to show them.
Jason Mohammad, a presenter for the BBC’s Crimewatch, maybe should have been crime-watching … himself. He was in for a slight surprise after a mugshot of the similar-looking Viktor Lakatos appeared beside him on-screen, resulting in a freeze-frame that was too good not to share.
In March, onetime Republican presidential contender Chris Christie introduced his former opponent Trump at an event in Florida. He looked, well, about the same as anyone who thought he might one day be president, and then felt obligated to endorse Donald Trump. One Twitter joke about how Christie was being held hostage later, and the hashtag #FreeChrisChristie was born.
An even more viral follow-up to “puppy or bagel,” this series of images compares tiny Chihuahua faces to little blueberry muffins. A fun internet gag because now when you eat a blueberry muffin, all you’ll be able to think about are the beady little dog eyes staring back at you.
Imagine how much more you would have retained in high-school history if your lessons had been taught with memes. After seeing a picture of a student presentation using an otter meme to discuss Hitler, Twitter’s @TylerIAm decided revisit important moments in history. A Crying Michael Jordan Photoshopped in the shape of Ireland to represent the Great Famine. His hashtag #MemeHistory caught on and inspired hundreds of meme lessons.
Following his massive rise to viral fame (thanks to a video starring his white Vans sneakers and personal hype man), Daniel Lara, a.k.a. “Damn, Daniel,” received a lifetime supply of the sneakers from the company, which, in a move surprisingly pleasant for an internet-famous teenager, he donated to a local children’s hospital. Aww!
If you were to draw a Venn diagram depicting the overlap between the evolving importance of face-swapping technology and the #FreeTheNipple movement, the center would be this very important video clip of a woman successfully swapping her actual face for a boob with a face drawn on it in marker.
Sixty feet of tweed and a month of work went into creating a three-piece suit for British racehorse Morestead. Complete with a collared shirt and tie, pants, and a jaunty cap, the horse looked nothing short of dapper. Plus, now we know if a horse wore pants he’d wear them on all four legs.
What we said at the time: “Bloggers are finding emotional connections between their own experiences and the founding fathers’. They’re translating everything into internet-speak, willfully extracting the founders’ words from their 18th-century contexts. And most of all, they’re arguing for hidden queer histories living at the heart of the most sacred era of American politics. Like Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Hamilton, the founding-father fandom on Tumblr audaciously takes a history that’s felt staid and old reimagines it as something funny and contemporary and vital.”
Generally speaking, there are two kinds of internet “challenges”: Fun ones where high schoolers all do something in unison, and terrible ones that make people feel bad about their bodies. A4 Paper Challenge, which involves mostly women holding pieces of A4 printer paper in front of their waists, is the latter. To “win” (if that’s even the right term here) the challenge, your waist needed to be smaller than the sheet of paper, hiding your body from sight. Fortunately, the hashtag #A4Challenge was later reclaimed on Twitter with an emphasis on body positivity.
The two things most loved by the internet might be heartrending photographs and the castigation of millennials, so it is no wonder that “Sad Papaw” was an enormous viral moment. The story: While Papaw made burgers for all six of his grandkids, Kelsey, the granddaughter who took and tweeted the photo, was the only one who bothered to show up. Do not be sad for Sad Papaw, however: A day after the depressing dinner, Kelsey told Select All Papaw was “doing fine” and knew he was loved.
When Swiss photographer Tiziana Vergari Instagrammed a picture of her two daughters sitting in front of a mirror, she had no idea the amount of confusion and stress she was about to cause the internet. While — as Vergari later noted in the comments section of her photo — the picture contains her only two daughters, the mirror creates a major optical illusion where there are up to 13 different young women sitting in the hotly contested viral image.
A good and patriotic time on the World Wide Web, people around the country tuned into a livestream feed from the U.S. National Arboretum in Washington, D.C., tracking the nest of eagles named Mr. President and the First Lady. As Mr. President and the First Lady excitedly waited for their eggs to hatch, so did we. March 2016 was a simpler time.
Jordan Alexander of Syracuse, New York, now holds the title of the unhappiest woman in the happiest place on Earth. This photo of a grumpy-looking lady riding Splash Mountain went viral after her husband, Steven, posted it on Imgur. “I wouldn’t go on Splash Mountain with my wife,” he explained in the photo’s caption. On its own, the image of Alexander grimacing was good for a laugh, but once Redditors started Photoshopping her into all sorts of situations, a meme had been born.
The only thing better than crashing a wedding is crashing a birth. When brothers Dennis and Deorick Williams accidentally received a text message informing them of a stranger’s newborn baby, they did the only polite thing to do: They asked for the room number and brought gifts. There is nothing more lovely, and few things more viral, than stories of goofy kindness like this one.
The rise of Donald Trump and his campaign also brought with it the Woke Toddler: The child who speaks to his or her mommy or daddy about world issues with the eloquence of a political columnist, and whose words are — sometimes suspiciously — published to Twitter. There was no more perfect breeding ground for the woke toddler than the 2016 election, and Twitter in the spring was filled with real woke toddlers, fake woke toddlers, satirical woke toddlers, and deeply unwoke toddlers.
What we said at the time: “On popular social-media platforms, sons are more popular than ever, but not for the reason you might think. (Actually, I don’t know the reason you might think.) Sons are burning up social media because people are posting photographs with the caption ‘Don’t talk to me or my son ever again.’ Weird, right? It’s actually not that complicated. See, what you do is you take a thing, and pair it with a smaller, identical version of that thing, and then caption it … you guessed it: ‘Don’t talk to me or my son ever again.’”
The internet has a long history of saxophone-related memes. This year’s, of course, was videos that mixed the opening saxophone lick from “Run Away With Me” (off Carly Rae Jepsen’s 2015 album Emotion) with another, funnier video — like Jennifer Garner playing the saxophone or Rihanna looking shocked after passing the mike to a fan in the audience — became a standard running trope on Vine.
When Microsoft introduced Tay, the company’s “teen” Twitter chat bot, it seemed like a fun, if tame, idea: You could ask the bot questions about One Direction or the weather and Tay would respond with garbled teen slang that more or less constituted an answer. But the bot, like a real teen, learned as it chugged along, so when Tay became a target of 4chan’s infamous /pol/ board, it was only a matter of hours before she started championing Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust and had to be shut down.
It’s been a hell of a recent time for Ben Affleck: A highly public separation. A return to smoking. And, well, Batman v Superman. When asked in an interview about the fact that their movie was getting panned, Henry Cavill (that’s Superman) attempted to defend the film — explaining that while critics were going negative, fans were really digging the movie. And Ben Affleck? Ben Affleck, Batman, sat in complete silence looking depressed.
After a bird made a surprise landing on Bernie’s podium at a rally in Oregon, the little winged creature became known around the world as “Birdie Sanders.” Memes were created. A hashtag trended. And the Sanders campaign really leaned into it, releasing a Twitter poster featuring Sanders and Birdie.
Just a few weeks after five of his grandkids bailed on dinner with him and Papaw became the internet’s saddest viral sensation, Kenneth Harmon (Papaw’s real name) hosted a second dinner, and this time plenty of people came. With some help from his grandkids, the same ones who blew him off the first time, Papaw sold burgers and T-shirts to several hundred people.
In plays, you have Chekov’s gun; in cartoons, Chekov’s banana peel. But the eternal question is, of course, Is a banana peel actually slippery? This was the 2016 teen test to find out. Answer: They are. An initial viral video of a young man slipping on a peel prompted hundreds of responses under the hashtag #bananapeelchallenge.
Seif Eldin Mustafa reportedly hijacked an EgyptAir flight while wearing a belt covered in fake explosives at the end of March. After taking over the plane, he forced the crew to land in Cyprus so he could deliver a love letter to his ex-wife. Sadly, for both him and the passengers, he never got to deliver the letter following a multi-hour standoff which led to his arrest. At the very least, nobody was hurt, and we got plenty of tweets rendering Mustafa’s, um, romantic efforts into darkly funny memes.
“The Skeleton Dance,” an excellent routine scholars believe to be inspired by Disney’s 1929 black-and-white animated short The Skeleton Dance, is alive and well, especially in this video, in which several small children dance it out on the blacktop at recess. While one dabs, the other performs what can only be described as the best “bees’ knees” moves the world has ever known.
Because nobody ever told the State Department the rule about never tweeting, somebody over there decided to offer some 140-character safety tips for travellers headed abroad for spring break. Which was fine, until one of the tips attempted to remind travelers that if they’re not “a 10” in the United States, they’re also not “a 10” anywhere else, and should be wary of anybody treating them as such. (The metric system does not apply to casual misogyny.) A stream of reply tweets later from dozens of people calling them out, the State Department apologized but the damage had already been done.
What we said at the time: “Nintendo’s first app Miitomo, pronounced “mee-toh-moh,” is available on iOS and Android in the United StatesIn Miitomo, you use your Mii to walk around a single room and visit your friends, also presented in Mii form. You answer small-talk conversation-starter questions about yourself. You earn coins that can then be used to buy new, goofy outfits, and accessories. That’s it; it’s pretty simple.”
While shopping in a Whole Foods, Nathalie Gordon noticed the store was selling peeled oranges in individual plastic containers. Which she found odd, since oranges come with their own naturally grown containers, also known as peels. One viral tweet later, Whole Foods apologized, but the damage was done.
On this day in meme history, a series of paparazzi photos of Rami Malek — star of Mr. Robot and onetime Seventh Day Adventist guest star on Gilmore Girls — staring with intense concern and dramatically raised eyebrows at, for inexplicable reasons, a parking meter, were first brought to Twitter’s attention. Months later, a Select All reporter would ask him what was going through his head in that now-viral moment. His response? “I thought there was a camera in there staring at me!”
If anyone was wondering why the small-handed Donald Trump would call his opponent Marco Rubio “li’l Marco,” look no further than this photo of the Florida senator sitting on a giant chair in a furniture store from August 2015 at an event in New Hampshire. No one would ever vote for Edith Ann for president.
The existential similarity between two things the internet loves — food and cute animals — was revealed in a series of tweets. First, images of ducklings and plantains in November 2015: Which was which? Next, fried chicken and labradoodles: Can you tell them apart? And finally on March 7, the meme Rorschach test’s breakout moment: Puppies and bagels. You’ll never look at a dog or a carb the same way again.
Despite filing for bankruptcy in summer 2015, 50 Cent continued posting Instagram pictures depicting the artist lounging around with piles and piles of money. Trash cans full of money. When a judge called him out on his displays of wealth, 50 finally came clean and admitted all the money was fake.
A truly great innovation in virtual reality that we have yet to see happen. The Cat-Petting Simulator was the brainchild of Andy Pandy, who tweeted a short video clip of two animated hands petting a very cute VR cat, deeming it a concept that would make him millions. And while the simulator — to our knowledge — never materialized, we still think it would be gold. The future is meow, as they say.
This April Fools’ Day, the folks at Google decided to celebrate the holiday by giving users the option to add a GIF of a yellow Minion dropping a microphone at the end of an email. Which was funny, kind of, unless you accidentally attached one to an important email — which some people did, allegedly losing jobs over the prank. Like that, the mike-drop prank became synonymous with “ill-advised corporate goofiness”; Google pulled the gag and apologized before the day was even halfway over.
After news broke of British Prime Minister David Cameron’s father’s involvement with offshore accounts implicated in the Panama Papers, Cameron took matters into his own hands and released six years of his own tax returns. The returns showed Cameron had inherited a large sum of money from his late father — a sum on which he avoided paying taxes on — inspiring the hashtag #CameronTaxSongs where people rewrote lyrics to famous tunes inspired by Cameron’s questionable finances. *Extremely Adele voice* “Hello from the offshore siiiiiiiiiiiide.”
A not-so-subtly racist and misogynistic meme about how you’d react — “what do you do?” — if another guy slapped “your girl’s ass” started back in 2012. This year, though, the line was reappropriated for all sorts of funny and slightly less offensive situations, like walking into your kitchen and seeing a watermelon shaped like a butt.
A simple meme spawned from Kid Rock’s clear contempt for authority, after the musician tweeted a picture of himself flipping the bird in front of a sign for “State Court,” the phrase became a Twitter mantra. Pair it with a picture of a puppy or a screencap from The Simpsons or whatever helps you stick it to the man best.
This clip, a scene from the highly underrated 2005 film The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl, resurfaced this spring after a Tumblr user reimagined the scene — originally between two school children and their teacher, Mr. Electric — to star characters from The Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask. Video edits and Vines would soon follow.
“Cute thing or food,” the internet’s favorite game, got a new round on Twitter when Japanese users began posting pictures of chubby baby arms next to similarly pudgy loaves of bread. A very cute meme even though it’s not hard to discern which is bread and which is baby.
Michael Bublé is known for his vocal talents on stage, but for a brief time this year he was also known for his, um, let’s say unorthodox eating methods. A photo snapped of the singer at Disneyland going to town on a piece of corn on the cob like it was a popsicle was the perfect subject for a Reddit Photoshop battle.
An internet mystery for the ages! An Imgur user posted a sepia-toned picture of their great-grandfather, who looked suspiciously like Johnny Depp. Or, maybe, I should say Johnny Depp looks exactly like him. Either way, 2.5 million views later, a viral moment had been born.
The Natural Environment Research Council should have known better than to run a public poll to name a new polar-research craft. After weeks of voting (and strong campaigning from lovely internet weirdos across the world), the No. 1 pick by a landslide was “Boaty McBoatface” — soon adopted as the internet’s favorite naming convention, whenever it’s consulted.
Back when we felt comfortable joking about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard — before Heard divorced Depp and accused him of domestic violence — the pair filmed a very odd, very stilted video for the Australian government after violating biosecurity laws by smuggling their dogs into the country. It was widely seen, but maybe not for the reasons that the Australian government would’ve liked.
A tag-yourself meme featuring several white women (asking people which “suburban white mom” they most closely identified with) became bigger than most when one woman whose photo was used (without her knowledge or consent) lodged complaints in a blog post. Which DMCA takedown request are you? Tag yourself!
What we said at the time: “For people familiar with TNR and Trump, but not the mores and customs of Twitter, the tweet may be baffling. Why do this? Well, there are many complicated reasons — some social, some political, some economic, some at the intersection of all these fields and many more — ha ha, no, I’m kidding. Teenagers tweeting sexually explicit requests at celebrities has become something of a running gag on Twitter. ”
In honor of Bob Marley, Snapchat rolled out a filter that let users place Marley’s face over their own. Though the filter was produced through a partnership with the Bob Marley Estate, people felt more than a little uncomfortable with what was eventually termed “digital blackface.” The 4/20 rollout date definitely didn’t help.
Real-life and online tributes to Prince took many forms — essays, remembrances, drawings, impromptu dance parties — but they all had something in common: Their color. Purple, duh. From avatars to logos to real buildings and offices, purple flooded social media in an overwhelming and fitting tribute to Prince.
The best part about the rise of virtual reality has been the rise of videos of horrified first-time VR users. In this video, a Norwegian woman absolutely loses it while playing The Brookhaven Experiment. Come for the screaming, stay for the screaming, and leave with an enormously useful image to be deployed as a reaction GIF whenever you need it.
Because she’s Beyoncé, Beyoncé dropped her latest album, Lemonade, as an HBO special — each song accompanied by an elaborately produced, strikingly beautiful, and extremely meme-able video. Twitter and Tumblr quickly filled up with screencaps and relatable captions — perhaps the most popular being the baseball bat–wielding Beyoncé preparing to smash a car.
After Beyonce called out “Becky with the good hair” — the woman with whom Jay Z allegedly cheated on her — on Lemonade, her fans (the Beyhive) immediately set to work finding out Becky’s identity. They quickly settled on designer Rachel Roy, who posted an Instagram with the caption “good hair, don’t care,” and found herself subject to lemonade- and bee-emoji bombs, not to mention a heavily edited Wikipedia page.
Teasing his new album Views From the 6, Drake released cover artwork featured the artist sitting atop the iconic CN Tower in Toronto. Exciting! But, also, it’s Drake, the human meme, and people were quick to edit the image — placing the rapper atop a giant Crying Jordan, the Death Star, or adding in other meme-famous folks, like Petty Skai Jackson and Mr. Krabs.
Tony X watched a hockey game for the first time in his life, livetweeted the experience, and lept to viral fame. “Wtf is a power play?” “I gotta have Google open.” “White people been hiding hockey from us for years bruh. This shit lit.” His tweets were so good the team he was watching, the St. Louis Blues, invited him to attend their next game for free.
Ask a stupid question and you’ll get a stupid answer. After Rebecca Romijn declared that Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid are not “true supermodels,” British Vogue tweeted the comment as a question. “Who said that Kendall and Gigi are not ‘true supermodels?’” To which hundreds of people brutally replied “everyone.”
What we said at the time: “Sega is now allowing what had previously been semi-legal modifications that let you do things like swap playable characters, create new levels, and make other previously frowned-upon changes. While Sega hasn’t released official tools, Polygon notes that a few users have already begun sharing ROM hacks on the service. You can, for instance, play as Knuckles in the first Sonic the Hedgehog game, an option that never officially existed. Or you can play Streets of Rage 2 Except It Makes That Weird Tim Allen Noise When People Die.”
Prince Harry and the Queen of England spent a lovely afternoon looking at things on an iPhone and promoting the Invictus Games, but since it was unclear exactly what was on the screen, we were left to our imaginations to picture which dank meme or viral vid Harry was showing his grandmother.
What we said at the time: “Is it possible to explain Dat Boi? Step 1: You see the frog, who is “Dat Boi,” the titular boi. Step 2: You greet Dat Boi with a studiously casual “o shit waddup.” Dat Boi is funny because the frog does not look like the kind of person you’d call ‘Dat Boi.’ He’s a frog, and he’s on a unicycle. And yet, his relaxed demeanor projects the kind of imperturbable mellowness you would expect in someone called Dat Boi. This is about as good an explanation as I can muster. Dat Boi is also simple and easy to mix into other memes and jokes.”
Some stories are so enormous, so world-shaking, you feel as though you are watching history be made. This is not one of those stories. Tyler1, a legendary troll and popular figure among League of Legends video-game streamers, was finally permanently banned from the game — leading to an outcry so enormous, and meme tributes so elaborate, that Tyler1’s ban reached Facebook’s Trending Topics.
While waiting to do an interview with Good Day New York, Disney Channel star and very good teen Skai Jackson tweeted a photo of herself sitting patiently off set. While the tweet itself was rather unremarkable — 2,750 retweets to date — it was her perfectly crossed hands, pursed lips, and overall petty look that made Jackson’s the perfect meme fodder. That moment when your significant other says they’re going out without you? You are Petty Skai Jackson.
In an impressive feat of athleticism, Villanova’s Kris Jenkins nailed a three-point shot at the buzzer to win the game, and the March Madness championship for his school. Meanwhile, somewhere in the arena, a security guard watching said shot absolutely lost his mind, in an eye-popping, jaw-dropping moment some kindly soul captured on video and shared with millions on the World Wide Web.
A weird Twitter version of atoning for previous sins, people started using the hashtag #IndieAmnesty to come clean about embarrassing indie music–related memories. Primarily a British trend, the stories ranged from lame (but cool back in the day) concert outfits to rocking a ringtone from a song by The Fratellis for way too long.
On a visit to New York City, Hillary Clinton, woman of the people and then–Democratic presidential candidate hopeful, took a ride on the subway — or, she tried, but was delayed when she failed multiple times to get her MetroCard to swipe. A struggle which was, of course, caught on camera. A truly relatable moment for anyone who has ever taken their mom from out of town on the subway — and a prime opportunity for New Yorkers on social media to critique and brag about MetroCard form.
On this key day in the short history of live video, more than 800,000 people tuned in simultaneously to watch as two BuzzFeed staffers dressed in white safety suits placed rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. It was simple, weirdly entertaining, and sent the rest of the media world into a spiral caught between “does anything matter” and “what else can we blow up for clicks.”
Former Spice Girl and professionally good-looking person Victoria Beckham has, to my knowledge, two legs. Which is why this photo from a shoot Beckham did with Vogue China, where her left leg appears to have been removed from the rest of her torso and her body propped atop it like a table leg, was so disturbing to users of social media. Not a great day for Photoshop.
The best romantic comedy of the year played out this spring on Snapchat, of all places, when two students at the University of Wisconsin saw each other’s snaps and fell in … well, if not love, some kind of highly viral version of it. Students Abby and Reed “met” each other on the service and set out to meet up IRL, spawning a campuswide (and eventually countrywide) obsession with the star-crossed lovers. They eventually found each other. No word on whether they’re still dating.
As the Golden State Warriors steamrolled (almost) every team throughout the playoffs, one person left speechless was Portland Trail Blazers owner Paul Allen, a co-founder of Microsoft. Through the sheer force of basketball, Steph Curry turned Allen’s flabbergasted reaction into a meme, sent around the world at the speed of light. Allen’s flabbergasted reaction to the sheer force of Steph Curry became an instant meme, sent around the world at the speed of light.
Instagram unveiled a much-derided new logo in May, replacing its old icon with one featuring an extremely dated gradient that quickly became the butt of many jokes. Perhaps most accurate, it was likened to a turn-of-the-century PowerPoint slide background — a comparison that was vindicated when people turned up the exact gradient in their PowerPoint apps. Instagram didn’t back down, and now, who can even remember what the old icon looked like?
Cats are supposed to have four legs. Thanks to some creative positioning, this cat looks like it has two. Cue an army of bored office workers armed with Photoshop.
It’s no secret that gamers take their hobby seriously, and few things are more aggravating than watching someone else play poorly. Video-game website Polygon invited a painful backlash in May when footage of someone playing the new Doom, let’s say, inelegantly, went viral — turning into a full-fledged controversy, and became another flashpoint in the ongoing video-game culture wars.
The Justin Timberlake backlash continued throughout 2016, stopping here at Eurovision, the annual international song contest that focuses on singers and songs from, uh, Europe (and Australia). “Why is he here?” viewers across Twitter asked. Timberlake is from Memphis. He was probably asking the same thing.
Is Drake a meme? Yes, but he’s so much more, as he begged viewers to realize in a May SNL appearance. Sure, he might be more than a meme — but what could be more important than being a meme?
Misandry, the most meme-friendly attitude toward men, has an ancient history, dating back to at least 2008, as displayed in this viral diary, written by a now-high-school student named Madie when she was 7. “I am done with boys. I want to kill all of them,” she writes, a phrase that echoes through time and social media.
Few things were as steadfastly reliable as optical illusions this year (thanks, The Dress). Did you find the thing here? There’s a cigar sticking out of the wall. If you were searching for what felt like hours, you’re not alone.
What we said at the time: “But ‘bees’ approaches more than just regret. It is the full experience of angst; the existential vertigo one experiences at the summits of the Anthropocene. It is no coincidence that ‘bees dying’ appears most frequently with images of people enjoying the full fruits of cultural and industrial modernity. Bees are dying at an alarming rate, and possibly because of manmade climate change; their demise might make growing the food we eat impossible. We have constructed a cultural life that forces the pressing questions of the environment and food supply outside of our field of view, and abdicated our own responsibilities to nature in favor of unsustainable, constant stimulation. What can we, as individuals, do to save the bees? The answers are unclear.”
What we said at the time: “It’s always nice to find a great deal. Sometimes you walk into Kohl’s expecting to return some clothing that doesn’t fit, and you end up finding something new, something exciting. Sometimes, the thing you find is so exciting that you immediately have to jump on Facebook Live and show your friends. And sometimes that livestream — a brief four minutes of rapturous joy — ends up getting viewed 28 million times, and shared another 847,000 times.”
This dance, popularized by athletes from the University of Maryland, involves doing — you guessed it — the Running Man, set to the classic Ghost Town DJ’s track “My Boo.” Because dance-craze challenges are fun, it didn’t take long for NFL teams and TV personalities to start filming their own versions; however, because famous people are never as good as teenagers and college students, none of these versions matched the originals.
An upgraded version of the ever-popular Snapchat puppy filter, Snapchat quietly released a dual puppy filter which turns one user into the traditional puppy and the other into a dalmatian. (This was before Snapchat rolled out a whole series of filters designed to be used by two people at a time.) The filter release came after Kim Kardashian snapped her wish for a Snapchat dalmatian filter in one of her Snapchat stories. Wish granted and our faces are cuter for it.
“Primitive Sponge, as its name might indicate, encapsulates some of the purest of human emotions — desperation, horror, fear, rage, panic. Also, Primitive Sponge is a sponge in a loincloth. Maybe it’s his aggressive stance, or the way his fingers are flexed, as though ready to claw into an underwater woolly mammoth at a moment’s notice, but there is something about Primitive Sponge that makes it clear that the little yellow Porifera has seen some serious stuff. You understand Primitive Sponge, because you’ve been there.”
“There are plenty of silly, made-up holidays, but World Goth Day isn’t one of them. There are so many ways to celebrate, from smoking cloves in your favorite cemetery to inflicting your poetry on innocent bystanders. You might want to program your own creepy-as-hell movie marathon, starting with The Witch and Crimson Peak and working your way back to Häxan and Les Vampires. You can also peruse Instagram for the best goth ~*lewks*~ from around the world; there are some folks out there killing it every day. What kind of goth are you?” - Jenni Miller
Among the year’s most important meme sub-themes was “large groups of people collectively watching a boring thing.” (See also: Drummond Puddle; BuzzFeed Watermelon.) Facebook and Twitter wanted to revolutionize the way that we communicated and shared online; instead, thousands of us watched an illegally parked car, waiting to see when the cops would arrive. There are worse things your technology could be used for, I suppose.
“Damn, Daniel” was a great meme, but like many great memes it was extremely hard to explain. You don’t have to take our word for it: Bachelorette contestant Daniel learned an important lesson himself when he attempted to explain the “Damn, Daniel” meme to JoJo, the bachelorette. In person. With his flesh mouth. It was … not a successful attempt to endear himself to her.
What we said at the time: “As for those looking to re-create Senatore’s feat, he gave us a few tips. ‘You’ve got to fill the bottle about one-third with water and it’s all about just practicing a lot and getting the flick of the wrist,’ he said. ‘And my preferred brand of bottle is Deer Park because the shape of the bottle is best for flipping.’”
Even months after dabbing fell from its cultural apex, Americans everywhere could still be seen placing their foreheads in the crooks of their arms — even during the Scripps National Spelling Bee, when literal nerds competed to see who was the nerdiest. Did they kill the dab meme, or did they make the dab stronger?
Some people think the National Spelling Bee is a celebration of hard work and education. But people who know it — people who compete in it — know that it is a brutal, no-holds-barred contest of will. National Spelling Bee co-champion Nihar Janga — caught shaking his head while competitor Jairam Hathwar flubbed the word drahthaar — knows this. Nihar doesn’t play around. And Nihar’s head shake became another go-to reaction image.
Is there anything more “me IRL” or “this is me” or just “me” than this dog sitting in a car, AC on, water nearby, listening to his favorite music? No. Similarly: Is there anything more tempting to the internet than the phrase “favorite music” in a place where it can be easily Photoshopped to read, say, “Hoobastank,” instead? (Which raises another question: What if the dog had been listening to Hoobastank? Would bystanders have been obligated to break the window?)
Before the meme — before the song parodies, the cable-news signs, the yearbook pranks, the animal-ethics hand-wringing, the concern trolling, the uncomfortable excitement at a non-Western name — Harambe was just a gorilla who was shot at Cincinnati Zoo after a small child fell into his enclosure. It was a tragic and widely covered story, but at the start Harambe’s story was chiefly confined to the parenting internet, where the responsibility of the child’s mother in the incident was endlessly debated. Soon, though, “Harambe” would break free of its relationship to the actual story, and become a kind of floating concept and all-purpose punch line — in other words, a meme in the purest sense.
This year’s Met Gala theme was “Manus x Machina,” the merging of man and machine. What a fruitful theme! What heights of fashion and art might be reached by such an evocative concept? What otherworldly costumes did we see? Well, Orlando Bloom wore a Tamagotchi on his breast, sort of as a medal. And the Tamagotchi shit itself on the red carpet. Fashion!
What we said at the time: “I have many favorite genres of online video, such as ‘Person Yelling About Sonic the Hedgehog’ and ‘Vape Trick Compilations Scored With EDM.’ But it’s rare to find any as purely pleasure-inducing and heartwarming as ‘Children and Teenagers Celebrating Disproportionately’ … What could be better than a scene of an enormous high-school crowd — the kind usually only ever assembled for a fight — losing their minds over a Chinese yo-yo trick? It’s a knowing kind of enthusiasm, but no less wonderful.”
In May, Game of Thrones finally answered the question of how Hodor got his name, which also happens to be the extent of his vocabulary. It’s — spoiler alert — because he was holding a door. A door! Not precisely as one might hold the door on an elevator, but that’s what made it a solid joke. The kind of joke that turned into an ever-expanding meme mosaic of photos, tweets, Reddit posts, and Vines.
If you think about it, anything that you throw into the bath instantly becomes a bath bomb. That includes jars of pickles, heads of lettuce, a literal grenade — if it’s in the bath, it’s a bath bomb. So goes the running theory on Vine, where video-makers and editors filmed themselves throwing, well, all of the above (except the grenade) into their tubs, and transformed an incredibly dumb and funny joke into an incredibly dumb and funny meme.
We all thought that Bentley wanted to give the butterfly a kiss. We were wrong. Bentley, nooooooo!
It is a well-known maxim that if you let the internet hive-mind-name anything, it will name it something stupid. Cue Boaty McBoatface, the winner of a poll to name the newest £200 million ship from the U.K.’s Natural Environment Research Center. But in boat-naming schemes, as in American presidential elections, it’s not always the case that he (or she) who gets the most votes wins. The NERC named the boat the RRS Sir David Attenborough, quickly spawning a petition asking the legendary naturalist to rename himself Boaty McBoatface. He has not yet done so.
This is just a good life hack for getting through corn faster: Put the corn on a drill and rotate it at speeds that will wreck both the corn and your front teeth. I mean, it’s good, if you don’t get your hair caught in the corn, as seems to have happened to at least one person who tried this video stunt. Maybe it’s … a bad life hack.
Few bands inspire such rabid devotion as Radiohead. Would people eat photographs of, say, one of the Mumfords? Redditors skeptical that Radiohead’s new album would really be released on the announced date pledged to eat photos of lead singer Thom Yorke if they were wrong. They were wrong, and, like true fans, they followed through on their promise, much to the delight of Redditors and others who watched them do so.
Everybody makes mistakes, even moms. Maybe especially moms. But sometimes moms do things that are nominally mistakes, but result in highly viral and meme-able content, such as this mom, who packed her daughter’s lunch in May and included a drink that she assumed was some sort of iced tea or energy drink. It wasn’t; it was Four Loko, the highly alcoholic liquid source of a million mistakes. Oops!
Decades often pass before we can really determine the most memed animal of a given year, but even a preliminary survey of 2016 reveals that it was a very big year for bears. They were everywhere, popping up in swimming pools and houses, or — in this case — attempting to break into cars in the parking lot of an elementary school in Virginia. A serious threat, sure, but maybe not one that warranted a “breaking news” tweet blast from the local ABC syndicate, inspiring much mockery on Twitter.
If you’ve been on the internet in the past few years, you’ve seen the now-famous photo of Hillary Clinton wearing sunglasses and checking her Blackberry. That photo memorably inspired the Texts From Hillary Tumblr. As we learned this year, it also inspired Freedom of Information Act official Clarence Finney to start asking questions about Clinton’s email browsing and personal devices, leading to the saga of Hillary Clinton and the Never-Ending Email Investigations. Never let anyone tell you that memes can’t change the world.
A Twitter game in which people reimagined their favorite movies with completely different endings: The final scene of Titanic, except Jack guts Rose and uses the heat from her now-dead body to keep himself warm. My Girl with the addition of an EpiPen. You get the idea.
The best thing about being a teenager in the age of social media is the ability to film yourself doing all the stupid, repetitive things you once would have had only yourself as the audience for. Niall Bradley spent nearly a year attempting to throw a spoon over his shoulder and land it in a mug in his kitchen. In June, he finally succeeded. That’s really all you need to know.
Following the deadly shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the shooter’s father told NBC his son had been enraged by the sight of two men kissing months before the shooting. Shocked Twitter users began using the hashtag #TwoMenKissing and sharing photos of, well, men kissing. It was a small consolation in the wake of tragedy, but it affirmed the humanity of a threatened, grieving community.
Getting poison ivy around your eyes is ill-advised, but if it does happen, make sure to bring your sister to the hospital to take pictures of your insanely swollen face and then tweet those photos, so thousands of people can share and laugh at your pain. Congrats to Lauren Petrozza for capturing her sister Emily at a truly and painfully low moment, for all the world to see.
Queen Elizabeth probably just wanted to celebrate her 90th birthday in a festive ensemble, but her vibrant-green suit also created the perfect opportunity for anybody with Photoshop to have a little fun at her expense. Her majesty’s suit was turned into a giant cheeseburger and a Joker costume, to name just a few.
A colorful imagining of a Trump presidency from artist and YouTuber Mike Diva, this Japanese Donald Trump commercial featured the then–Republican primary candidate as a giant anime robot capable of destroying the world. Which, I guess, is still … half true.
In a now-deleted tweet, Ayesha Curry — wife of Steph Curry of the Golden State Warriors — claimed game six of the NBA finals was rigged against the Warriors after her husband was ejected from the game for throwing his mouth guard. It was an unsubstantiated claim that quickly turned into a meme punch line, and Curry later apologized and removed the tweet. But what is Twitter for if not for accusing powerful elites of rigging the results of contests? Just ask our president-elect.
Inspired by a Facebook group for fathers called Life of Dad, dads all over the place started stacking Cheerios on their sleeping children’s faces. To win the challenge, you had to stack more cereal than anyone else, without, you know, waking up your kid.
Ceci Negron has mastered a scowl at age 5 that most people don’t achieve in a lifetime on this planet. When asked to smile differently for her school’s yearbook, Negron decided not to smile at all; the photo was shared on Facebook and subsequently became both a viral image and an excellent moment in young feminism captured on film.
What we said at the time: “Yesterday, Mic published an article in which Cooper Fleishman and Anthony Smith traced the history of a weird thing some alt-righters do online: They’ll put multiple parentheses around Twitter-targets’ names to indicate that they’re Jewish. It’s never happened to me, but as the New York Times’ Jonathan Weisman explained in a recent column, he got a tweet which read ‘Hello ((Weisman)).’ It seems to be a way of saying something like ‘Ha, look at this Jew!,’ and is often followed by a wave of the alt-right’s now-standard meme-drenched anti-Semitism.”
Graham is what a human would look like if its body had evolved to survive a major car crash. Just like you and me — if we had ears that were set into our heads, flattened faces, and multiple sets of nipples to act as our own body air bags. Graham was a creation from the Australian Transport Accident Commission meant to inspire safety awareness, but mostly his weird shirtless body inspired a vast library of tweets.
What we said at the time: “Yes, that is Kermit the Frog. And yes, Kermit sipping tea is a popular meme, one used when you sassily point something out, and then slyly back away, claiming that it’s not the business of your instigating ass, which is just sipping tea — an action that prevents you from speaking, or something. Anyway, in GMA’s tweet, the meme is referred to as “Tea Lizard.” They called Kermit (The Frog) Tea (Lizard). The fervor that surrounded #TeaLizard was so immense, you might have thought something happened to a human being.”
A Twitter thread inspired by a Little Britain sketch parodying Tom Jones and Shirley Bassey. In the sketch, Jones asks Bassey which singers and musicians “have the range.” Sheryl Crow? No. Paul McCartney? No. Bassey herself? No. Fast-forward a decade or so to an excellent and now-viral tweet thread from an anonymous user informing us all why dozens of the world’s top artists do or do not have “the range.”
This is where Harambe began to shift from tragic story to meme: When people on Twitter began to rewrite classic songs, replacing lyrics with references to the late silverback. (The most popular was a full edit of the lyrics to Bohemian Rhapsody.) No longer an object of fury on parenting message boards, Harambe was now, essentially, a joke prompt.
What we said at the time: “It all started on Reddit’s /r/pics subreddit, when one Redditor shared a photo of the man, rocking an excellently patterned shirt and looking like a male Marilyn Monroe. It wasn’t long before other users started sharing photos of the same man, standing in the exact same position and wearing the same shirt-shorts combo. ‘He does this every day. He’s well known in Philly …being a Philly resident, I’m not in the least surprised a ton of people have pics. He hands out Jesus pamphlets and is very nice,’ one Redditor commented. Someone found the man in a Google Earth still from 2014. And another person even set up a livestream camera filming the man’s traditional spot.”
A hashtag campaign fueled mostly by a Twitter account devoted to posting pictures of female Trump supporters (often not submitted by the women themselves), #TrumpGirlsBreakTheInternet took on a second life after Twitter users on the left started using the hashtag to troll the women submitting their photos. A truly bipartisan web experience of outrage, zings, and sexual objectification.
In the great tradition of exploiting sad athletes at low points in their careers, Twitter went in on Argentinian soccer player Lionel Messi, who openly cried after his team lost the Copa America championship to Chile after he scored only two points to Chile’s four in a penalty-kick shoot-out. While the clip of Messi looking weepy and distraught didn’t quite reach Crying Jordan levels of virality, it was still a solid meme.
During a game in the College World Series between the TCU Horned Frogs and Coastal Carolina Chanticleers, an unnamed boy in the stands with freckles on his face and joy in his heart caught the attention of ESPN’s cameras. Sensing this was his moment, the boy did an excellent impersonation of the dramatic chipmunk and proceeded to dance until the cameras finally panned back to the game. It’s been months and we’re still dying to know who this kid is, if only so we can challenge him to another staring contest.
Reddit Photoshop battles usually involve many people submitting altered images before a winner is declared, but in this case the winner was clear from the start. The original image featured Game of Thrones’ Carice van Houten and Kerry Ingram (better known as Melisandre and Shireen) hanging out backstage, with a box of battery-operated candles in hand. Imgurian /u/s3w4g3 changed the box from candles to firestarter logs, a dark joke that you’ll understand if you’ve watched season five of the show. It’ll only take you about 50 hours to get through it. We’ll wait.
Following in the footsteps of the teenage hero who flipped a water bottle and became an international sensation, Corban Baker and Cosmo Everett-Wells, two students at Shirley Boys’ High School in Christchurch, New Zealand, spent a lunch break flipping plastic chairs in a classroom and became an internet hit. Their video was viewed by millions and the boys said each successful flip took about 20 attempts to nail, which is not a bad ratio. Flipping things for viral videos: the biggest global growth economy.
This memorable line from the introduction to Pawn Stars — “I’m Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I’ve learned after 21 years — you never know what is gonna come through that door” — deployed in odd or unexpected settings, was a popular 4chan meme circa 2011, but it remained relatively dormant until Redditors brought it back to life in June after the text was posted in the /r/copypasta sub. Harrison, this time around, was reimagined more topically as Harambe and the voice of the Pacer Test.
Snapchat’s nerd filter puts a pair of broken glasses and a set of braces on the user’s face, but for many teens the filter hit a little too close to home. Namely, for those who already wear glasses and have mouths full of braces. Teens began sharing pictures of themselves as they normally appear next to pictures of themselves with the filter on their faces, and, well, many of them looked exactly the same. Score one to Snapchat for this very good burn.
What we said at the time: “Here is a remarkably stupid statement that is also true: A Facebook page created to distribute memes about garlic bread is now embroiled in controversy after posting a meme (about garlic bread) that some readers considered transphobic … Here’s another true statement: The Garlic Bread meme page is not even the first Facebook meme page this year to devolve into full-on flame wars following accusations of bigotry. A couple of weeks ago, the Facebook group Post Aesthetics — a private meme-sharing group — experienced a dramatic schism after members got into a heated debate over whether the frog Dat Boi was racist for appropriating black slang.”
Because taking a human to prom would be too boring for the meme-happy teens of 2016, high-school student Chris Burwell took a copy of Super Smash Bros. Melee. “It was always going to be Smash. I’m not, like, a total loser, but I don’t know any girls that I would take,” Burwell said of his now-viral decision.
One interesting characteristic of memes is that killing them only makes them stronger. (This may actually just be a characteristic of mass media, generally, as illustrated by the Streisand effect.) Take the Fat Axl Rose meme, which Rose attempted to have pulled from Google — only to reinvigorate the meme himself.
As a purported reminder of the many dangers that face Trump supporters in this country, a tweet circulated featuring a photo of an alleged victim of an angry mob of “tolerant liberals.” Except the young woman in the photo was actually actor Samara Weaving wearing gory horror makeup on the set of the Showtime series Ash vs Evil Dead. The tweet was later deleted, but not before other brave folks could come forward to share their (to be excessively clear: satirical) stories of the risks of being pro-Trump.
Though it didn’t quite reach the fever pitch of the great llama chase of 2015, this rogue bear’s ramble through a neighborhood near Los Angeles for several hours provided more than enough distraction to clog Twitter and Tumblr for hours in June. Stops on the bear’s star tour included several backyards and even a dip in a nice pool before authorities were able to catch the bear and bring her back to safety in the wilderness.
What we said at the time: “The thing about the internet is that everyone on it is horny … This is not that different from the real world, where, thanks to the magic of biology, everyone is in a perpetual state of ‘horned up and ready to go.’ But on the internet, sex manifests itself in unexpected ways. Like how there is somehow now only one correct response to the number 69. In a sexual context, ‘nice’ has been around for a long time. We crawled out of the primordial ooze and figured out how to simultaneously stimulate each others’ genitals with our mouths, and then shortly thereafter we figured out how to react to news of the 69: ‘Nice.’ Simple, elegant, to the point.”
For years, the peach emoji has symbolized the butt, for the obvious reason that it looks, more or less, like a butt. But the real peach? It took parents (or mischievous caregivers) in Japan to launch a meme with staged photos in which real peaches stand in for baby butts. It’s IRL emoji.
During the Euro 2016 final between Portugal and France, a moth — unaware of the high stakes of the game, but still clearly attracted to Portuguese star Cristiano Ronaldo’s supernaturally beautiful looks — decided to perch itself smack-dab in the middle of Ronaldo’s face. Which, obviously, spawned a legion of jokes and parody Twitter accounts.
The rollout of Pokémon Go — which uses real-world location data — was not without its issues: There were the churches that became swarmed with Pokémon players, the people injured in accidents (or even mugged), the lost hours of economic productivity as workers skipped out to chase an animated monster. And then there were the sensitive geographic locations, like Auschwitz, where at least one user reported being able to catch a Rattata before a virtual geofence was put in place.
What we said at the time: “I love this clip. Everything about this rules. The way the dead-eyed Pikachu stares at you with his beady little eyes. The look of ecstasy as Bulbasaur attempts to climb/hump a tree. The way Charmander’s foot clips through the rock as he spins on a singular axis. It’s phenomenal, and it haunts my days and night without end.”
Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni was on the move in his car, but that didn’t stop him from continuing his important work. A photo of Museveni perched on a chair on the side of the road, talking on the phone, devoting himself to the business of statecraft, quickly went viral — and spawned the M7 Challenge (M7 is Museveni’s nickname), in which users imitated his pose. The origin of the folding chair and the subject of Museveni’s phone calls are still mysteries.
Following the horrifying terrorist attack in Nice, France, people nearby offered shelter to the displaced using the #PortesOuvertesNice hashtag. Tags like this are touching reminders of the way social media can provide relief and support in the wake of tragedy — and also reminders of how common attacks like this one have become.
What we said at the time: “Donald Trump named Indiana governor Mike Pence as his running mate Friday morning, and the ticket already has a logo that puts the graphic back in graphic design. The emblem represents a smashing success for the newly formed GOP ticket: Few campaign symbols in the history of American politics have ever made Twitter users this horny.”
What we said at the time: “Calling all parents of teenagers. While you’re out of sight, your kids are taking their tops off, lying down, and … painting memes on each other’s backs. Prior to yesterday, I was blissfully ignorant of this fun trend. (Thanks, Twitter Moments.) So the story goes, teens convince their friends that they are going to paint their backs with images of luscious sunsets. But then, once their friends’ backs are turned, they switch gears and decorate them with memes. Primitive Sponge, Harambe, Mr. Krabs. You get the idea.”
In a last-ditch effort to get in touch with her ex-boyfriend, a woman named Jessica used the only mode of communication he had not blocked her on … DirecTV. “I’m sorry okay?! I just fucking miss you,” Jessica wrote, a message he then screencapped and shared on Twitter, where over 80,000 people retweeted it. Jessica surfaced after the tweet went viral, blasting her ex for not even having the decency to blur out her name.
What we said at the time: “Last night’s rumble between app mogul Kim Kardashian and Apple critic Taylor Swift … reached its apex … when Swift responded with — what else? — a screenshot of a statement written in Notes, one of Apple’s iPhone apps, and uploaded to Instagram. Notes statements are ubiquitous on celebrity social media, as the podcast Who? Weekly has noted often. They’re one of the true joys of the post-tabloid age — a perfect example of the democratization of social media, in which even the rich and glamorous are forced to use the same cobbled-together kludges as the rest of us when they need to publish a lot of text to a site like Instagram, which favors the visual, or Twitter, which has a character limit. Screenshots of Notes are quick to write, assemble, and distribute — which means their textured-paper aesthetic is often the sign of quickly composed PR triage.”
Many topics were discussed at the Republican National Convention: the economy, emails, Benghazi, walls. Make that four topics. One major issue left undiscussed: memes. That didn’t stop Cleveland teen Zac Alberty from protesting at the RNC to “Make Memes Great Again.” “Everyone here has all these bad, boring signs,” Alberty told Gawker. “They’re all so hateful. I just wanted to make people smile. Also, we really do need to make memes great again.”
Here is a complete list of the correct ways to eat a sausage: from one end to the other. That’s it. That’s the one way to do it. Unfortunately, Australian politician Bill Shorten thought that eating a sausage as if it were an ear of corn was a good idea. It was not, and he got made fun of online. Bill … come on…
What we said at the time: “As the RNC stumbles along in Cleveland, another, parallel convention of Donald Trump supporters is taking place on Hillary Clinton’s Instagram account. Far more gleeful than the actual RNC, though no less articulate, the Hillary Clinton Instagram convention is largely focused on a single task: leaving the phrase “spicy boi” in the comment section.”
On the meme internet, “Bush Did 9/11” resembles a mantra (an ironic one). But what else might Bush have been up to? Did he orchestrate the harrowing situation that led to the death of Harambe? It was inevitable that the internet’s two most tasteless memes would collide, and in July, they did, when a protester at the RNC was spotted holding a (tongue-in-cheek, we hope) sign that said “Bush Did Harambe.” In August, Esquire uncovered photographic evidence that the former president once met Harambe’s mother, Kayla.
Of all of the damaging correspondence brought to light by Wikileaks’ release of DNC emails, perhaps most damaging was this curt exchange between three staffers, one of whom asked to have their butt eaten. Certainly, it was the single funniest email we saw. (Most likely, it was a prank on someone who left their phone lying around.)
It is surprisingly easy to get things renamed on Google Maps. So easy, in fact, that some teens in Willoughby, Ohio, managed to get their high school’s street name changed to Harambe Drive as some sort of tribute? Or prank? One of the two. We’re getting dangerously close to Harambe saturation, at this point.
This Japanese corgi really wanted some snacks and, boy, did he get those snacks. He also got Photoshopped into oblivion by redditors who found the picture funny. There is no “relatable” quite so relatable as “hungry.”
What we said at the time: “Last week, WikiLeaks released 19,000 emails from the Democratic National Committee, apparently lifted by Russian-government hackers… [A]mid the rubble of a unified Democratic Party, a hero has emerged: Pablo Manriquez, a former DNC media booker … Pablo’s urgent advocacy, his clear-eyed pleading, and his co-workers’ creative insults have launched Pablo into viral mini-fame, as a quick search of the hashtag #ImWithPablo will reveal. And Pablo, true to form, has leaned into his internet fame by chatting with his new fans, and retweeting their compliments. (Also, in case you were wondering, he’s single.)”
How long do you think it would take for your parents to notice that you’ve quietly replaced their family photos with pictures of famous character actor Steve Buscemi? Kevin Manion decided to find out, to the tune of more than 36,000 retweets. No word on whether or not his parents ever noticed.
What we said at the time: “Okay, let’s just get right down to it: There is a new meme on the net and it is insanely good. The meme is ‘He cookin.’ Who is ‘he’? Why is he ‘cookin’? ‘He cookin’ is a small, blurry GIF (dating back to at least 2012) of a cat standing on two legs. He is moving his front paws around in a way that appears to mimic the cooking dance popularized by rapper, meme, and basketball-hexer Lil B, the Based God. He started cookin on Tumblr when user relishman was asked to name his top 5 dance moves. No. 1 was ‘he cookin.’”
Over the past eight years, Joe Biden has captured the public imagination as a folksy, off-the-cuff speaker who adores the Wu-Tang Clan album Liquid Swords. That last part might be the product of a famous Twitter meme. Democrats, confronted with a potential vice-president in nominee Tim Kaine, were forced to consider the new character they’d be following, who has more of an indie-rock-dad vibe, I guess? A new type of Twitter joke about a vice-president who loves albums like Wilco’s Summerteeth was born.
You’d think, you’ve been elected president twice over. Your wife has been secretary of State. What could possibly surprise you anymore? Or fill you with joy? The answer, for Bill Clinton, is: balloons. The balloons that dropped from the ceiling at the DNC turned Bill’s face into an instant meme.
In July, Donald Trump tweeted an altered version of Hillary Clinton’s “History Made” campaign poster — including an emblem reading “Most Corrupt Candidate Ever!” pasted over a pile of money. What shape was the emblem? Why, it was a six-pointed star, also known as a Star of David. When his campaign was called out for the tweet, the Trump team’s expert response was to slap a circle over the star, though you could still see the endpoints from what was underneath. It was later discovered that Trump’s tweet didn’t originate from his team, but rather from the anti-Semitic trolls at 8chan’s /pol/ board.
This moment — when Public Policy Polling stepped up to ask American voters another tough question — is probably the peak of the Harambe meme, the last time it was arguably actually funny and not just a rote, joyless, empty reference. For the record, Harambe, the dead gorilla, led Jill Stein by 3 percentage points in the poll
What we said at the time: “Leo the Lion is famous on Tumblr, of all places, because that is where ironic fandom of cartoons meant for babies lives and grows like a benign tumor at the core of the World Wide Web. Currently floating around the network is a large collection of bullet points about how terrible this absurd bootleg of The Lion King truly is.”
As Harambe metastasized from tragedy to joke prompt to punch line, Twitter user @sexual_jumanji decided an appropriate tribute would be to get one’s dick out for the fallen primate. Even film star Danny Trejo got in on the action. This is probably the moment at which “Harambe” as a signifier really left behind any kind of material significance, no longer a direct reference to anything, really, except itself. (It is unclear if anyone did, actually, get their dick out for Harambe, or if many simply agreed that it was an appropriate tribute.)
Among the most dramatic and gripping stories of the year was the saga of Arize Ifejika, who stole a bite of pizza from his friend De’ja and found himself at the receiving end of a lengthy chewing-out, followed by a 24-line text dressing him down for his rudeness. Thousands of people weighed in on the etiquette breach.
What we said at the time: “Objectively, the game is very bad. For the first several days, server problems made it almost impossible to play. It’s still extremely buggy and janky, and needs to be restarted frequently. The mechanics are odd and not necessarily ‘fun.’ But it’s very difficult to say that a game as immediately and wildly successful as Pokémon Go — a game that’s managed to get thousands of gamers out of their houses and into parks — is bad. In fact, despite its own best efforts to be terrible, the game can be extremely fun! And that’s the thing: People are very into it, which can be a problem for a game that forces you to interact with the real world. Already, a police station in Australia has been forced to caution players against wandering into the station for the game’s sake, and is also warning people to look up from their phone before crossing the street. Other players have flocked to churches, or had their jobs threatened for playing too much. Some locations have been frustrated by the influx of traffic. One player allegedly found a dead body while stumbling around hunting creatures.”
We get it: Talking to teenagers and college students is hard work. They keep talking about “Snapchat” and “apps” and “epistemological nihilism” and whatnot. Still, that doesn’t excuse Microsoft for its misguided recruiter email, which was sent to “bae” interns, inviting them to get “lit” at a company function. The message flopped so hard that the company had to apologize. Very “off fleek.”
Hacktivism is an important tool for protest in the 21st century, which elevates voices previously stifled by elite, entrenched powers. It allows everyone to have a say, even when that say is “poop” on a road sign. No one knows who did it. Putin?
We try to tread lightly where religious iconography is concerned, but when a dog’s butt — like this one spotted by Redditor daddyhoffmang — resembles a holy figure like the famous meme monkey that got lost in Ikea, it seems unwise to do anything but genuflect. Sure, it might be a coincidence. It might have been God trying to communicate something to us from on high. We still don’t know.
If this year wasn’t the year of the bear, it was the year of the frog. Here’s another Kermit the Frog–inspired meme, involving sending your exes a blurry picture of Kermit the Frog with his mouth agape, captioned “when ya ex dies,” and then screenshotting their response and sharing it with the world. If you were lucky — or didn’t end things on terrible terms — your ex would respond with something funny. If you weren’t … well ya ex was already dead so it didn’t matter anyway.
What we said at the time: “Developed in 1967 by Philippa Foot, the trolley problem attempts to render into visceral example the thorny questions of utilitarian moral theory. Will you make the intentional decision to kill, or let events unfold without intervention? Either way ends in pain. But if the standard trolley problem illustrates the difficulty of navigating the space between “right” and wrong,” the internet’s trolley problem illustrates that that space is filled with some wacky bullshit.”
An important lesson for famous people everywhere: Never hold up anything that could be used as a blank canvas by anybody with basic Photoshop skills. On this day, Donald Trump fell into this trap, raising a sign over his head during a speech for the National Association of Home Builders. Which somebody from the Clinton campaign — on his personal Twitter — edited to look like a blank page and then invited other people to mess with. Which, in turn, they did, placing Arthur memes, Harambe, and Dat Boi on the sign instead.
What we said at the time: “[O]ver the past several months, a genre of meme has emerged, and its possible effect on the field is not to be underestimated. I am talking about wholesome memes. Wholesome memes are post-ironic, meaning that they convey love, affection, and genuine friendship by recontextualizing classic meme formats. The creators of these memes are aware of the jokes that widespread image memes represent but use them to display warmth and empathy.”
“There is a gavin meme for everything,” Simone Biles tweeted in August. Which, sure, I’ll believe anything Simone Biles says. But who’s Gavin? Gavin is the 5-year-old nephew of Vine star Nick Mastodon, and himself the star of dozens of reaction images. Mastodon has been Vining Gavin since 2013, and the more clips and images of his nephew’s face Mastodon shared, the more people clamored for him. “He just made a whole lot of different faces; it’s just something he seems to be good at without even trying,” Mastodon said. Though Gavin’s fame was gradual, he reached a new peak this summer — thanks in part to Biles’s affection for his mug.
What we said at the time: “Usain Bolt defended his Olympic title in the 100-meter dash in Rio. While polishing off the final meters in the semifinal, the gold-medalist glanced over his left shoulder for a few milliseconds. Which was just long enough for Bolt — with his face locked in a slightly pained grin, his legs moving so quickly they’re a blur, and his competition in his wake — to become a meme.”
A tribute to the lasting impact of the 1999 hit “Smooth” by Santana featuring Rob Thomas, the song made a comeback this summer (okay, for all those out there tweeting “man, it’s a hot one,” it never really left) after a tweet featuring a T-shirt emblazoned with the words “I’d Rather Be Listening to Grammy-Award-Winning 1999 Hit Smooth by Santana Feat. Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty” started making the rounds. Combine that with a few key Olympic moments — an edited video in which the song plays as a measure of the duration of time it takes for swimmer Katie Ledecky’s competition to catch her; a dressage horse dancing to the song in competition — and the nearly 20-year-old song had quite the moment in August of 2016.
Eight months after conservative radio host Steven Crowder tweeted a picture of beefy Russian MMA fighter Fedor Vladimirovich Emelianenko standing next to a dozen kettlebells, declaring him the “ideal make body [sic],” a meme emerged from the weird and broken syntax. While the original tweet still has but a few hundred retweets, Crowder’s musings about “peak performance” was paired with pictures of the Hamburglar, Arthur, and Guy Fieri, as Twitter users declared their own takes on the ideal man.
Most mortal men would be happy to be immortalized in a meme just one time, but Usain Bolt is no mortal man. The sprinter graced us all with another viral moment as he crossed the finish line, winning the 200-meter semifinal in Rio — just ahead of Canadian Andre De Grasse, with whom he shared a tender moment. Bolt grinned and pointed one finger at de Grasse, who looked equally pleased to be enjoying a nice run with his good pal. A lovely moment and an even lovelier meme. Unless you were one of the, you know, other sprinters still trying to finish the race while Bolt and de Grasse were busy going viral.
Netflix original series Stranger Things (the one with the creepy creatures and the very cute kids) was — naturally — a web favorite, and its iconic opening credits, rendered in a font recognizable from a million 1980s thriller paperbacks, was quickly mined for a website (courtesy of design studio Nelson Cash) that allowed users to create their own versions of the title sequence. Cue a million “RIP Harambe” tweets written in the show’s iconic red font.
A good teen and an even better mom, 19-year-old Jake Ostrowski’s mother made him a full-size cardboard cutout of the family dog, Jesse, to take with him when he left for college in the fall. Thousands of people retweeted photos of cardboard Jesse and real Jesse in the days after Ostrowski first tweeted about his mom’s gift. “Thanks for making me famous, I’ll miss you ” Ostrowski tweeted with another photo of Jesse after going viral. Aw.
Like something out of a 2016 Disney cartoon, Kelvin Peña befriended a white-tailed deer in the backyard of his Pennsylvania home, naming him Money, feeding him powdered doughnuts, and playing basketball with him in a series of now-viral videos. Peña declared the deer his best friend and was later introduced to the rest of Money’s deer family: Bambi, Canela, and Lola. In a pleasant turn of events, Peña used his 15 minutes of meme fame to launch a charity that helps feed people in need. Which is a better use of food than the powdered doughnuts, since it’s actually not so great for deer to eat human food.
What we said at the time: “An anonymous woman and her friend are live-tweeting their journey from Ireland to England to obtain an abortion using the anonymous account @TwoWomenTravel. Their journey started around 5 a.m. U.K. time, and the trip officially began with the tweet, “Good morning all. Thanks for all of the messages of solidarity and support. Thanks to @EndaKennyTD we’re about to hit the road. #twowomentravel.” Each tweet includes a mention of Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who is under increasing pressure to repeal the Eighth Amendment of the Irish constitution. This is the latest in high-profile protests against the amendment, which bans abortion and offers a fetus the same rights as the woman carrying it. The U.N. has called for Ireland to repeal the amendment, calling it a violation of a pregnant woman’s human rights, but only in cases of fatal fetal abnormalities.”
What we said at the time: “Totally Accurate Battle Simulator is, more or less, what it sounds like: a sandbox in which you can set up simulated battles between two armies, using a mixture of units, from unarmed peasants to rock-flinging catapults, all rendered in charmingly blocky 3-D animation. Once you have your simulation set up, you hit “play” and move your camera around the battlefield, as you watch the battle unfold.”
As the Harambe meme transitioned from subversive joke to mandatory cultural reference, four rising seniors from a Michigan high school decided to wear coordinating Harambe shirts in their ID photos. “The day before our ID photos were taken, we decided to all wear green t-shirts and to write out in sharpie ‘ha-ram-be’ and the years of his existence,” one of the teens said about their sartorial choice. Believe it or not, this would not be the last viral Harambe story of the year.
If you’re looking for an exact date the Harambe meme jumped the shark, this is it: After months of jovial but persistent harassment clogging its mentions, the Cincinnati Zoo, where Harambe lived (and died), closed its Twitter account. The Harambe meme was no longer fun; rather, it was a weapon being used to annoy social-media professionals.
Fox News interviewed a Texas fourth grader named Kevin on his first day of school and the boy’s responses could not have been better. Excited about math, riding bikes, and school in general, he explained he previously had only one friend but was hoping to make more in the coming year, a heart-wrenchingly honest answer that pushed the video of Kevin to the top of Reddit’s /r/videos.
What we said at the time: “While the internet is full of ‘artists’ and artists, it’s rare to come across one so iconic, so daring, and so pure as @Tw1tterPicasso a.k.a. Picasso Baby. The alter ego of an Australian man named Corey, the Twitter account has racked up nearly 8,000 followers in just a month — thanks largely to its production of breathtaking art. Drawn with a basic ballpoint pen, his works are simple, yet possess a striking surrealist edge not unlike the style of Picasso Baby’s namesake. He operates mainly on commission. ‘If u want a drawings straight away PayPal me anything more then $3 and leave your @ name,’ Picasso Baby explains in his Twitter bio, though he has also been known to render Twitter avatars into art for free for followers who ask nicely.”
White House photographer Pete Souza snapped a photo of Obama wearing a VR headset in the Oval Office. (Obama was looking at footage of Yosemite in honor of the anniversary of the National Parks.) Redditors descended on the image and Photoshopped the picture of Obama wearing the headset into all sorts of situations. Democracy never looked so high-tech.
You don’t want to know what the McChicken Sex Tape was, or why it trended on Twitter and Facebook over a lazy August weekend. You really don’t. You do? Okay: It was a guy, uh, penetrating a McChicken sandwich. Are you happy to have known?
Those searching for the nadir of the Harambe meme can find it here, with Jill Stein, who — seemingly acting on some very bad advice about what has “buzz” online — tweeted “the killing of Harambe 3 months ago today reminds us to be a voice for the voiceless.” “noooooooo delete this jill,” reads the top reply tweet to her statement.
What we said at the time: “All high-schooler Jillian Henry wanted was to stand in the Willamette River near her hometown in Eugene, Oregon, and take a few tasteful pictures to commemorate her senior year. Instead, what she got were 50,000 retweets and a brush with viral fame after a nude dude and his dog wound up in the background of some of the shots.”
A tweet showing Jared Leto looking joyous at the sight of the jacket on a runway at a fashion show — and then later wearing the same look on the red carpet for a Suicide Squad event — went enormously viral in August. And how could it not? Who hasn’t fallen in love with a ridiculous piece of clothing? Sadly the fun was later quashed by Leto, who said he was making the face at someone seated across from him at the show. “Sorry to ruin your meme,” he told Vanity Fair. “Perception versus reality.” His quotes are, come to think of it, almost better meme fodder than the images themselves.
This tone-deaf article about talking to a woman while she’s wearing headphones appeared in 2013 on a site called the Modern Man, and the world managed to continue turning back then. But it reared its ugly head again at the end of August after the article got picked up and recirculated on social media, inspiring plenty of people to give their own advice — both serious and, well, not — about how best to approach a woman wearing headphones. (In case you’re confused, the answer is you should leave her the heck alone.)
After San Francisco 49er Colin Kaepernick refused to stand during the national anthem at preseason games, the often-reactionary world of sports turned on the quarterback for his “disrespect.” One particular group of Americans came to Kaepernick’s defense on Twitter: veterans. Using the hashtag #VeteransforKaepernick, current and former military members explained that their service was in protection of First Amendment rights, the part of the constitution allowing freedom of speech.
Arthur, the aardvark star of the eponymous book series and PBS children’s show, became a breakout meme star in August. Or rather, his fist did. Arthur’s clenched fist, a symbol for your internalized rage about anything (Ruben Studdard winning American Idol, your iPhone running out of storage space, the fact that bees are dying globally at an alarming rate) first rose in popularity on Black Twitter, but was quickly picked up by a larger audience. At the meme’s peak, WGBH — the station that airs Arthur — let everyone know it did not particularly approve of the R-rated uses of the fist. Which, naturally, only inspired more memes.
The first meme of the Games of the XXXI Olympiad emerged when Pita Nikolas Taufatofua donned a traditional Tongan ta’ovala, greased up his pecs, and marched the flag of his country right into internet fame. The Olympic flag bearer was in Rio to compete in taekwondo, but his big moment came during the opening ceremonies when his very shiny and toned bod was all anybody — read: your mother — could talk about.
Mavis, adorable elderly woman on Twitter and grandmother to British Olympian Adam Peaty, decided the best way to cheer on her grandson would be through a series of darling tweets. Laden with positive thoughts, pride, emoji, and her signature, “Nan,” so Peaty would know who wrote the tweets, Mavis might have been more deserving of a medal than Peaty, who went on to win gold and break a world breaststroke record.
A sort of cousin to “get you a man who can do both,” “you vs. the guy she tells you not to worry about” is a classic, simple-to-construct comparison meme. Step one: a photo of “you.” (Or, really, whoever.) Step two: a photo of the guy “she tells you not to worry about,” who is likely taller, smarter, richer, and hotter than “you” are. The meme originated back in October of 2015, but picked up steam again this August, because who doesn’t love to feel totally inadequate?
What we said at the time: “The best running jokes on the internet are simple. They’re easy enough to replicate, and getting into them doesn’t require much thought beyond the surface level. (Example: the pure beauty of the bath-bomb meme.) This week, an excellently stupid joke has been making the rounds: old Valentine’s-Day-card standby ‘Roses are red, violets are blue.’ The formula for participating is easy. Stanza one: Roses are red. Stanza two: Violets are [word that will rhyme with …]. Stanza three: Screenshot of a ridiculous news headline or YouTube video title.”
While waiting to swim in the men’s 200-meter-butterfly semifinal in Rio, South Africa’s Chad le Clos shadowboxed near his legendary rival, the American swimmer Michael Phelps, who sat on deck with a hood pulled over his head and a look of intense — let’s say — focus on his face. The gas face earned itself a hashtag (#PhelpsFace) and a slew of memes featuring the swimmer’s stern gaze. Phelps would later tell NBC he didn’t even see le Clos and was just trying to do his “thing” before the race. Which he won, by the way.
Drake, a human meme, and Rihanna, one of the great muses of memery, began a brief and highly public flirtation in September that had many speculating about how close they really were. If Drake and Rihanna couldn’t get their acts together, what chance do the rest of us have? That angst was channeled into a vast trove of “Aubrih”-related memes, until the rumors died off and the internet moved on to new and different things.
The popular song “Wag Ka Ng Umiyak” (“Don’t Cry Anymore”) is largely unrecognizable in the U.S., but is deeply familiar in the Philippines as the theme song (and frequent interstitial music) to the show Ang Probinsyano. But why stop there? If Filipinos had their way (according to this popular Filipino meme), “Wag Ka Ng Umiyak” would soundtrack dozens of other TV shows and movies. If Spider-Man 2 was made in the Philippines? Well, the climactic subway scene would certainly sound different.
As popular as “fake news” has become to describe stories and images that detach themselves from reality and enter the free-floating viral vacuum, “meme” is just as accurate, and no bit of viral insanity was more memelike this year than Hillary Clinton’s illness and collapse at the 9/11 memorial. Within hours, the moment had led to a vast array of rabid conspiracy theories involving body doubles and forensic photo analysis, and, of course, memes making fun of the conspiracy theories. And within a few days nothing was left of any of it except the residue of memory.
What we said at the time: “A dance craze has suddenly taken over the teenage internet, and you have Zay Hilfiger to thank for it. The 15-year-old self-proclaimed ‘internet celebrity, dancer, comedian, rapper, and YouTuber’ with a ‘good Instagram following’ is the artist behind ‘TZ Anthem,’ a catchy track performed over the beat to Crime Mob’s ‘Knuck If You Buck.’ But more importantly, he’s the man behind the #TZAnthemChallenge, in which participants undertake the entire sequence of dance moves performed by Hilfiger in the official video. Dance challenges are the frequent and popular subject of YouTube videos, but TZ Anthem seems to have some particularly limber legs: It’s currently taking over living rooms, cafeterias, locker rooms, high-school parking lots — which means it’s also taken over Vine, Snapchat, and Twitter. Just ask the nearest teenager you can find.”
What we said at the time: “This morning, Hillary Clinton’s official campaign website published an explainer about a cartoon frog. His name is Pepe. You know Pepe. He’s that forest green, anthropomorphic frog with the maroon lips; the one from all the memes … He’s near-infinitely mutable, and versions of his visage have been posted online by untold numbers of people, among them Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry, and — most important, at least for the Clinton campaign — Donald Trump and his son. Neither the elder nor the younger Trump actually crafted the Pepe images they posted — credit for that goes to the hateful meme factories of the so-called alt-right. Indeed, Pepe has become something of a mascot for them. But Pepe predates their rise to national prominence, and his creator, cartoonist Matt Furie, could not be less connected to their movement. He’s been drawing Pepe on and off as part of a surreal comic strip called ‘Boy’s Club’ since 2005, and he doesn’t seem to care at all about the ways the character has been used to create havoc online. ‘Politics are for dorks,’ he tells me in an email.”
If a single seltzer could be said to have defined 2016, it’s La Croix, which became a Pabst Blue Ribbon–level indicator of hipsterdom thanks to its array of flavors and jazzy ’90s logo. And, well, nothing says “hipster-bait” like a make-your-own-jazzy-’90s-logo widget. Using this custom generator to create custom joke flavors (like “poop”) became a brief pastime of the coastal seltzer-drinking elites.
President-elect Donald Trump is … not good with kids. During a stop in Michigan, Trump met with Amariyanna “Mari” Copeny, currently serving as Little Miss Flint; in a single photo, Mari channeled the anxiety that many Americans were and are still feeling about the election. (It didn’t help that an earlier photo of Mari meeting President Obama showed a much calmer young woman.)
No man was more manly, no man more heroic than this anonymous Russian Samaritan, captured by highway cameras in Russia in the act of saving a kitten that had just spent a solid minute dodging speeding cars. In a year of bad news, this was the anxiety-inducing video and GIF that at least ended happily.
After a bomb exploded in Chelsea, causing few injuries and no deaths, New Yorkers took to Twitter to express their actual worst NYC-related fears: cockroaches, collapsing sidewalk grates, and getting pushed in front of an oncoming subway train. Nowhere on the lists were pressure-cooker bombs.
Based on a film trope — a cigarette smoker pausing at the mention of another character to say “I haven’t heard that name in years” — this meme involved, well, sticking cigarettes into things. Haven’t seen money in years? Make it look like a wallet’s smoking a cigarette. Harambe? A monkey smoking a cigarette. “‘I Haven’t Heard That Name in Years’?” [Puffs cigarette.] “I haven’t heard that meme in years.”
A bomb-defusing robot for the St. Louis police department got stuck on a hill and tipped over. Unable to right itself, it just lay there, useless — kinda like the rest of us.
Donald Trump Jr.’s appeal to millennials — somewhere between Village of the Damned and a rejected “happy businesspeople” stock photo — which he tweeted out in September, ended up being very appealing to millennials … as fodder for memes.
What we said at the time: “It will not surprise you that people did not take kindly to the comparison [between Syrian refugees and Skittles]. Quickly, the internet’s outrage machinery kicked into gear. Think pieces were published; tweets were tweeted; perhaps most interesting, the Intercept noted that the general expression Trump Jr. used dates back ‘at least to’ Julius Streicher, the publisher of the notoriously anti-Semitic Der Stürmer newspaper, who was executed at Nuremberg for crimes against humanity, in 1946. Streicher, it turns out, made a pretty Trumpian statement about Jews in a children’s book he authored in 1938: ‘However they disguise themselves, or however friendly they try to be, affirming a thousand times their good intentions to us, one must not believe them. Jews they are and Jews they remain. For our Volk [people] they are poison.’”
For weeks in September, social feeds were clogged with this hashtag, which asked users to select three characters that “described” them. One of social media’s great strengths is the extent to which it demonstrates to us how similar we are — which is why the “three characters” were usually some combination of Daria, Miss Piggy, and 30 Rock’s Liz Lemon.
Just when you thought Harambe was done, Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling retweeted a joke about the gorilla being a possible Patronus, the sort of ghost-animal wizards conjure during battle. And then had to clarify that no, your Patronus can’t be Harambe. Next time you hear about the internet expanding democracy and freedom, remember this day.
Oculus VR co-founder Palmer Luckey hasn’t been seen in public since he confirmed that he was using his Facebook fortune to bankroll Nimble America, a political action group dedicated to fighting the Clinton campaign through “meme magic.” Other than funding an anti-Clinton billboard near Pittsburgh, it’s not clear what they accomplished — but, well, maybe that’s what “meme magic” really is.
Your guess is as good as mine, but it’s got 18 million views (and counting), so …
At the official opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C., photographers snapped what became a viral image of Michelle Obama hugging George W. Bush. Comedian Mike Birbiglia tweeted it out, writing, “This is powerful. I’m sorry, but it is. Please don’t write something snarky.” Which is, like, you might as well put sign on that tweet saying “write something snarky,” and, of course, people started posting the same caption alongside very not-powerful photos. Birbiglia eventually deleted the tweet.
At a campaign stop in Orlando, Hillary Clinton posed for a photo op while dozens of adoring fans took selfies with her in the background. Clinton had instructed the crowd to take the photos as selfies — but that didn’t really come across in the image, which made it appear as if everyone was ignoring the candidate in order to get a selfie. A classic internet fight emerged between two groups: People who wanted to yell “millennials!” and shake their fists at the sky, and people who wanted to pedantically correct members of the former group.
Subtweet at your own risk — your targets might find it! Penn State student Jessy discovered that her roommate had been subliminally tweeting about her, and decided to address the drama by printing out the subtweets, and brilliantly and passive-aggressively, hanging them up in the dorm. Usually, funny things happen in the real world and end up on Twitter; it’s nice to see something go in reverse.
What we said at the time: “The photo of the Jenner sisters, and its accompanying challenge [“name a more iconic duo”], was tweeted last week, but started picking up steam last night and this morning. ‘I wanted to see how people would respond to me calling Kendall and Kylie iconic,’ the meme creator told me via DM … When I asked if she truly believed the sisters were ‘iconic,’ the answer was a firm no. Joke or not, the ‘iconic duo’ tweet has taken on a life of its own. Turns out, plenty of people are eager to name duos more iconic than Jenner Thing 1 and Jenner Thing 2. (Worth noting: This isn’t the first instance of the iconic-duo joke online, but the Jenner tweet was the spark that started the meme fire.)”
“Me.” —all of the people who saw this panda cub, being showcased at a panda-breeding research center, faceplant off the stage
No one, in the history of human endeavor, has ever found a reason to put trigonometry to use — until now. Dabbing, still the premiere dance-move meme of 2016, was combined with the ancient study of triangles to when astute math student Anicca calculated that her friend dabbed precisely at a 31.70-degree angle.
If “Aubrih” was this year’s inspirational meme couple, Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian were this year’s relatable meme couple. When Chyna discovered Rob was texting with other women, she tweeted his (real) phone number, and snapped a video of herself giving advice to fans: “To ensure that your man is not texting no bitches, just tweet his number out. How does that feel Rob? How you feel?” (Rob, who appears in the video, says: “Feels good.”)
An attempt to shoot some fish in a barrel went wrong when it turned out the fish had guns, too: #HowtoConfuseaMillennial, a hashtag meant to generate jokes about millennials, quickly became a hashtag to generate sardonic jokes about the boomers and Gen-Xers who’d ruined the world. How do you confuse a millennial? “Crash their economy and then condescendingly ask why so many of them are living with their parents,” one person suggested.
#BlackBoyJoy, an established hashtag used to show too-often overlooked images of black boys and young men having fun and generally enjoying life, got a big boost after the MTV VMAs, when Chance the Rapper shared a photo of himself with the hashtag #BlackBoyJoy. His tweet led thousands of other users to share pics of themselves, and their friends and family, and kept the hashtag trending for days.
Following a whirlwind summer romance filled with not-at-all staged beach photo shoots, Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston … broke up. Hoping Swift would pull her usual turn relationships into multi-platinum records, people on Twitter imagined verses from a potential Hiddleswift breakup song. “I knew you were trouble when I saw your brief appearance in War Horse.”
Apple announced its new phone in September, but there was really only one thing anyone wanted to talk about: the “AirPods,” the wireless headphones meant to replace the iconic earbuds rendered obsolete by the lack of a headphone jack. They seemed easy to lose, cost $160, look dorky as hell. But they made for great meme ammunition, and someone described them as “sex sticks that fuck your ears.” We’ll all be wearing them in about five years.
Cotton candy, possibly the most meme-worthy of all candies, came to the fore again in September when a small child with an expressive candy-coated face became fodder for Reddit’s Photoshop battles section.
If we’d already experienced the nadir of the Harambe meme, this was the moment when it dissipated into mechanically determined meme nonsense: According to a widely circulated story, a Chinese zoo held a public poll to choose the new name for their baby gorilla, and Harambe McHarambeface — a combination of the two most done-to-death jokes of 2016 — was selected. It got both worse and more typical of 2016: The news story was fake, the baby gorilla was fake, and there was no Harambe McHarambeface.
