It’s possible that Google may still work with other companies to bring the tech to market, but they are no longer planning to release the devices themselves.
For years, Google’s intriguing Project Ara has languished internally, a perpetual dream that was never quite ready for prime time. Project Ara was an attempt at creating a modular phone, one where components and hardware could be mixed and matched to suit a user’s unique preferences. It was an intriguing idea, and now it’s dead.
If you checked out Reddit’s /r/videos yesterday, you might have noticed that a video entitled “YouTube Is Shutting Down My Channel and I’m Not Sure What to Do” held the top position for much of the day. In it, Philip DeFranco (a frequent vlogger with more than 4.5 million YouTube followers) explained he had received a notification from YouTube that he would no longer be able to monetize one of his recent videos. The video’s dramatic title is a bit hyperbolic, but, hey, it worked. I clicked.
The latest thing in wearable technology is apparently turning your own finger into a phone substitute, so that it always looks like you’re having a conversation in pantomime. The upside, however, is that you’ll definitely never forget to clean out your ears again.
This Vine is so pleasing. Some solid wordplay and singing food. I love it! I’m not sure what else to say here, except congratulations to this Vine maker on making a great Vine. I’ve watched it a bajillion times.
This tweet is excellent. It’s hard-core. It’s relatable. It takes you on an emotional journey. At some point in our lives, we’ve all been that kid getting dumped by our middle-school girlfriend for our love of death metal. Then again, maybe we haven’t. Either way, still a good tweet.
According to DeFranco, YouTube came after his video for violating its terms of use, citing “excessive strong language.” (DeFranco refers to his viewers as “beautiful bastards” at the opening of every video, to give you an idea of his style.) In the video that prompted the notification, DeFranco discussed several controversial topics, including Standford rapist Brock Turner, which could be deemed inappropriate as per YouTube’s “advertiser-friendly content guidelines.” DeFranco would later tweet that at least a dozen of his videos have been affected.
DeFranco describes losing monetization as “censorship with a different name,” and he’s not the only one speaking out. Several other YouTubers have since tweeted about similar experiences, inspiring the hashtag #YouTubeIsOverParty.
Apple has issued an emergency patch for its computer operating system macOS this week after researchers discovered multiple zero-day exploits. The vulnerabilities were found in iOS, Apple’s mobile software, after activist Ahmed Mansoor received a suspicious text message containing a link, but the underlying code powering both iOS and macOS are similar enough that Apple issued a patch for the latter today as well. iOS was patched last week.
The fix is out now, and you should probably download it. We’ve got a long weekend coming up, so you’ve got time.
The patch notes for the operating system and Safari browser warn that, if left unfixed, “[v]isiting a maliciously crafted website may lead to arbitrary code execution.” In layman’s terms, someone could get access to vital parts of the operating system.
It makes sense that YouTubers would be concerned about these perceived changes; video ads are a key part of generating income for a vlogger. But YouTube says the only thing that has changed in recent days is creators are now more transparently notified when monetized ads are removed from a video. “We recently started rolling out improved notifications in Video Manager to make it clearer to creators when a video is demonetized due to advertiser-friendly content concerns, as well as to make it easy to appeal,” the company explained in a blog post. “This change is just one part of our broader effort to improve our platform and help our creators build strong businesses on YouTube.” Under the new changes, creators receive an email every time a video is demonetized and will be able to request a re-review for videos they believe are wrongly deemed inappropriate. Which means YouTubers aren’t necessarily losing any more money than they were before, but now they’ll know when it’s happening.
Or as YouTube put it in a tweet: “Our $$$ policy hasn’t changed, but we do have a new notification system.” Now it’s just a matter of whether the $$$ matters enough to these creators to make them play by YouTube’s rules. Or if the YouTuber community, by sheer force of hashtag, will be able to make YouTube change its advertising guidelines. For Phil DeFranco, it seems like he’s hopeful for the latter.
Remember the first time you sat behind the wheel of a car and stared wide-eyed as you tried to merge into moving traffic? Sweaty palms. Weak knees. A true feeling of dread settling into the pit of your stomach. Fun stuff!
Now, picture all that with the added pressure of knowing the person in the car behind you is filming your attempted merge and cackling all the while. Which is, of course, exactly what some schmuck on YouTube did to the tune of nearly 100,000 views and plenty of Reddit comments.
Keep trying, nameless student driver. I’m rooting for you.
Labor Day weekend is over, which means you’re back in the office, your white open-toed shoes are back in the closet till next summer, and kids everywhere are back to school. Where, if they are lucky, they are not being serenaded by their teacher in a weird medley of top 40 hits with the lyrics altered to focus on the math class. (Calvin Harris and Rihanna’s “This Is What You Came For” becomes “math is, math is what you came for.” Ouch.)
In the video, a Michigan high school teacher named Ms. Wippel (or at least that’s what I’ve gathered from closely reading the teacher’s name tacked to the board at the front of the classroom) rolls through songs like Rihanna’s “Work,” Fifth Harmony’s “Work From Home” (sensing a theme here), Drake’s “Hotline Bling,” (“Your momma’s calling on your cell phone, in the middle of class”), and Carrie Underwood’s “Before He Cheats.” (That last one you can figure out for yourself.) A freebooted version of the video is making its way up the /r/videos subreddit today and has already surpassed 500,000 views. (Half of them are me.) Ms. Wippel, if you’re reading this, I need to know more. Is this an annual tradition? Do you write the lyrics yourself? Will you perform at my next party or event?
Kudos to every teen in this video who did not laugh once during the entire performance and politely applauded when their teacher was done. A’s for everybody.
In what is surely the greatest argument ever for paying attention in trigonometry class, a college student in Virginia used math to calculate the exact angle of her dab. (Trig is not needed to calculate the number of people who have faved and retweeted her since, but you do need to be able to count to at least 50,000.)
Anicca is a 20-year-old college senior at Regent University, where she is majoring in biophysical sciences and minoring in business. “I was actually sitting with my friends, after visiting the lake, looking at the original photo and waiting for our physics professor when I noticed how straight my arms were,” she told me via Twitter DM. “Honestly, the first thing I thought was just ‘I wonder what the angle of this is?’”
Next to actually announcing that they plan on releasing some sort of hardware, Snapchat has done the next best thing. According to the Financial Times, the start-up has joined Bluetooth Special Interest Group, the body that governs the Bluetooth wireless standard that most wearable technology employs.
Joining the Bluetooth SIG isn’t something that software developers do. According to FT, “only companies with plans to launch a wireless device, rather than merely develop software, would join the Bluetooth consortium.”
The project is still in its early stages — don’t expect it anytime soon — but Snapchat has been aggressive in looking at AR companies and poaching people from other hardware start-ups. FT also reports that they’ve brought on a recruiter who previously worked in the division at Google which produced its Glass hardware.
Reports of Snapchat working on some sort of augmented-reality eyewear have been circulating since March, when news surfaced that Snapchat was building up a group of AR experts. In June, Business Insider reported that company CEO Evan Spiegel had worn a prototype out in public.
“I literally just sat on the floor outside of the classroom, pulled out my calculator and borrowed a ruler from my friend,” Anicca explained. “My friends all thought it was pretty hilarious and I joked that it was a perfect example of my ‘brand,’ so I tweeted it too.” Ah, yes. Doing it for the brand.
Wowee zowee, what a bad dog! I’ll take five, please!
Simone Giertz is back at it again with another terrible robot, but this time, the robot is a dog. Remember those Boston Dynamics videos showing doglike robots sprinting at high speeds and managing to maintain their balance?
To celebrate the true spirit of Labor Day, I spent most of my weekend eating vanilla pudding cups and alternating between episodes Gilmore Girls and Stranger Things. Following a particularly enraging episode of the latter (why, Barb, why?!), I clicked back to the main menu to switch shows and noticed Netflix offering a slightly, um, off recommendation, classifying The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh as a “Romantic Movie.”
Okay, now imagine the exact opposite of that, something more along the lines of the baby-headed spider from Toy Story. That’s this garbage dog, whom I love. I will protect this sweet, awful, perfect mistake with my life.
I don’t remember much about this G-rated, 1997 flick from my childhood, but I certainly don’t remember the plot containing much romance, unless you count the love between a cartoon bear and his honey pot. (Netflix’s age guides recommend the film for viewers ages 0 to 4.) I laughed, tweeted a screenshot of the pairing with a groan-inducing joke, and didn’t think anything else of it. Until I noticed I wasn’t the only one experiencing (and subsequently tweeting about) some technical difficulties with Netflix’s movie and TV show suggestions. See here: a recommendation for classic “Family Feature,” No Country for Old Men.
Or the beloved “Sports Movie” V for Vendetta.
And how could we forget the critically acclaimed British period drama Narcos.
As of publishing this piece, Netflix had not responded to Select All’s inquiries for comment regarding a potential glitch. However, it seems like everything has since returned to normal on the streaming service’s web platform (at least for me) and all is quiet on the western front. (An iconic 1930s romantic comedy.)
“French Language” hit The Flash.
Then again, the platform is now recommending lackluster Breaking Bad spin-off Better Call Saul to me as a “Witty TV Show” so, glitch or no glitch, it’s certainly not a perfect system.
Apple’s big event, its September keynote, will be going down Wednesday at 10 a.m. PT, or 1 p.m. ET. Here are a few things to remember if you’re thinking about livestreaming it from Apple.
You’ll need to use Safari.Cue the “LOL, the one time a year I use Safari” jokes, but, yeah, if you haven’t upgraded the browser in a while or don’t have it installed, you’ll want to make sure you have it at the ready; otherwise, going to the livestreaming Apple page is gonna give you nothing.
Still, Apple’s standard operating procedure is to talk about updates and sales numbers and other smaller stuff before getting to the new phone. One caveat: If you are super into smartwatches, there’s a very good chance the Apple Watch 2 will be announced tomorrow, and that will most likely happen before the iPhone 7 reveal.
Maybe avoid Twitter?I mean, obviously check in with the Select All Twitter account constantly, but Twitter during an Apple keynote is tens of thousands of tech people doing “yes, and” improv live, which is like a production of Swan Lake put on by horses. There are funny tech people out there, but the good-versus-not-good joke ratio during an Apple keynote on Twitter is pretty abysmal.
The good stuff may not come during the first hour.The unveiling of the new iPhone will be the highlight of the event, and Apple knows that. So if you care about the iPhone stuff, you can probably skip the first hour or so. In 2015, the iPhone 6s announcement happened around 93 minutes into a 140-minute presentation — though, in 2014, Tim Cook launched immediately into the iPhone 6 news, so you never know.
Also, maybe just don’t watch it?John Herrman put this much more poetically over at the Awl in 2014, but, basically, consider how much you care about being among the absolutely first to know about, like, whether the new iPhone will come with Bluetooth earphones or ones that plug into the Lightning port. (Also, if you’re watching the livestream, you won’t be the first to know — it’s on about a ten-second delay from what folks are seeing at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco.)
No one can argue that Apple makes revolutionary products. That doesn’t mean you have to watch this particular iteration of the revolution be televised.
If you’re not a serious spec-head or gadget nerd, do you need to watch a two-hour-long PowerPoint (er, excuse me, Keynote) presentation about what a company plans to sell? There will be detailed roundups of every section of the keynote within minutes, and deeper analyses and buyer’s guides and hot takes and counterintuitive takes about Apple’s keynote by mid-afternoon Wednesday, and continuing on for probably the rest of the week. You will get your fill of Apple news, regardless of whether you watch the livestream or not.
What it reveals is the troubling process by which copyright claims are automated, and, on too-frequent occasion, complied with. Fair use and intellectual property are thorny issues that machines are still not able to accurately parse. They require judgment rendered on a case-by-case basis, not blanket action. In this case, Warner Bros. shot itself in the foot, but too often, creators with fair-use claims are hounded by rights holders with more resources, and there is little that they can do.
Rather than go through and search by hand, major entertainment companies use automation and third-party services to comb through the internet and find websites that infringe on their copyright. In theory, there is not anything wrong with this — protecting one’s intellectual property is fine. But people and companies that file automated DMCA takedowns can often end up showing the cracks in our outmoded copyright system.
For instance, last month, Warner Bros. asked Google to delist its own websites from search rankings. According to TorrentFreak, the studio requested that Google scrub any record of official websites of The Dark Knight and The Matrix, both of which were hosted on the warnerbros.com domain. It should be pretty clear that these sites were authorized.
It has been a few weeks since our favorite teenage YouTube couple fled the city of Chicago and Brianna Joy and Jaelin White seem to be doing just fine back home, in Arizona. In this week’s vlog installment, the two participate in a fun game called the “husband and wife tag” where they quiz each other on personal details in an attempt to determine, as the video’s title explains in all caps, “WHO IS THE BETTER SPOUSE.” To up the ante, whenever someone gets a question wrong, they get a cupcake to the face. (Tag games like these are fairly popular on the YouTube circuit. The frosting, however, is of the Whites’ own devising.)
If you had to sum up the biggest internet phenomena of 2016, and you were mercifully allowed to exclude Donald Trump and the alt-right, two things would be at the top of the list: Harambe and campus outrage. And now, thanks to a viral conservative news story out of Massachusetts, the two have combined, and may give birth to potent new super-memes.
The campus-outrage outrage internet is a bit more diffuse, and you may be unfamiliar with it if you don’t masochistically follow certain online culture wars. In short, there’s now an entire corner of the internet dedicated to finding random examples of college kids acting in over-the-top social-justicey ways, heaping ridicule on said students, and using them as examples of how libtards want to execute professors who assign books written by white men (or something). The most extreme such incidents go viral, as was the case with an unfortunate woman caught on tape freaking out at a Milo Yiannopoulos talk at UMass, who was subsequently dubbed Trigglypuff. The campus-outrage outrage internet attracts a lot of angry alt-right types, who are not afraid to get very, very mean and very, very personal.
Normally, these two internets are pretty separate, but they have been smushed together thanks to an email that was sent out by resident assistants at UMass, which has since gone viral. Campus Reform, a key node in the campus-outrage outrage online ecosystem, has the story:
Let’s review these two internets before getting to their unexpected merger. The Harambe internet is pretty straightforward: It is dedicated to producing and disseminating memes that celebrate and glorify the life of Harambe, that noble gorilla cut down in his prime after a toddler found his way into his enclosure back in May. Harambe memes range from Photoshop jobs to dumb journalists tweeting out horrible Harambized song lyrics to everything in between. Overall, it’s all mostly harmless and pretty funny, with the notable exception of that time the Cincinnati Zoo had to shut down its social-media account because people wouldn’t stop tweeting Harambe memes at it.
The reasoning behind the RAs’ message is that there is an African-American heritage community on campus known as Harambee (Swahili for ““the point where all things come together”), so talking about a totally different Harambe in a jokey way is offensive.
Which, frankly, doesn’t make a whole lot of sense. As fodder for campus-outrage outrage, this has it all: inexperienced college students twisting themselves into a pretzel to be intersectional, the opportunity to blow up said students because their actions totally prove trigger warnings are part of a cuck conspiracy, and a dash of the racial resentment often expressed by online anti-campus-outrage warriors (the whiny “Oh, so BLACK PEOPLE can mention Harambe, but we can’t?” comments practically write themselves). Plus, it’s got Harambe!
This is an unexpected marriage of two corners of the internet with extremely active, passionate followings. And with the campus-outrage outrage brigade’s record of memes like Trigglypuff, College Liberal, and so on, it’s only a matter of time before Harambe gets thrown into the mix. When that happens, the only question is whether things get quite offensive, or wildly so.
As a relative newcomer to the White fandom, I have learned so much about my favorite internet couple from this particular vlog. Jaelin’s all-time favorite food is coconut shrimp, not Chipotle as Brianna guessed. Brianna has NEVER had a boyfriend named Alex. Jaelin’s ideal weekend is spent “paintballing” and Brianna does not share his dream of visiting the Maldives. Riveting stuff!
Thank you, Brianna and Jaelin, for this highly educational video. Now please go do something about all of the frosting you flung at your carpet.
Labor Day has passed and we’ve all ostensibly moved on from our hunt for the great Song of Summer 2016. But in case there is any chance of getting this in under the wire, I’d like to submit for your consideration: a shockingly good EDM track composed almost entirely of squeaking rubber chickens. (The bass drop gets a little bit of help from a paper cup and one of the group members yelling “shake it!”)
Honestly, there isn’t much more to say about this short, but excellent, tune created by a group called “Dancing Noodle.” If you liked 2015 Vine hit “Duck Army,” you will probably like this song. If you like rubber chickens, you will probably like this song. If you are a 12-year-old at heart, you will probably like this song.
See. You liked it, didn’t you?
By now, you probably know the story of Theranos, the medical start-up that promised a revolutionary new blood-testing technique built on a foundation of distortions and misrepresentations. Theranos is a shining example of Silicon Valley’s attitude that hindsight is 20/20, and that problems only appear in retrospect.
To that end, Vanity Fair’s exhaustive chronicle of the downfall of Theranos and its founder, college dropout Elizabeth Holmes, provides many memorable anecdotes on how to build a billion-dollar company on big promises and obfuscation. But one of the most darkly funny moments comes early on, when the article describes how investors vetted Holmes’s sales pitch.
This is an amazing detail. Theranos promised that its technology could test for hundreds of ailments with just a finger-prick amount of blood. Instead, a venture capitalist went to Walgreens and ended up literally surrendering far more blood than intended. From a certain viewpoint, one might say that Theranos tricked someone out of their blood. It is an incredible scenario: an investor having their bodily fluids pumped and simultaneously coming to the realization that maybe that’s not what’s supposed to be happening.
Imagine expecting to pay $1 for something, and then the store charges you $100. Theranos did that, but with someone’s blood. Silicon Valley is wild.
Bye-bye dreams of having one of your snaps featured on the New York City Snapchat story. The company is nixing local stories —the geo-fenced Snapchat stories using submissions from area residents and curated by Snapchat employees — according to Bloomberg. Approximately 15 people will reportedly lose their positions at the company as a result of this change.
It’s sad to see local stories go. The curated snaps were often surprisingly entertaining and, thanks to captions and editing from those 15 Snapchat employees, the stories felt seamless and far better produced than the clunky stories my friends and I regularly post. Plus, now I might actually have to leave my apartment to find out what is going on in my city. And who wants to do that?
In lieu of local stories, Bloomberg also reports the company will be shifting its attention to “live moments,” which feature video happening in (almost) real time from major events like the Super Bowl or national holidays. (Do a shot every time a company announces they will be doubling down on live video in 2016!)
Prince Charles, who is not young, demonstrated precisely how old as heck he is yesterday while talking about the importance of the British postal system. Celebrating the 500th anniversary of the Royal Mail, the heir to the throne said, “In you, the written word itself has a staunch defender, reminding us that well-constructed and properly thought-through prose will always endure, whatever the vagaries of fashion.”
Charles was referring to electronic communication, which he believes has wrecked the way that young people communicate. “In these days of texting and various social media apps, the well-constructed sentence is under mortal threat!” he said, according to the Daily Mail. He was critical of our current “140 characters or less culture,” referring to Twitter.
I mean, on the one hand, he’s right. Beautiful English phrases like, “Oi, a toff tried to nick me trousers by the lorry in Piccadilly Circus, so I gave him a right good bollocking” have been replaced by “lol do it 4 the vine.”
But on the other hand, Prince Charles is old as hell. He’s got a full staff to cater on him every hour of the day, which gives him plenty of time to hand-write his letters. That’s not to discount his opinion — he obviously worked very hard to get where he is by simply being born.
To put it differently:
After months of rumors, hype, and Apple cryptically activating its 5-year-dormant Twitter account, the big day is finally here. But just in case you didn’t spend several hours of your Wednesday with your eyes glued to a livestream featuring Tim Cook, Craig Federighi’s hair, and (hopefully) many, many segments starring the wonderful Bozoma Saint John, we’ve rounded up the most important parts for you here.
7. Mario is coming to the app store.
This post is being updated. Refresh for the latest.
A new game called Super Mario Run will soon be available in the app store thanks to a partnership between Nintendo and Apple. You’ll be able to play in battle mode with users around the world, and the game is designed to be played with just one hand. (Though if you’re an iPhone Plus owner with Trump hands, that might be a little tricky.)
8. Group projects are going to get easier.
Apple’s iWork suite (Pages, Numbers, and Keynote) is going to be enabled with real-time collaboration. Now, you and your colleagues can update slideshows, spreadsheets, and documents from a number of devices simultaneously and in real time.
4. You can now use your Apple Watch to play Pokémon Go.
Apple wants you to get healthy while catching pocket monsters in watchOS 3. The AR game is now compatible with Apple Watch and the device will tell you how far you need to walk to catch a Snorlax or hatch an egg and will alert you when you’re near a Pokéstop. When you’re done playing, you can track how many calories you’ve burned and how far you’ve traveled.
5. Speaking of, there is a new Apple Watch on the block. And in the pool.
Apple Watch Series 2 is “swim-proof,” meaning you can actually wear it underwater, unlike the previous device which was just “splash-proof.” It’s water-resistant up to 50 meters. (This is about the same as your standard sports watch.) The new Apple Watch also contains an S2 processing chip which allows for sharper graphics, higher detail in apps, and better display brightness. Series 2 also has built-in GPS and is available in a white ceramic finish.
6. Nike and Apple really want you to get off the couch.
Apple Watch Series 2 also has a Nike+ edition, engineered to motivate you to get out and start running. Distance and pace are displayed clearly and the device’s “Are We Running Today?” feature will nudge you to get out there and just do it. (Sorry.) It is available in four tonal shades that range from black to gray.
1. The iPhone 7 is here and it’s pretty much exactly what we expected.
At today’s Apple Event, the ‘90s kid inside all of us got some truly exciting news: Super Mario is coming to the iPhone. The game is called Super Mario Run, and it will be available in time for the holidays.
Possibly the worst kept secret in tech, Tim Cook finally finally announced the iPhone 7, which, like its predecessor, comes in standard and plus models. It will be available in a high-gloss jet black, a matte black, silver, gold, and rose gold.The home button is now force sensitive and the iPhone is water- and dust-resistant. The iPhone starts at 32GB, rather than the traditional 16GB.
2. Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are getting a camera upgrade.
The iPhone 7 offers optical image stabilization and a wider lens for sharper, better images. A new 12 megapixel sensor works 60 percent faster than Apple’s older phone cameras and an LED Tru Tone flash offers 50 percent more light for overall improvement in coloring and better photos in low-light environments. The iPhone 7 Plus offers a dual camera, allowing for more nuanced zoom capabilities. The front-facing camera on both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus has also been increased to seven megapixels (up from five in the 6S), which means better selfies.
3. The headphone jack is no more.
It happened. Apple’s iPhone 7 will not have the traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack. Instead, users will have a few options. Option one: Use an lightning-port adapter, which will come in the box with the new iPhones. Or option two: Buy a pair of wireless headphones, like Apple’s new AirPods or a set of new Beats.
The only thing harder than assembling IKEA furniture? Assembling IKEA furniture under the influence of hallucinogenic drugs. Or, at least, that’s the premise behind the hit new YouTube channel HIKEA. But hey, it’s still probably easier than trying to do it with your significant other.
At today’s live Apple event, the fruit unveiled the iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2, and the Apple Watch Nike+.
The watch — which comes in two sizes, 38 mm ($369) and 42mm ($399) —features built-in GPS tracking, a perforated sport band for ventilation, Nike+ Run Club app integration, and exclusive Siri commands for starting a run. Plus, push(y) notifications:
One prompt in particular asks, “Are we running today?” No, Apple Watch,WE are not running. I am running; you are merely along for the ride, capturing all of my personal data, which you will use to expertly nag me at a later date.
This afternoon, Apple unveiled its next iPhone. It came with the standard upgrades (longer battery, faster components, thinner profile), the expected tweaks (no headphone jack, another camera lens), and … not much else. It’s a smartphone! You’re used to them by now.
Who cares? I mean, obviously people care, but six years ago, when Gizmodo got its hands on a prototype left at a bar, it was the biggest tech story in the world. Nowadays, Apple phone redesigns are less novel. Apple actually leaked its phone in advance by posting pictures on Twitter. There are a number of reasons for this, and many of them are technical, but it helps to compare physical hardware development to Moore’s Law, a foundational principle of computing.
The idea of Moore’s Law is that every two years, computer chips double in speed. This was novel decades ago, as hours of number-crunching dropped to minutes and then seconds. The progress was noticeable and admirable. But when you get from 100 milliseconds to 50 milliseconds, the improvements become less obvious, less laudable. The same idea applies to hardware. IPhones have gotten thinner, but by shaving off fractions of an inch at a time. Now, Apple is sacrificing the standard 3.5 mm jack for an ever-so-slightly thinner profile. Instead of going from slow to fast, and fat to thin, the iPhone now goes from very fast to very, very fast, and pretty thin to just a tad bit thinner.
Speaking of the camera, holy moly did Apple spend way too long talking about it. They were really scraping the bottom of the barrel, stretching for time by talking about optical zoom, and bokeh, and technical intricacies that the normal smartphone user doesn’t really care about. All Apple needs to do every year, camerawise, is demonstrate that the photos look better than ever. At some point, 20 minutes into his camera opus, it seemed like Phil Schiller was actually trying to put the audience to sleep before getting to controversial news that the phone was dropping its headphone jack.
That’s why Apple led off by focusing not on the phone itself but on what you could do with it, what the phone served as an interface for. You can listen to music through Apple’s subscription service. You can view your photos in iCloud, the storage space of which can be increased by paying Apple. You can control your home by connecting to other devices powered by Apple’s HomeKit.
Consider Apple’s extended segment on their camera. The new tech, according to Apple, performs “100 billion operations in 25 milliseconds every time you take a picture.” That’s a number so astronomical crammed into a segment of time so short that it defies comprehension and, subsequently, appreciation.
Apple touted that it had 70 exclusives alone since Apple Music launched a little over a year ago. It touted significant third-party software exclusives from Nintendo properties. It spent a misguided amount of time showing off the latest iWork, which was essentially Google Docs. Multiple times, executives casually dropped the concept of machine learning to signal that they know about AI and that they can compete. As was echoed in last month’s Fast Company interview, Maps seems poised to become a conduit for other splinter services. Last but not least, Apple touted the new Home app as “the first time that home automation has been integrated into a major platform.”
There are obvious rebuttals to this line of thinking — that Apple has just settled into a pace. As always, the improved camera and better battery are nice. The fingerprint sensor is now cool. And, of course, I always think I don’t need a thinner, lighter phone until I hold it in my hands. It is, after all, much easier to trumpet engineering achievements than incremental software feature bumps.
Yet, one could also point to the growing number of leaks leading up to each annual reveal as an implication that Apple just doesn’t give much of a crap about its hardware’s “wow” factor. The phone is no longer the thing. It’s the software that lives on the phone that matters. Smartphones and spec bumps are no longer novel experiences. They’re just a way of life now.
Ding dong! The witch is dead! And by “witch,” I mean the 16GB iPhone, with its tiny amount of storage capacity. Apple announced today that its new iPhone 7 will not be available in a 16GB model. Instead, the phones will start at 32GB, offering twice as much space.
It’s okay to admit if somewhere in your sordid past you were lured in by the lower price point of a 16GB iPhone. We’ve all been there and some of us have the added shame of having owned a 16GB iPhone that was also made of hot pink plastic. (RIP my 16GB iPhone 5c. You were … not great.) But let’s face it, 16GB is just not enough space in 2016. Sure, the 16 GB iPhone 3G might have made sense, but that was a different time. IOS wasn’t as hefty, selfies weren’t a thing, and you couldn’t even technically record video on an Apple device until the iPhone 3GS.
But now, the choice is no longer yours and your tech life will be all the better for it. The iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB models, and if you want to buy the jet-black color, your only options are the latter two sizes. (The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus start at $649 and $769, respectively.) Thank you, Apple, for taking this awful — yet cheap and tempting! — option away. (Though if you must, the iPhone SE still comes in a 16GB model.)
In case you missed today’s Apple Event, here is a comprehensive list of all the major changes coming to the iPhone 7. You know, the ones you’ll end up trying to explain to every single one of your relatives above the age of about 50 or so.
Today, Apple announced that it will offer the new iPhone 7 in two different shades of black: black and jet black. Jet black is a glossy finish that is theoretically supposed to look cool and fancy. In reality, glossy finishes are inferior to matte finishes (which are sported by the regular black iPhone as well as all of the other colors on offer) in every way. Glossy finishes attract fingerprints and smears that never really go away. They are a reminder that your hands are dirty and gross and that your phone is covered in particles of dubious origin. Have you ever seen a phone so covered in grime that you can draw “wash me” on it like an old car? That’s glossy finish.
Glossy finishes put our mistakes on full display. Every knick on a glossy finish is a mark of clumsiness, every smear a mark of poor hygiene and oily skin. Matte finishes, on the other hand, let us live in a fantasy, one in which we are as flawless and unblemished as our phones.
Glossy finishes also scratch super easily (the screen is made of scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass, but the same can’t be said for the rest of the phone). If you want to protect it, you have to put it in a case … which covers the glossy finish. (Apple has explicitly stated that jet black will scratch easily and recommends using a case.) It makes no sense. With a matte finish, I can slide my phone across the table to a friend without worrying that it’ll come back bumpy and ragged. It doesn’t attract a gross coating of scratches and hand scum that gloss does.
With that, extra storage is worth the price these days, especially given that running and updating iOS on your phone can take up to a third of your gigs right off the bat. And that’s before you start downloading apps, taking pictures and videos, and sending texts. Want to add some higher-res images to the mix? Don’t bother. Your dinky phone is probably already out of space.
With Apple confirming that it’s ditching the 3.5 mm headphone port in favor of either Lightning port–connected headphones or wireless headphones, it’s time to assess what’s out there.
$349
Bluetooth wireless headphones have been on the market for a decade, but they’ve gotten remarkably better in the past few years. The one thing I’d strongly recommend against: buying wireless and unconnected earbuds. Think about how many times you’ve lost a set of earbuds in your life. Now imagine that the earbuds are two separate tiny things that you need to keep track of at all times and you’ve maybe paid $100 for. Don’t do it. Here a few wireless headphones at a different price points. (We’re setting aside Apple’s own AirPods and Beats options for now, until we’ve had a chance to try them out.)
$59.99
Bose QuietComfort 35
Symphonized Sensation Premium Wireless Genuine Wood Headphones
The best set of wireless headphones I’ve worn. Good over-the-ear feel, great sound across the spectrum, and the noise cancellation that Bose is known for. If you really wanna make sure you don’t hear the guy playing the bagpipes at Grand Central, these are the headphones for you. The battery life is 20 hours in wireless mode, so you can potentially go a few days without a charge. They also cost about as much as a decent TV, but you can spend far more on far shoddier cans than these.
JBL Reflect Mini BT
The wood may look a little twee, but these have a genuinely warm and great sound, don’t cost a ton, and pair up easily. Only nine hours of battery life isn’t great, but for the cost of decent dinner for two, you’re getting some quality wireless headphones.
$84
Kinivo BTH240
$24.99
Losing things is a fact of life. With wired headphones, I have a nice set of headphones I keep at home and a nice set I keep at work, but I also bulk order cheapo Panasonic RP-HJE120s. I can take them anywhere, and if I accidentally leave them behind or forget to grab them before throwing my pants in the wash, it’s not a huge loss. These Inteloos are the same thing for wireless headphones — at this price, you’re not going be devastated if they turn up missing. They get eight hours of battery time, and the reviews say the sound is fine, though not great. But what you’re getting here, especially if you buy three or four, is the peace of mind that if they fall out of your pocket, you haven’t just thrown away $80 bucks.
Yesterday, Apple announced the iPhone 7. (Though thanks to an Amazon leak and some poorly planned tweets from Apple that ran just a little too early, there was very little we didn’t already know about the new phone.) It’s water-resistant. It doesn’t have a headphone jack. It’s got a 12-megapixel camera. It comes in a glossy finish called jet-black that you probably shouldn’t buy since it’ll smudge and scratch if you so much at look at it. Welcome to to the world, iPhone 7.
As of September 7, 2016, 3.5 mm headphone jacks are officially passé … at least according to Apple. If you, like so many of us out there, find yourself in possession of an iPhone that still has a headphone jack, thus publicly marking you as a behind-the-times loser, never fear. A fun new product called the Apple Plug is here to save the day.
Warning: Select All is not responsible for any regrets or damages you may experience as a result of shoving something into your headphone jack. Actually, maybe just don’t shove anything into your headphone jack that isn’t, you know, headphones.
Exclusive streaming music is a relatively new phenomenon, but the concept of an entertainment product that’s exclusive to one platform is not. The video-game industry has operated this way for decades. It was a coup, for instance, when Final Fantasy jumped from Nintendo’s console to PlayStation in 1997. Metal Gear Solid V was the first game in the hugely popular series to be released on multiple platforms simultaneously.
But as consoles have gained feature parity, exclusives have increasingly come down a straightforward battle for market power. For years, Microsoft shelled out a ton of money to make sure that downloadable add-ons for games like Call of Duty, Fallout 3, and Grand Theft Auto IV hit their platform first. They once paid $50 million to GTA’s publisher to keep downloadable add-ons exclusive to the Xbox. The pitch to gamers was obvious: If you wanted the latest maps and levels, you’d do better to buy the game on one platform over another. Last year, Sony actually wrested control of Call of Duty exclusives away from their rival.
The point of exclusives is to lock users into certain platforms — and, to the extent that Apple Music works most seamlessly on an iPhone, into certain devices. Only on PlayStation, only on Tidal, and so on. Lemonade is a Tidal exclusive because Tidal wants more subscribers. 1989 is an Apple exclusive for a similar reason. For the creators, it also provides a guaranteed form of compensation. But the reason why the current trend toward making everything exclusive sticks in consumers’ craw is that it doesn’t have to be this way — and video games aside, historically hasn’t. DVDs work in any DVD player, turntables can belt out audio from any vinyl. That may no longer be the case.
As for Beatrix, she doesn’t seem to be any worse for the sugar-high wear.
Earlier today, Facebook caught a very large and entirely reasonable amount of flak over the fact that it had removed a post featuring the famous “napalm girl” from the page of a Norwegian newspaper. As the paper’s editor-in-chief explained in an open letter to Mark Zuckerberg, the service’s inability to distinguish between child porn and newsworthy photography is an embarrassing, arguably dangerous screwup for what is regarded as the most important information network in the world.
And then we get to this: “Because of its status as an iconic image of historical importance, the value of permitting sharing outweighs the value of protecting the community by removal.” Facebook reinstated the image because of historical importance — its action today is a one-time exception to its otherwise labyrinthine content guidelines. It has whitelisted this one photo and no others.
Okay, I am going to attempt to break down this mealymouthed statement. Here is the first problem: Facebook talks about its user base of more than one billion people as “our community.” Facebook is not a single community. It is millions of separate ones that overlap. At Facebook’s gargantuan scale, everybody that uses the service cannot be lumped into a whole.
The idea of judging images based on their pre-Facebook historical impact is a terrible rubric, and one that really no longer applies. In fact, it is now because of Facebook that most of the viral images we see today garner attention. Facebook seems to have no qualms about distributing images of Alan Kurdi, the 3-year-old refugee whose body washed up on the shore in Turkey, or Omran Daqneesh, the devastated Syrian child covered in dust and blood. (Maybe the difference is that they were clothed.)
“We will also adjust our review mechanisms to permit sharing of the image going forward,” Facebook wrote, adding, “We are always looking to improve our policies to make sure they both promote free expression and keep our community safe.” Review mechanisms? Policies? These sure as hell sound like editorial guidelines from Facebook, the publisher that refuses to admit it is one and which believes that, with algorithms and artificial intelligence, it can supersede journalistic outlets.
Earlier today, Facebook’s Trending Topics module promoted a story asserting that 9/11 was an inside job.
Beatboxing isn’t easy. Luckily, composer Koka Nikoladze created this weird-looking musical contraption complete with some springs, levers, a plastic tube, and a mic. It’s pretty much the gift that keeps on giving, if you’re into that sort of thing.
If you take more than five photos or videos with your phone in a 24-hour period, the next time you log into Facebook from your phone, the app will automatically splice those into a slideshow. To help you remember what was obviously an excellent day (after all, why else would you take all those pics?), slideshows are customizable and you can pick background music and decorative themes from a range of chipper options like “Amped,” “Epic,” and “Thankful.”
For Josh Gibson, that last theme is probably the most fitting. Last week after Gibson was in a “near-fatal” car accident in Orem, Utah, he took several photographs of his severely damaged Toyota 4Runner and the other car involved in the crash. Which, of course, the next time he turned on Facebook, Gibson claims he found seamlessly edited together into a short video complete with tiny, animated sparkle effects and uplifting guitar music. Gibson posted the video, which Facebook auto-titled “Friday in Orem,” on Reddit, where it found its way to the top spot on /r/videos this morning.
Maybe it’s the tiny, animated sparkle effects, but something about this video makes me think Facebook didn’t consider that people often take photos of bad memories when rolling out this feature. (It’s definitely the tiny, animated sparkle effects.) But hey, it’s certainly a day Gibson isn’t likely to forget. And in case he does (or he’s just feeling nostalgic for what was probably, um, not a particularly great day), he’s got a slideshow to help jog his memory.
Have you heard the classic beat to Crime Mob’s “Knuck If You Buck” recently? Watched high-schoolers dancing in unison to the delight of their peers, filming on their cell phones? Seen video on your social-media feeds of teenagers in volleyball uniforms moving to something approximating a beat, possibly accompanied by the “cry-laughing” emoji? If so, you may have been exposed to “TZ Anthem.”
Back in February, power users of Twitter were distraught to hear that Twitter would be introducing algorithmic sorting into its feed. Up until then, Twitter had presented posts in strict chronological order. Now it would offer the ability to view tweets in a manner similar to Facebook, sorted by relevance, not recency.
The upside was that it made it easy to follow threads and chatter on one’s timeline. The downside was that it made it more difficult to find Tweets that were actually interesting — a significant hindrance for new users and people who don’t check their feed multiple times daily.
Power users (a group that’s mostly just members of the media and maybe some political wonks) were distraught. “My precious timeline!” they cried. They worried that they would miss some delightfully sardonic quips and hashtags.
The runner-up board game was Right of Way by Jonas Stallmeister, a Carcassonne-ish game in which players place hex tiles representing highways as they tear through rich and poor neighborhoods (and Jane Jacobs’s heart).
Harassment on social media is now a perennial subject of discussion and complaint, mostly concerning abuse on Twitter (the service is supposedly working on a similar filtering feature). Instagram is, smartly, attempting to deal with harassment before it becomes a service-defining problem, as it has with Twitter. (It’s also in Instagram’s interest to ensure its celebrity users — like Taylor Swift — have the best possible experience.)
Photo-app Instagram announced this morning that its comment-filtering feature — rolled out to select (i.e., famous) users earlier this summer — will soon be available to everyone. Clicking the gear icon in the app will take you to a comments tool, where users will be able to specify words and phrases that they don’t want to see in their comments section (like, say, the snake emoji, or “I made $275k working from home”) . In addition, the tool also has a toggle switch for hiding comments “that contain words or phrases often reported as inappropriate.”
It’s hard to think of a worse way for a publicist to respond, beginning with the fact that typing the words “off the record” at the top of an email doesn’t automatically make it so, as the Mic article explains. Responding to charges of homogeneity by reeling off a list of people by whatever identity category you can name doesn’t seem like a great way to indicate that you understand and are sympathetic to the criticism. Not to mention that of the five “diverse” people Apple listed, only one of them is actually an Apple employee: Tim Cook, Apple’s openly gay CEO. The other four work for outside companies. (ThisGameStudio’s Heather Price is Canadian.) The Apple representative also highlighted that Apple has “progressed farther than any tech company in its hiring of African-Americans and Latinos over the past three years.” Which is true, but, as also noted by Mic with a staff that clocks in at over 50 percent white and over 65 percent male, the company isn’t exactly a bastion of diversity just yet.
So, will any of this get people to read The Power Broker for the first time, or give it a second shot? I picked it back up, and Caro’s prose can still be dense as concrete, with entire sections given over to minuscule moves and countermoves during a session of legislative wrangling. But I found myself flipping forward to the section about Moses and FDR and reading it with renewed interest. If nothing else, Hwang’s game competition has made me want to try to finish the book. Ask me in about eight months whether I actually did.
This points Twitter in a different direction than, say, Facebook, which is said to be fretting about the declining rates at which users are posting original content. Guiding a user’s Twitter experience is clearly more of a focus than getting people to actively continue posting. Its Moments section aggregates threads and trends into bite-size chunks (anecdotally, the most active users don’t seem to like the simplistic Moments, but it’s not for them). Giving users a way to see sports chatter on Twitter without having to actively seek it out and compile their own feeds could be a huge opportunity to spur viewership, if not actual activity. It’s an odd middle ground — the assumption is usually that if you’re logged into a social network, you’re posting or liking or clicking around on your own accord — but the next era on Twitter is more focused on lurking. It might become a type of low-anxiety social network. Twitter: You don’t have to do anything except hang out.
Last week, Apple announced that the company had made the “courageous” decision to remove the three-and-a-half-millimeter headphone jack from the iPhone 7. Tears were shed. War broke out. And people immediately began devising AirPod accessories to prolong those inevitable Damn, can’t believe I lost my AirPods moments. This is all fine, and somehow I think we’ll manage to adapt in this brave, new headphone-jack-less world. But if you are about to be the proud owner of an iPhone 7, the one thing that definitely won’t help is if you try to DIY your own headphone jack with a power drill.
A fun hoax meme is making the rounds online this week informing people that the iPhone 7 actually does contain a headphone jack, but it’s buried beneath the phone’s exterior casing. The meme offers instructions on how to access the secret jack by drilling a small hole 14-millimeter to the left of the Lightning port.
There is not much to say here other than: Don’t do this. Don’t do this. Don’t do this. No matter how much you drill, you’re not going to find a headphone jack. Instead, you’ll likely end up ruining your brand-new phone. (Though, if you bought jet black, you probably deserved it).
Adblock Plus, a software system that does exactly what its name implies, announced today that it will begin selling ads. The new service will sell “acceptable ads” to marketers while still blocking ads previously deemed obtrusive, The Wall Street Journal reports. Eyeo GmbH, Adblock Plus’s parent company partnered with an ad tech firm to create their new ad exchange (a online hub where people and companies can buy and sell ads) and has been beta testing it for the past month.
From The Wall Street Journal:
Adblock first introduced its Acceptable Ads platform five years ago, but the new ad exchange will simplify the process of getting promos in front of a person using ad-blocking software. (Previously, publishers could pay to be whitelisted, meaning individual companies like Microsoft would pay undisclosed sums to make sure their ads would be served around the blocking software.) Instead, under today’s changes any publisher whose ad meets the acceptable ad criteria will be immediately green-lit. (Whitelisting, the Journal also notes, was a much slower process.)
The embargo on iPhone 7 reviews dropped this morning, and we woke up to a deluge of early reviews. Some of the major themes:
It’s Apple best iPhone yet.
Nelly is in trouble. The rapper known for hits like “Hot in Herre” and “Country Grammar” reportedly owes more than $2.4 million in taxes. Spin did the math on what it would take to earn that much from Spotify:
Luckily, word soon spread that if we all pooled our collective ability to stream music, we might be able to help Nelly out of this bind more quickly. #SaveNelly gained momentum.
Let’s do some more math. “Hot in Herre” is 3 minutes and 48 seconds long (or 3.8 minutes). So 287,176,547 streams of that track would take 1,091,270,878 minutes and 36 seconds. That’s about 2,076 years, arguably too much time for one person to save Nelly themselves.
Nelly has yet to speak out on the intense effort his loyal fans are exerting.
Some fans also used the hashtag #HotInHerreStreamingParty.
Of course, this is fine for advertisers looking for ways to monetize a market of users that was previously, well, blocked, but it also raises a few questions for people seeking a truly ad-free experience. (Which then raises questions about the ethics of ad-blocking software, the publishers who have fought against it, and so on, in a seemingly unending ad-block debate. Just ask Facebook.)
Brian X. Chen, the New York Times: “The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything — switching between apps, opening the camera — feels snappier. The iPhone 7 battery also gets about two hours more juice than the 6S.”
David Pierce, Wired: “They’re they best, fastest, strongest iPhones yet. They also indicate, nine years into the iPhone experiment, that we’re nearing some platonic ideal of a smartphone, the device in its final minimalist form.”
Andrew Cunningham, Ars Technica: “Broadly speaking, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus still give you more: more speed, better camera, better screens, faster LTE, more battery life, more water-resistant. Year-over-year, it’s a respectable update. And compared to an aging iPhone 6 or 5S it’s a big jump forward.”
Edward C. Baig, USA Today: “The $769 iPhone 7 Plus is a solid, albeit incremental, upgrade to the company’s seminal smartphone. I’d buy it and can recommend it to those of you in the market for an upgrade.”
Today is the day: iOS 10 officially rolls out for all Apple owners. (Which is great, because I’m getting sick of the slightly buggy beta version I’ve been running since July.) As part of the new system, iMessage is getting a major overhaul, including emojification, invisible ink, stickers, and (maybe most important) built-in apps. Now, you’ll be able to send Kimoji or book a dinner reservation on Open Table right from iMessage. (To read more about the new features, click here.)
You’re probably going to miss the headphone jack — at least at first.
David Pierce, Wired: “There’s really nothing to say about the absence of the headphone jack except that it’s not there, which really is annoying sometimes. Like when I’m on the train, and can’t charge from an external battery and listen to music at the same time.”
The phone is apparently getting zitty and awkwardly hairy?
Brian X. Chen, the New York Times: “Apple’s iPhone, just short of 10 years old, has hit puberty. Like adolescents coping with awkward changes to their bodies, the iPhone 7, due for release on Friday, introduces some uncomfortable transitions.”
That jet-black model sure does scratch easy.
Jon Gruber, Daring Fireball: “After just five days — more than half of which I’ve spent using the matte black iPhone 7 Plus — this jet black iPhone 7 has a few ‘micro abrasions’, to use Apple’s own term. I can only see them when I’m looking for them, and only when I reflect light off the surface at the perfect angle, but they’re there. This is after two days of careful use, and never putting it in a pocket that contains anything else. The back surface of this phone shows more wear after (effectively) two days of use than my space gray 6S does after nearly a year.”
Brian X. Chen, the New York Times: “After a while, I didn’t miss the headphone jack as much as I thought.”
Nilay Patel, the Verge: “You’re not totally out of luck if you have a big investment in corded headphones, but you’re going to want to stock up on those adapters if you regularly plug your phone into a car or have a variety of headphones you like to use — the dongle is small enough that it’s not obtrusive, but also small enough so that it’s destined to get lost if you move it around a lot. At $9, the headphone dongle is the cheapest Apple hardware you can buy; the company thinks people will just buy a few and keep them permanently attached to older headphones.”
David Pierce, Wired: “The two new colorways, jet black and black, are also a dead giveaway. Or, as I call them, I Already Scratched It Glossy Black and Awesome Secret Agent Matte Black.”
David Pogue, Yahoo Tech: “And get this: Apple warns that ‘its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use,’ so it suggests that ‘you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone.” OK what? Why would you choose a phone for its finish and then immediately bury it in a case? What am I missing?”
To download and access iMessage apps, just tap the App icon, which (once you update to iOS 10) is located just to the left of the box where you compose your messages.
The new home button — which isn’t actually a button, just a surface you press — might be a bigger deal than the missing headphone jack.
David Pierce, Wired: “But I cannot, for the life of me, get used to the iPhone 7’s new home button. It’s not a button anymore, just a capacitive surface that uses haptic buzzes and taps to provide feedback. That’s great for the longevity of your phone, since the home button tends to break before anything else … But when I press to unlock my phone, my thumb vibrates like it’s about to dent the glass. It’s not like it ruins the phone, but I miss the click.”
If you purchase this $2,300 tape-shaped coffee table, you’ll be doing your part to ensure that future generations never forget what people played music from in those dark years between the record and the CD. Hey, dredging up the past ain’t cheap.
The bottom line.
The new apps seem convenient and and the stickers are fun enough. (Though I can picture, just off the top of my head, at least five scenarios where having Tinder integrated into a group message thread might not end well. A Tinder app is coming soon to the iMessage app store.) But they also feel familiar. Back when Apple first announced apps were coming to iMessage (with an only slightly ridiculous demo where Craig Federighi mock-ordered 5,000 samosas via DoorDash) it was hard not to notice the similarities between the new iMessage apps and Facebook’s ever-growing list of Messenger bots. Not to mention, stickers have been a staple of Messenger for several years now. Much like Instagram taking recent product inspiration from Snapchat, Apple’s new features seem like a smart way for iMessage to keep up with its competition. Mostly by giving users fewer and fewer reasons to ever need to leave the app.
Brian X. Chen, the New York Times: “[T]he older physical home button feels better to press than the new virtual one.”
Edward C. Baig, USA Today: “Removing the standard headphone jack has gotten the most attention, but changing the Home button may take even more getting used to.”
Chris Velazco, Engadget: “[T]he all-too-familiar home button isn’t a physical button anymore. It’s a solid-state affair that makes the phone taptically throb when you push it. This wound up being way more divisive a tweak than I expected; when I showed it off to colleagues, just about all of them recoiled at first press.
While the reviews range from hesitantly positive and estastically proclaiming the iPhone 7 is a glimpse of the bright future ahead for all of us, the base temperature seems to be one of “It’s a new iPhone, you’ll probably miss the headphone jack, but the battery and improved camera make up for it.” (There’s also the fact that a lot of the more vaunted features, like the bokeh effect for the iPhone 7 Plus camera, won’t hit until a software upgrade at some point in October.)
The sense I get, after reading through the morning’s reviews, is if you’re limping along on an old iPhone 5, make the upgrade. If you’re on an iPhone 6s and don’t care about the latest and greatest, maybe wait until 2017 and see what Apple has in store next.
The newest iteration of Apple’s iPhone operating system, iOS 10, rolls out today, with a host of new features — and, most important, over 30 new emoji. And in addition to totally new emoji, like “woman weight lifting” or “man getting haircut,” the update also includes tweaks to many of the emoji you’ve come to know and love (and many more you’ve come to know and gripe about on the internet). Santa’s got a brand new beard! The bathtub emoji now comes filled with bubbles! Women can have careers! Men can get face massages! Let’s take a look.
Within the store, you’ll be able to download apps, including options from Fandango (order movie tickets); Dunkin’ Donuts (place and pay for orders); Words With Friends (play with friends without leaving iMessage); and Lark (consult a personal health coach).
Sticker packs range from characters from Frozen and Powerpuff Girls, brands like Starbucks and Iris Apfel, and even a set of accessibility-friendly stickers in American Sign Language. (Many of the packs are free, but some, like Disney’s Star Wars stickers, will cost $2. You’ll have to decide if BB-8 is worth it.)
On Monday, a judge in Belfast ruled a 14-year-old girl’s case against Facebook would be allowed to go forward. The girl, whose naked photo was reportedly posted on a shame page “several times” between November 2014 and January 2016, is suing the tech giant for misuse of private information, negligence, and breach of the U.K.’s Data Protection Act, The Guardian reports. She’s also filing charges against the man who posted her photo in the first place.
According to the 14-year-old’s lawyers, this is the first case of its kind in the U.K., which means there’s likely little legal precedent for it. The trial is set to proceed in Belfast at a later date.
The teenager’s lawyer equated Facebook allowing the image to be posted with child abuse and argued that the company had the power to prevent it from being republished thanks to a tracking system, which it neglected to use.
Revenge porn — or the posting of sexually explicit images without the subject’s consent — is a notoriously tricky issue to legislate, but more and more U.S. states are introducing specific statutes criminalizing it. As of last year, 18 states in the U.S. had criminal revenge-porn laws, and bills were pending in 20 more. Of course, in some cases revenge-porn lawsuits are won thanks to statutes already on the books; Lawyers have historically used copyright law to get sexually explicit images taken down, and others have relied on stalking and harassment laws.
Facebook’s community guidelines include a ban on revenge porn, defining it as “[i]mages shared in revenge or without permissions from the people in the images.” It’s one of several major tech companies that have cracked down on the practice in recent years. The company’s lawyers argued Facebook took down the photo each time it was flagged, and they’re reportedly relying on a protection in European law that prevents Facebook from having to scrutinize every post that appears on a page.
The best place to read about emoji changes is Emojipedia, which has an exhaustive list of changes here. Perhaps most notable: The iconic Women With Bunny Ears emoji gets its fourth overhaul in five years in iOS 10. This time, iOS users will note she appears taller, leggier, and with a svelter pair of ears.
Overall, the iOS 10 emoji are rounder, more detailed (the bride now has wavy hair and the man with a turban now has a beard), more shaded, and generally, in the words of Emojipedia, “less Simpsons and more Pixar.” Here’s a GIF from Emojipedia showing some of the changes:
Family-unit emoji are no longer limited to dual-parent households. New emoji include single mothers and fathers with one or two children. There is also a new rainbow-flag pride emoji. And finally, the most important change of all: The poop emoji has been altered to appear more dimensional. Which is a good and necessary change, because you wouldn’t want a tiny picture of an animated pile of feces with eyes to look flat.
With iOS 10, there are 17 new female emoji in total, including a police officer, a construction worker, a woman wearing a turban, and women playing ten different sports. And, Emojipedia also notes, there is now a female rendering of every male emoji save for two. (There are only nine new male emoji for iOS 10.) As previously announced, the pistol emoji will now render as a bright green squirt gun, for iOS users. (Meanwhile Microsoft doubled down and made their gun pictograph more realistic.)
iOS 10 is available today, but if you’re planning to update your phone — be careful. Some users are reporting that attempts to update via their phone alone (and not through a computer with iTunes) have rendered their phones temporarily useless (or “bricked” them).
This morning, Hillary Clinton’s official campaign website published an explainer about a cartoon frog. His name is Pepe. You know Pepe. He’s that forest green, anthropomorphic frog with the maroon lips; the one from all the memes. Sometimes, he looks blissed out and stoner-eyed while uttering the phrase “feels good man” [sic]. Other times, he looks existentially downtrodden. Occasionally, he’s stroking his chin while contemplating mischief or he’s screaming at the top of his lungs. He’s near-infinitely mutable, and versions of his visage have been posted online by untold numbers of people, among them Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry, and — most important, at least for the Clinton campaign — Donald Trump and his son.
This attitude fits with Furie’s general discomfort while discussing his wayward amphibian. The creation’s fame has utterly dwarfed that of its creator, a working artist who didn’t ask for any of this and has received little from it — after all, it’s not like he makes royalties off of crappy MS Paint jobs. Furie isn’t ashamed of his brainchild, but he seems profoundly ambivalent about its ubiquity. “Pepe is everything and nothing,” Furie says. “He is stupid and amazing at the same time — kinda like life. Pepe is life.”
And, fatefully, there’s a strip where Landwolf asks Pepe about the latter’s habit of fully dropping trou while peeing. It ends with a chill Pepe declaring, “feels good man.” According to the researchers at Know Your Meme, an adaptation of that last panel first showed up on chaotic image-sharing message board 4chan.org/b/ in early 2008. It went viral there, and, for some reason, on a bodybuilding forum, getting an array of modifications from user after user. Another Boy’s Club panel, one where Pepe frowns, was also copied and pasted into the fray.
Neither the elder or the younger Trump actually crafted the Pepe images they posted — credit for that goes to the hateful meme factories of the so-called alt-right. Indeed, Pepe has become something of a mascot for them. But Pepe predates their rise to national prominence, and his creator, cartoonist Matt Furie, could not be less connected to their movement. He’s been drawing Pepe on and off as part of a surreal comic strip called Boy’s Club since 2005, and he doesn’t seem to care at all about the ways the character has been used to create havoc online. “Politics are for dorks,” he tells me in an email.
In one, Landwolf smokes a cigarette for five panels, and then farts. In another, Andy and Pepe discuss Pepe’s new “NOBODY KNOWS I’M A LESBIAN” T-shirt. There are multiple strips that solely consist of Brett dancing on a mattress while popular songs play in his headphones. The boys chat about their feces, play video games, and occasionally smoke so much weed that they gleefully imagine their faces mutating. The longest story is about Landwolf taking an epic shit, the gang putting it in the freezer, and Pepe almost accidentally eating it (“based on a real event,” Furie says).
Trump’s retweeting of a Pepe meme seemed like a nonevent to him. “I’m sure it was just a young Republican dude posting it to appeal to smug Trumpies,” he says. “It was just as amusing as anything else stupid on the internet.” When I ask him if any use of Pepe has shocked or disgusted him, he replies, “Not really — there is all kinds of idiotic stuff on the internet. I usually just check my email or go on Facebook or something.”
Pepe first appeared as one of the four protagonists of Boy’s Club when Furie began publishing it on his MySpace page in 2005. The strip has continued in fits and starts since then, and was just compiled in a book this summer. The collection follows four slobby, slap-happy roommates cruising through a drug-hazed postadolescence: energetic Brett, charming Andy, hedonistic Landwolf, and unassuming Pepe. The strips eschew narrative in favor of goofy and disorienting tableaux.
For a few years, Furie was wholly unaware of what people were doing with his character. Only around 2010 did he find out that Pepe was “making some big waves of the web waves,” as he puts it. His memories of finding out about the memes are hazy, but he recalls being excited by some of the stuff he saw: “Someone even made a ‘feels good man’ song/YouTube music video that even my dad was impressed with!” he says. “Hi Dad!!”
Furie says people email him Pepes “[p]retty much everyday.” “Someone just sent one that was based on a quote I said at a comic convention panel,” he adds. “Something about a new frog in town and it had ‘Dat Boi’” (referring, of course, to the year’s best meme so far). That said, he doesn’t seek Pepes out. “I don’t sit there and trip out on Pepe all day like you seem to think,” he says. “I’m just a normal guy trying to connect with people and have a good time.” He doesn’t seem that interested in discussing the other characters and comics, either. “They are what they are: just weird comics about a bunch of weird fraggles hanging out in mysterious nothingness,” he says. I ask him if he sees any sadness in the quartet’s gross lives and his reply is blunt: “No, they are just dumb cartoons.”
Whatever Furie’s feelings about what he’s created, the book has been a chance for him to finally make some real money off of Pepe. He published a few short, comic-book-length Boy’s Club compilations in the late ‘00s and did some new strips for The Believer around the turn of the decade, but he mostly stopped drawing Pepe and the gang around 2012. Press materials for the new compilation — published by Fantagraphics — prominently emphasized Furie’s association with Pepe. It’s a marketing choice he’s made his peace with. “I just let them do their thing and I did mine,” he says. “It’s all good.”
One thing he clearly expresses is how little he’s been moved by Pepe’s most notable moments of fame. I ask how it felt when Perry and Minaj posted Pepe memes and all he says is, “I don’t care.” I bring up last year’s bizarre “Rare Pepe” craze, in which 4chan users semi-seriously attempted to counteract mainstream appropriation of Pepe by flooding the board with unique versions of him; he muses, “I just sit back, relax and let the Pepes fall where they land, my friend!”
But ultimately, it doesn’t seem like Furie loses much sleep over questions about Pepe’s significance or what the frog means for him as an artist. Or, at least, that’s the image he wants to project. “I love to Google my own name,” he says. “I’m much more concerned about ‘Matt Furie.’ I’ll never be as popular as the frog, but I’m alive: something he can never be.”
He started to get some belated attention. In 2010, he did an interview with Know Your Meme’s A.J. Mazur about the Pepe phenomenon. He said he felt “a little weird” about the fact that the image had been altered from its original form, but that he was glad people occasionally noticed that he was the original artist. In subsequent interviews, he vacillated between earnest reflection (“It’s this almost post-capitalist kind of success,” he told Sean T. Collins in a Vice chat) and deep sarcasm (“As your God, my hope is to enhance your Pepe birthing experience by empowering you through it,” he told the Daily Dot’s Imad Khan).
These days, it’s still hard to tell how he feels about what’s happened to his most famous character. “I’ve realized that Pepe is beyond my control,” he says. “He’s like a kid, he grew up and now I have to set him free to live his life. It’s all good.” When I ask how closely he’s tracked Pepe’s evolution, he briefly says his brother showed him some Google analytics for mentions of the character. “I’m writing to you right now nude from a bathtub in San Luis Obispo!” he writes. “I’ve made it!!!!!!! YEAHHHHHHHH!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!”
Fortunately, it seems if you update your device through iTunes on your laptop or desktop computer, you can save yourself the emotional stress and hassle of having a bricked phone. It’s not ideal, but hey, whatever works.
Sow how can you get all the cool new iOS features without losing an hour of your time to dialogue boxes and pop-up warnings? Let’s see.
If you’re working with a temporarily bricked phone, plug it in and fire up your (now-updated) iTunes. From there, you should get a message asking if you want to “update” or “restore.” Apple says to click “update” and sail off into the sunset of iOS 10.
Here are the company’s exact instructions:
See you on the other side. The emoji are plentiful over here.
If you haven’t updated yet, install iOS 10 through iTunes rather than through your phone.
From there, connect your iPhone and update to iOS 10 by clicking the phone icon in iTunes and following the onscreen instructions. After that, you should be on your way to using iOS 10 and sending your friends all kinds of annoying animated text messages.
And what if you’ve already tried to update on your phone, and ended up with an unusable device?
If your phone is “bricked” (not working), plug it in to your computer and use iTunes to update.
Back in March, Bumble — the dating app where women are required to send the first message — launched a secondary feature in which users can swipe to make platonic matches with potential friends. It’s called Bumble BFF, and the app’s founder, Whitney Wolfe, described the feature to Vogue as one “for girls in cities to find friends.” (The feature is available for both men and women, but based on Wolfe’s description and the BFF Instagram account’s penchant for all things pink and traditionally feminine, it’s pretty clear Bumble BFF is being heavily geared toward women.) “Once selected, you’re shown all other people of the same gender who are also looking for BFFs,” Bumble explains of the feature on its blog.
If you’re currently using Bumble, you have a few swiping options to choose from in settings. Users can opt to be shown only men, only women, a combination of women and men, or they can opt for the BFF setting, which in theory shows only people of the same gender also looking for brunch buddies, drinking pals, or somebody who will see the revival of Cats with them. The app has binary options (dating or friend-finding), so you can’t use it simultaneously to swipe for hookups and friends.
While potential hookup notifications are marked in yellow on Bumble, BFF matches are highlighted in mint green. That, plus the cursive “bff” logo and the notification prompting you to hurry up and start a conversation “with your future BFF” notification make them pretty hard to miss. Over the past few months, I’ve gotten several of these. And I’m not the only one. A 27-year-old queer woman from San Francisco told me that she’s recently given up on using Bumble, but when she was on the app she received BFF matches despite her profile settings. “I would unmatch if that happened and was never sure why it did,” she said.
In August, the Bumble app got an overhaul including new paid features. I wondered if the app update would fix the issue with BFF. It appears it didn’t. A few weeks back, a former colleague sent me several screenshots of a BFF match notification she had just received. (Her profile is set to “Only Women,” and she says she has never used the BFF feature and that her app is up-to-date.) She also said she often sees profiles of women whose bios describe looking for “friends” or “BFFs.” (Worth noting: It’s possible some of these women think they are using the feature, but did not change their profile settings to BFF.)
It’s unclear whether this is a glitch or a larger technical oversight — or, maybe, both. When asked about the glitch, a Bumble representative told Select All that the company has “never received this complaint directly” and it is “currently looking into the issue.” While Bumble welcomes users of all sexual orientations, the crux of the app’s design (women messaging men first) is engineered around heterosexual power dynamics. It wouldn’t be terribly shocking to find that the nuances of the types of potential relationships between women were just overlooked. Especially given that much of the dating-app scene doesn’t fully acknowledge them anyway.
From the Dirty’s account of this unparalleled subterfuge:
“Wait… That’s my phone.”When confronted, according to texts supplied to the Dirty by Cerny, Pons initially denied the scheme, but later confessed under enhanced interrogation.
Yesterday, Cerny answered at least the first two of those questions. For months, she told the gossip site the Dirty, Pons had been secretly accessing Cerny’s accounts, deleting popular posts from sites like Instagram, and allegedly setting Cerny’s accounts to private so she couldn’t acquire new followers.
In her characteristically low-key manner, Pons then said that she was canceling her imminent trip to Italy to try and repair their relationship.
(As an aside, the type of unauthorized access allegedly committed by Pons constitutes a violation of the antiquated Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the federal legislation under which most hacking crimes are punished.)
The story doesn’t end there, with a broken friendship and a canceled trip: On Tuesday, Cerny told an anecdote about the police coming to her house to take down her Instagram. Is such a thing true? Far be it from Select All to cast aspersions on the truth of Cerny’s story! Let us merely reflect in our minds on whether or not it sounds true that the police came to Amanda Cerny’s house to ask her to take down her Instagram.
In a 15-minute vlog uploaded Tuesday called “WHY I DUMPED HER!! | TRUTH REVEALED !!!,” Cerny recounted the story again, thanking the fans for their support. (She starts recounting it at four minutes in, after eating breakfast, making coffee, and riding an elevator, which you are welcome to watch, should you so desire???).
Cerny has spent the past couple of days retweeting fans on #TeamAmanda, while Pons has said little about the situation except for retweeting vague platitudes about bullying. There has been no word on whether her trip to Italy has been rescheduled.
What makes for a good subway smartphone game? Why did Candy Crush Saga rule every train line from the A to the Z in 2014? I think there’s a couple of key factors.
1. You need to be able to pick it up and put it down, quickly.
Glance up and realize this is where you need to transfer? Drop your phone into your pocket or bag without worry. Conversely, if you’re only riding for three stops, you should still be able to jump back in the game and do something interesting.
2. You gotta be able to play it one-handed.
When you’re pressed into the human Jell-O mold that is a train at crush-load capacity, it’s nice to be able to grab a handhold and still play while someone digs into your pancreas with their backpack.
3. It should be good, but not too good.
You want a game engrossing enough you can deal with a sick-passenger delay. But you don’t want a game that’ll suck you in so much that you look up and realize you’ve missed 17 stops are now at the New York Aquarium (which, hey, not the end of the world — pretty fish!).
The game play is simple enough to pick up within two minutes. Each turn you get presented a card, usually someone in your court asking for something, whether it’s a new tower for the army or permission from the church to burn witches. Swipe right to say yes, swipe left to say no.
The trick of the game, however, is that you can’t let any meter either get depleted or completely full, or you’ll die or get deposed. If you get too poor, the oligarchs will take over, but if you get too rich, you’ll throw a massive banquet where you’ll choke to death, but nobody will notice because they’re too hammered. Meanwhile, if you only focus on your money and allow the church to grow too weak, pagans will rip you apart (really should have let them burn those witches!).
But the game doesn’t end or reset when you die. You just start up as another ruler. Along the way you’ll unmask conspiracies, go off exploring (and usually dying in) dungeons, have affairs, meddle in magic, and start to discover why exactly the devil has cursed you. Every 666 years the Devil will show up, and you’ll have a chance to maybe get out from his clutches.
But mostly, it’s great for making your daily subway ride a little bit easier. Swipe left, swipe right, watch your kingdom rise and fall, execute a traitor or two, lose an arm to a wolf, or get killed by your bastard son, and soon enough you’re either dead again or at your destination. It’s $2.99 on iOS or Android, and only about half as violent as reading the New York Post.
Reigns, from developer Nerial, nails all three. The game can basically be thought of as Tinder for ruling a kingdom, with a twist thrown in that you’re also cursed by the Devil. (Which is also like Tinder, I think? I’m not 100 percent up-to-date on my dating apps.)
The charm of the game is that the day-to-day decisions are a fun balancing act — if the army is growing too strong and you fear a coup from your generals, you can send them off to fight someone else, but be careful that move doesn’t also deplete your treasury and find you dead at the hands of oligarchs — while still having a longer narrative arc that slowly unfolds. Over 1,400 years of ruling the kingdom, you’ll slowly start to piece together what to do and not to do (pro gamer strat: Don’t let your doctor take on the job of the executioner), and see the outlines of a story play itself out. You will die, over and over and over again, which is upsetting the first few times, and then becomes old hat.
Above you, you have four differing meters — one for the church, one for your people, one for the army, and one for your treasury — that can go up or down depending on how you choose. Say yes to a tower for the army, and your army grows more powerful while your treasury goes down. Say no to burning witches and the power of the church goes down while the happiness of the people goes up.
Yesterday, Apple released iOS 10, the newest version of its iPhone operating system, to the public. With it, you get a brand-new iMessage full of features like stickers, built-in apps, new emoji, animated texts, and a fun little orange highlighter that lets you know which words you can replace with emoji (and then does it for you). But how do you use all those features? And specifically, how do you use them to annoy your friends?
Here are a few tips and tricks to help guide you through using the new iMessage and also expedite the process of ensuring none of your friends speak to you again. (Thank you to my very patient roommates whom I texted 700 times today and I assume haven’t changed the locks on our apartment yet.)
Start by typing a message as you normally would, but before you press send, tap and hold the blue arrow in the composition box. From there, you’ll see a “Send with effect” notification pop up. You can choose to animate your text with bubble features like “Slam” which plops your message onto your recipient’s phone screen with an animated thud. Or animate your whole screen with options like “Balloons” (self-explanatory) or my personal favorite, “Lasers,” which turns your friend’s phone into the hottest club in town.
Close followers of Amanda Cerny, 25, and Lele Pons, 20, may have noticed this week that the two Vine stars had stopped following each other on social media — the foremost expression of contempt possible in this particular corner of the internet. It was a deeply concerning mystery: How could two stars of the six-second-comedy-video world turn their backs on each other? they asked themselves. Why would a friendship like that fall apart? Does this mean that Amanda will follow me back?
The new digital-touch doodling feature in iMessage is an enjoyable enough gimmick for drawing up a quick heart or smiley face. But when it comes to texting, it’s slow and inefficient. Instead of typing your missives, hand draw all of your messages from now on. It’ll take longer and, if your handwriting is bad or you have chubby fingers, your friends probably wont even be able to read what you wrote.
Also included in the new digital-touch feature, if you tap and hold the doodle screen with two fingers you can send your lovers and friends a digitization (sure) of your heartbeat. Be sure to do this regularly or people will be worried that you’ve died. Bonus feature: Press and hold with two fingers and then drag down. Your heartbeat will break in half. Perfect for that breakup text where you don’t know quite what to say.
Prior to iOS 10 you might have thought the point of text messaging was to send messages your friends could actually read. This is all changed now. Download a sticker pack (or 12) from the iMessage app store and decorate your message threads with them. You can drag and drop the stickers right over existing messages, making them impossible to read. (Unless you or your friend goes through the process of deleting them.)
iMessage now has its own app store where you can download from a growing list of paid and free app options including Tinder, Fandango, Open Table, and Square Cash. Fun tip: Send everyone you’ve ever gotten digits from an invitation to play Words With Friends. It’s fun and you can all pretend like it’s 2009 again.
Step 1: Make sure you own Rick Astley’s classic “Never Gonna Give You Up.” (But why would you not already own Rick Astley’s classic “Never Gonna Give You Up”?) Step 2: Send the song to all your friends via Apple Music in iTunes. Step 3: Repeat until you have absolutely no friends left who will respond to your text messages.
Type up a sentence in iMessage. Then tap the button for the emoji keyboard. Every word that can be replaced with a pictograph will be highlighted in orange. Tap those words to sub them out for emoji. As a totally normal example, “The cats are eating tacos and running around the house. Please send wine and a hammer. XOXO.” becomes “The 🐱 are eating 🌮 and 🏃‍ around the 🏡. Please send 🍷 and a 🔨. 😘..”
LaCroix, a classy sparkling-water brand with humble Midwest origins, has earned over the last few years the status of “A Thing.” There was a Letter of Recommendation for it in The New York Times Magazine. It’s been hailed a “world power.” I heard Hillary Clinton’s dehydration this week was cured after she threw back a couple of cans of pamplemousse. (I made that last one up, but you get the idea.)
Now the LaCroix-obsessed can take their love affair to the next level with the My LaCroix generator. The website (a creation of Nelson Cash, a creative studio based out of Chicago) presents you with a spinning can of LaCroix. From there you can select six colors to personalize your can and add your flavor name of choice. When you’re done, click “Flavorize” to create your can and opt to tweet, GIF, or download your creation.
If you need a little inspiration, My LaCroix (which is in no way affiliated with the real LaCroix brand) has a gallery of top flavor creations, including “Shitpost,” “Blood of Christ,” “KONY 2012,” and “Harambe the Gorilla.” None of which sound particularly tasty, but anything would be better than coconut, the absolute worst of the real LaCroix flavors. (Don’t @ me.)
Human beings have eyes at the front of their heads. Whether this is “normal” or not, we’ve come to accept that this is where human eyeballs should be. At the front. However, as you are probably aware if you’ve ever, you know, seen a rabbit or a shark or any number of animals that aren’t, well, humans, many other animals do not have eyes at the front. And they look absolutely ridiculous if you put them there.
Mosseri is trying to spin the recent changes to Trending Topics (less detail, more fakery) as improvements that work on a global scale.
With eyes.
Just in case you thought cyberwarfare was a worst-case scenario, a figment of your imagination that only science fiction could dream up, cybersecurity expert Bruce Schneier is here with an extremely sensational wakeup call.
If you want to salvage your text messages, you’ve got a few options. (Or if you want to continue driving your friends nuts with stickers, but don’t actually want to have to look at them yourself.) First, you can press and hold on any sticker over a message you want to read. The message will pop out and the stickers will vanish, allowing you a clear view. Once you’re done reading, tap anywhere on the message and the stickers will pop back into place.
If you want a more permanent fix, you’ll have to remove each sticker individually. To do this, press and hold on a sticker. Tap “Sticker Details” at the bottom of the pop-up menu on your phone screen. You’ll see a list of all the stickers attached to a given message. To delete, put your finger on the name of the sticker you want to delete and swipe to the left. You’ll see a red “Delete” box appear on the right-hand side. (Just like deleting or archiving an email.) Tap “Delete.” Repeat the process until you can read your texts again.
According YTMND’s community-run wiki:
We have the power to treat livestreamers like our puppets, so let’s use our powers for something not good, not evil, but flat-out stupid. The next time you get a notification that “X has gone live!” head into the comments section and do your part. Tell them to “put shoe on head.”
The goofy request soon spread across the burgeoning live-video spectrum. It became popular on UStream, one of the largest livestreaming services at the time. Not much record of the trend exists, but a search for “shoeonhead” on Flickr brings up a few dozen results (according to a blog post from 2008, the URL Shoe-On-Head.com at one time redirected to that Flickr page).
My proposal is that we bring back “Put shoe on head.” Livestreaming is a world of infinite possibilities. It doesn’t have to just be Q&As and cooking demos and video-game play-throughs. In fact, the success of the most well-known internet stars can be attributed to their unflagging gameness when it comes to viewer and fan requests.
It’s only been a few days since Apple released iOS 10 to the public, but the new operating system has already run into some big problems. First, there were reports of phones rendered temporarily useless when users attempted to update to iOS 10 via Wi-Fi, instead of via iTunes. Now, T-Mobile (via its CEO on Twitter) is recommending all iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, and iPhone 5 SE users wait to upgrade their devices.
According to the Verge, several T-Mobile customers have reported losing all connection to the network once updating their phones. If you’re a T-Mobile customer experiencing these issues, the company is recommending you try the oldest trick in the tech book: turning it off and turning it back on.
Unfortunately, that’s just a temporary fix. (And one that sounds like it would get old in a hurry.) Sorry, T-Mobile friends, guess you’ll have to wait a little longer to experience the utter bedlam that is iMessage on iOS 10.
The Great Unjackening begins with the new iPhone 7, but it doesn’t end there. MacRumors notes that people taking consumer surveys are now being asked just how much they actually like the 3.5-millimeter jack on their laptop computers.
As of now, the same reasoning can’t be applied to even Apple’s thinnest computers. On the other hand, Apple has been quietly phasing out older ports in favor of USB-C, just as it previously phased out floppy disks and CD drives. Just like the phone, Apple will frame its removal as forward-thinking, convenient, brave. It will be none of those things.
One user was asked directly, “Do you ever use the headphone port on your MacBook Pro with Retina display?”
On the iPhone, eliminating the headphone jack is (somewhat) justifiable, if not exactly courageous. It takes up a lot of real estate within the phone, and it is the main component preventing the phone from getting even thinner and lighter. If the headphones function can be run through the Lightning jack, then sure, I buy it.
Hmmm … what could it all mean? Did you really think that Apple would stop with its phone?
Last weekend, the Hillary Clinton campaign did something extremely controversial: It published an explainer devoted entirely to Pepe the frog. Pepe, a popular cartoon frog who first showed up in a web comic by Matt Furie back in 2005, has been embraced en masse by the wider internet, mutating over the last ten years into a zillion different forms that have invaded 4chan, Tumblr, Twitter, and dozens of other online venues.
The Clinton campaign’s explainer was about Pepe’s darkest, most recent iteration: Far-Right Pepe. For months, now, Pepe has been showing up online as a Trump supporter, a Nazi, a white nationalist, or sometimes Trump himself — in one popular version of the image, he’s even got Trump’s hair. This, the Clinton campaign explained, is a “horrifying” turn of events, a clear sign of Trump’s depravity, of the extent to which we have slid into alt-right, racist, anti-Semitic madness. “Pepe’s been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the ‘alt-right,’” the explainer explained. “They’ve decided to take back Pepe by adding swastikas and other symbols of anti-semitism and white supremacy.”
So how the hell did they gain so much notoriety the Hillary Clinton campaign felt a need to respond to their memes? What happened?
For those of us who spend too much time on the internet and write about or otherwise engage with the alt-right, it may feel like this iteration of Pepe and his adherents are everywhere. (In particular because his visage is frequently used as a Twitter avatar by Trump’s most vocal and extreme supporters.) In reality, they constitute a fairly small slice over the overall population, their apparent numbers inflated by how active they are online. And there’s effectively no sign, with the sporadic exception here and there, they engage in any actual political activism that doesn’t involve slinging dank memes. For all anyone knows, many of them aren’t old enough to vote or don’t have any desire to; they certainly don’t act like people who plan on participating in the democratic process.
For a good example of how they do this, take a Daily Caller piece by Jonah Bennett published Wednesday entitled “Here’s How Two Twitter Pranksters Convinced The World That Pepe The Frog Meme Is Just A Front For White Nationalism.” The “pranksters” in question are Jared Taylor Swift (@jaredtswift) and Paul Town (@PaulTown_), two alt-right Twitter personalities who have helped spread the problematic version of Pepe (Swift’s handle is a takeoff on Jared Taylor, a well-known white nationalist).
It all stems from an interesting collision between those trolls and another group of people — political journalists and operatives — who have very different incentive systems. Journalists and political operatives have coherent beliefs and politics and goals, and spend a lot of time thinking and writing about other people’s coherent beliefs and politics and goals, and the strategies those people will use to achieve those goals. Internet trolls, on the other hand, either don’t have beliefs or goals in the traditional sense, or aren’t constrained by any of the incentives that guide most of the rest of humanity’s behavior. Their main goal is just to elicit as much outrage and draw as much attention as possible. And that’s exactly what they’ve been able to do, to great effect.
In Bennett’s telling, Swift and Town successfully conned the Daily Beast’s Olivia Nuzzi into believing that there had been an actual organized effort to establish a genocide-lovin’ version of Pepe and “seed the meme on various imageboards,” complete with a meet-up over drinks to hash out strategy — a story line she laid out in May.
But Swift and Town now say these were all lies, reports Bennett:
“There was no ‘plot’ to take a cartoon frog and make it a symbol of white supremacy,” Paul Town told [the Daily Caller News Foundation]. “That’s absurd on the face of it.”
There was no Frog Twitter meet-up — they did not meet for drinks to discuss green frogs. They did not plot in 2015. There was no group experiment. They did not coordinate efforts on /r9k/ or /pol/, two image boards on 4chan and 8chan, where memes are born and subsequently end up in the public. Jared Taylor Swift says he isn’t actually 19. He doesn’t live on the West Coast. They didn’t turn Taylor Swift, the pop singer, into an “Aryan Goddess.”
It doesn’t get much better from there for Nuzzi’s narrative.
The two also ridiculed Nuzzi, to Bennett, for having included some of their more outlandish quotes in her story.
Bennett overreaches a fair amount in his piece — not all of its claims are backed up by Nuzzi’s actual article. Take this quote from Swift: “The idea that every major Trump supporter online is secretly a neo-Nazi, for one. I mean, it’s just not true. But it’s the kind of thing that a journalist will readily believe.” The clear implication here is that Nuzzi believed that, but nowhere in Nuzzi’s piece did she come close to expressing that belief. Nuzzi also did not accept Swift and Town’s claims in as wide-eyed a manner as Bennett suggests — she wrote that Swift “claims to be 19 years old and in school someplace on the West Coast” (emphasis mine), and elsewhere she noted that “on /r9k/, a controversial 4chan board” where she says the dark version of the Pepe meme originated, “it can be difficult to discern how serious commenters are being or if they’re just fucking around entirely.” And when a journalist includes a crazy-sounding quote from an anonymous Twitter personality — “He’s a reflection of our souls, to most of us,” Swift told Nuzzi — that doesn’t mean they believe the personality in question actually believes that.
Nuzzi did, however, uncritically report that the meet-up and the planning efforts had taken place. But there’s a sort of internet-fog-of-war hanging about the whole thing. As Bennett himself notes, for all he knows the Twitter duo are now lying to him about having not engaged in strategy sessions to Nazify Pepe. “The stewards of this Twitter world are notoriously capricious and trolltastic,” he writes. “They could even retract this mea culpa of sorts.”
You can’t understand this stuff without trying to grasp the Chanterculture. That’s the term coined by Joe Bernstein, the BuzzFeed reporter who explained late last year that 4chan, 8chan, and other anonymous and pseudonymous online communities traditionally peopled mostly (but by no means entirely) by frustrated young white men appear to be in the midst of a reactionary upheaval geared at fighting back against the culture of inclusion and diversity that has — in their view — infected mainstream life.
So what really happened? Was there a coordinated effort? The only correct answer is Who cares? Any answer other than Who cares? buys right into these trolls’ hands, and explains why they are this election cycle’s only clear winners so far.
Part of what makes the Chanterculture confusing and difficult for outsiders to penetrate is that, as Bernstein puts it, “It unites two equally irrepressible camps behind an ironclad belief in the duty to say hideous things: the threatened white men of the internet and the ‘I have no soul’ lulzsters.” That is, some proportion of Chanterculture warriors actually believe the things they say — some dedicated real-life internet Nazis like Andrew Auernheimer, a.k.a. weev, came up in chan culture — while others are just in it for the outrage. (Many channers find the idea of having an actual ideology — or expressing it online, at least — rather distasteful, with the only exception being instances in which cloaking one’s online persona in an offensive ideology can elicit lulz.)
Now, in a very important sense it doesn’t matter whether a given offensive tweet or post is earnest. As the conservative pundit and frequent alt-right target Ben Shapiro pointed out, it’s ridiculous to lay on him, or any other target of this bile, the responsibility of separating out the people who really are advocating for him and his family to be put in the ovens, as compared to those who are just doing it “for fun.” If you send me an anti-Semitic meme, I’m going to assume that you’re anti-Semitic. I never agreed to chan culture’s puerile, dumb rules about communication and offense. But: Once you move past the straightforward conversation about whether these memes are offensive and whether the ones containing threatening imagery constitute harassment — of course they are, and of course they do — to the trickier task of understanding why people post these memes, what they mean, and to what extent they represent a genuine threat or a genuine form of politics, it’s actually vital to understand these distinctions.
Take the brouhaha over Pepe. Taylor and Town, two alt-right pranksters, are operating from a perspective that can be extremely difficult for the average normie to understand. From the normie point of view, they must have some sort of agenda; they must really want Trump elected and must really be white nationalists, or why else would they post memes supporting Trump and white nationalism? A political journalist covering this “movement,” then, is going to make certain assumptions about it that would be reasonable in any other context, but which get quickly melted down by the sheer weird lulzy heat of chan culture — namely, that the actions of the participants in these online spectacles are motivated by normal, normie incentives and goals and politics. Nope — they’re just in it for the lulz, and they’re not constrained by normal incentives because, like so many others in the chanverse, they don’t have their real-life identities connected to their online ones. A normal person will or could get punished, at least reputationally, for lying to a journalist, or lying about having lied to a journalist. Not so if no one knows your name and you’re just trying to rack up lulz.
So it is with Pepe. The fact that a subset of louder-than-their numbers hyperactive Twitter and image-board users have conscripted the frog for their offensive purposes doesn’t actually mean all that much. It isn’t any more “horrifying” than the fact that there are so many people passing around Nazi imagery online in the first place. This is just how internet culture works, whether the culture in question is an innocent Tumblr fan community or an offense-loving chan subset. It iterates and comes up with new weird ways to communicate information.
In the long run, as journalistic coverage of the internet is increasingly done by people with at least a baseline understanding of web culture, that coverage will improve. For now, though, things are grim: It’s hard not to feel like journalists and politicos are effectively being led around on a leash by a group of anonymous online idiots, many of whom don’t really believe in anything.
But Apple has opened up the walls to the garden significantly in iOS 10, allowing apps and developers more access to their core software than ever before. As Brian Feldman called it after Apple’s WWDC presentation, it was the “Android-ification of iOS.” It’s a noble goal, but so far Apple seems to have whiffed on it. And nowhere is that clearer than the frenzied mess that is Messages.
Apple’s SMS-and-messaging app (dubbed Messages in 2010) was a significant component of why the iPhone so quickly took over the world. It’s hard to remember this, but there was a time when text messages weren’t threaded like an IM conversation. You would dig through Sent folders and individual contacts, never really getting a holistic view of what the conversation was. Text messaging, unless you had a full keyboard, was done T9-style and was largely call-and-response. “Meet a 8 at amc 20 4 hitch?” “y.” (This was 2005 or so, remember, and back then Hitch was a very good movie.) Other phones had introduced threaded SMS messages — the Treo was early on the scene — but like a lot of things Apple did in the mid-’00s, the company took a good idea and perfected it, and did it on a device that was so singular that nearly every phone sold since is a variation of the original iPhone’s form.
Some of this can be chalked up to first-day jitters. You can beta test for years, but once something is out in the wild, people will find ways to break it. The more that you open up your software to outside sources, the more likely stuff is to go sideways on you. And for years the standard advice has been to hold off on Apple’s huge OS updates for a few days while the bugs get worked out. (And there certainly seem to be some large ones this time around.)
Many of the utility apps, like Fandango, require both people to download and install the Fandango app (which also just installs the vanilla version of the Fandango app on your phone) in order to send messages back and forth to figure out exactly when to see the Hitch revival showing at the IFC Center. And some of the apps, despite being highlighted in the App Store as being good for Messages, just didn’t work until I did a hard reset of the Messages app — I wasn’t able to get Kayak or the Connect Four knockoff Four in a Row working until I shut down and restarted Messages, and some of my co-workers can’t seem to get them to work at all, even after a hard reset. And this doesn’t get into the whole #porngate fiasco that Apple is already quickly working to shut down, where searching for words like “butt” or “schlong” or even “huge” in the #images iMessage app turned up very NSFW GIFs, thanks to Bing’s GIF search API. (Apple has already shut down searches for those words and plenty of other surprisingly NSFW terms completely.)
The underlying issue is that the new version of Messages, ignoring the broken apps and ability to see some disturbing My Little Pony imagery pretty easily, is just not that great to use. The desktop integration of Message apps is terrible, the way apps are stored as an endless series of dots or short row of icons is quickly going to grow cumbersome for anyone who uses more than a few apps and sticker packs, and I’m dreading the phone call from my parents where I try to explain how to find the Store in Messages. The apps that work, like Words With Friends and Fandango, have a two-step send process where it’s easy to think you’ve sent something but instead it’s still just sitting around, waiting to be fired off. And there’s no app for Messages I’ve used so far that makes communication better. It’s still simpler and easier to text “Hey you wanna go see Hitch at 8:30?” and reply “Fuck YES” than to go into Fandango, find the movie, select the time, and then send over, get approval, and buy the tickets.
But smartphones, like TVs or microwaves, have largely plateaued. Until someone invents an entirely new way to power phones, each year all we get is incremental change — slightly thinner, slightly bigger, slightly faster. So the real battle is now waged in software, not hardware. And it’s software where Apple seems to have its biggest problems.
And with Google creating better iOS apps than Apple itself and Apple’s own missteps in software (will the Podcasts app ever actually be easy to use?), Apple could find itself in the position of providing a solid phone and good hardware for other people to create stunning software on. It’s a nice business — especially with the margins Apple gets on its phones — but it doesn’t change the world.
Many people do not understand how the internet works — I’d wager it’s the vast majority of its 3.4 billion users — and that’s fine, because they’re not trying to legislate it. Ted Cruz does not understand how the internet works, and he is trying to legislate it.
A year before, like many addicts, I had sensed a personal crash coming. For a decade and a half, I’d been a web obsessive, publishing blog posts multiple times a day, seven days a week, and ultimately corralling a team that curated the web every 20 minutes during peak hours. Each morning began with a full immersion in the stream of internet consciousness and news, jumping from site to site, tweet to tweet, breaking news story to hottest take, scanning countless images and videos, catching up with multiple memes. Throughout the day, I’d cough up an insight or an argument or a joke about what had just occurred or what was happening right now. And at times, as events took over, I’d spend weeks manically grabbing every tiny scrap of a developing story in order to fuse them into a narrative in real time. I was in an unending dialogue with readers who were caviling, praising, booing, correcting. My brain had never been so occupied so insistently by so many different subjects and in so public a way for so long.
If the internet killed you, I used to joke, then I would be the first to find out. Years later, the joke was running thin. In the last year of my blogging life, my health began to give out. Four bronchial infections in 12 months had become progressively harder to kick. Vacations, such as they were, had become mere opportunities for sleep. My dreams were filled with the snippets of code I used each day to update the site. My friendships had atrophied as my time away from the web dwindled. My doctor, dispensing one more course of antibiotics, finally laid it on the line: “Did you really survive HIV to die of the web?”
We absorb this “content” (as writing or video or photography is now called) no longer primarily by buying a magazine or paper, by bookmarking our favorite website, or by actively choosing to read or watch. We are instead guided to these info-nuggets by myriad little interruptions on social media, all cascading at us with individually tailored relevance and accuracy. Do not flatter yourself in thinking that you have much control over which temptations you click on. Silicon Valley’s technologists and their ever-perfecting algorithms have discovered the form of bait that will have you jumping like a witless minnow. No information technology ever had this depth of knowledge of its consumers — or greater capacity to tweak their synapses to keep them engaged.
Since the invention of the printing press, every new revolution in information technology has prompted apocalyptic fears. From the panic that easy access to the vernacular English Bible would destroy Christian orthodoxy all the way to the revulsion, in the 1950s, at the barbaric young medium of television, cultural critics have moaned and wailed at every turn. Each shift represented a further fracturing of attention — continuing up to the previously unimaginable kaleidoscope of cable TV in the late-20th century and the now infinite, infinitely multiplying spaces of the web. And yet society has always managed to adapt and adjust, without obvious damage, and with some more-than-obvious progress. So it’s perhaps too easy to view this new era of mass distraction as something newly dystopian.
And so I decided, after 15 years, to live in reality.
But it sure does represent a huge leap from even the very recent past. The data bewilder. Every single minute on the planet, YouTube users upload 400 hours of video and Tinder users swipe profiles over a million times. Each day, there are literally billions of Facebook “likes.” Online outlets now publish exponentially more material than they once did, churning out articles at a rapid-fire pace, adding new details to the news every few minutes. Blogs, Facebook feeds, Tumblr accounts, tweets, and propaganda outlets repurpose, borrow, and add topspin to the same output.
Am I exaggerating? A small but detailed 2015 study of young adults found that participants were using their phones five hours a day, at 85 separate times. Most of these interactions were for less than 30 seconds, but they add up. Just as revealing: The users weren’t fully aware of how addicted they were. They thought they picked up their phones half as much as they actually did. But whether they were aware of it or not, a new technology had seized control of around one-third of these young adults’ waking hours.
And it did so with staggering swiftness. We almost forget that ten years ago, there were no smartphones, and as recently as 2011, only a third of Americans owned one. Now nearly two-thirds do. That figure reaches 85 percent when you’re only counting young adults. And 46 percent of Americans told Pew surveyors last year a simple but remarkable thing: They could not live without one. The device went from unknown to indispensable in less than a decade. The handful of spaces where it was once impossible to be connected — the airplane, the subway, the wilderness — are dwindling fast. Even hiker backpacks now come fitted with battery power for smartphones. Perhaps the only “safe space” that still exists is the shower.
The interruptions often feel pleasant, of course, because they are usually the work of your friends. Distractions arrive in your brain connected to people you know (or think you know), which is the genius of social, peer-to-peer media. Since our earliest evolution, humans have been unusually passionate about gossip, which some attribute to the need to stay abreast of news among friends and family as our social networks expanded. We were hooked on information as eagerly as sugar. And give us access to gossip the way modernity has given us access to sugar and we have an uncontrollable impulse to binge. A regular teen Snapchat user, as the Atlantic recently noted, can have exchanged anywhere between 10,000 and even as many as 400,000 snaps with friends. As the snaps accumulate, they generate publicly displayed scores that bestow the allure of popularity and social status. This, evolutionary psychologists will attest, is fatal. When provided a constant source of information and news and gossip about each other — routed through our social networks — we are close to helpless.
Just look around you — at the people crouched over their phones as they walk the streets, or drive their cars, or walk their dogs, or play with their children. Observe yourself in line for coffee, or in a quick work break, or driving, or even just going to the bathroom. Visit an airport and see the sea of craned necks and dead eyes. We have gone from looking up and around to constantly looking down.
If an alien had visited America just five years ago, then returned today, wouldn’t this be its immediate observation? That this species has developed an extraordinary new habit — and, everywhere you look, lives constantly in its thrall?
And the engagement never ends. Not long ago, surfing the web, however addictive, was a stationary activity. At your desk at work, or at home on your laptop, you disappeared down a rabbit hole of links and resurfaced minutes (or hours) later to reencounter the world. But the smartphone then went and made the rabbit hole portable, inviting us to get lost in it anywhere, at any time, whatever else we might be doing. Information soon penetrated every waking moment of our lives.
I’d spent the previous nine months honing my meditation practice, but, in this crowd, I was a novice and a tourist. (Everyone around me was attending six-week or three-month sessions.) The silence, it became apparent, was an integral part of these people’s lives — and their simple manner of movement, the way they glided rather than walked, the open expressions on their faces, all fascinated me. What were they experiencing, if not insane levels of boredom?
I arrived at the meditation retreat center a few months after I’d quit the web, throwing my life and career up in the air. I figured it would be the ultimate detox. And I wasn’t wrong. After a few hours of silence, you tend to expect some kind of disturbance, some flurry to catch your interest. And then it never comes. The quiet deepens into an enveloping default. No one spoke; no one even looked another person in the eye — what some Buddhists call “noble silence.” The day was scheduled down to the minute, so that almost all our time was spent in silent meditation with our eyes closed, or in slow-walking meditation on the marked trails of the forest, or in communal, unspeaking meals. The only words I heard or read for ten days were in three counseling sessions, two guided meditations, and nightly talks on mindfulness.
My goal was to keep thought in its place. “Remember,” my friend Sam Harris, an atheist meditator, had told me before I left, “if you’re suffering, you’re thinking.” The task was not to silence everything within my addled brain, but to introduce it to quiet, to perspective, to the fallow spaces I had once known where the mind and soul replenish.
And how did their calm somehow magnify itself when I was surrounded by them every day? Usually, when you add people to a room, the noise grows; here, it was the silence that seemed to compound itself. Attached to my phone, I had been accompanied for so long by verbal and visual noise, by an endless bombardment of words and images, and yet I felt curiously isolated. Among these meditators, I was alone in silence and darkness, yet I felt almost at one with them. My breathing slowed. My brain settled. My body became much more available to me. I could feel it digesting and sniffing, itching and pulsating. It was if my brain were moving away from the abstract and the distant toward the tangible and the near.
Things that usually escaped me began to intrigue me. On a meditative walk through the forest on my second day, I began to notice not just the quality of the autumnal light through the leaves but the splotchy multicolors of the newly fallen, the texture of the lichen on the bark, the way in which tree roots had come to entangle and overcome old stone walls. The immediate impulse — to grab my phone and photograph it — was foiled by an empty pocket. So I simply looked. At one point, I got lost and had to rely on my sense of direction to find my way back. I heard birdsong for the first time in years. Well, of course, I had always heard it, but it had been so long since I listened.
Soon enough, the world of “the news,” and the raging primary campaign, disappeared from my consciousness. My mind drifted to a trancelike documentary I had watched years before, Philip Gröning’s Into Great Silence, on an ancient Carthusian monastery and silent monastic order in the Alps. In one scene, a novice monk is tending his plot of garden. As he moves deliberately from one task to the next, he seems almost in another dimension. He is walking from one trench to another, but never appears focused on actually getting anywhere. He seems to float, or mindfully glide, from one place to the next.
He had escaped, it seemed to me, what we moderns understand by time. There was no race against it; no fear of wasting it; no avoidance of the tedium that most of us would recoil from. And as I watched my fellow meditators walk around, eyes open yet unavailable to me, I felt the slowing of the ticking clock, the unwinding of the pace that has all of us in modernity on a treadmill till death. I felt a trace of a freedom all humans used to know and that our culture seems intent, pell-mell, on forgetting.
We all understand the joys of our always-wired world — the connections, the validations, the laughs, the porn, the info. I don’t want to deny any of them here. But we are only beginning to get our minds around the costs, if we are even prepared to accept that there are costs. For the subtle snare of this new technology is that it lulls us into the belief that there are no downsides. It’s all just more of everything. Online life is simply layered on top of offline life. We can meet in person and text beforehand. We can eat together while checking our feeds. We can transform life into what the writer Sherry Turkle refers to as “life-mix.”
But of course, as I had discovered in my blogging years, the family that is eating together while simultaneously on their phones is not actually together. They are, in Turkle’s formulation, “alone together.” You are where your attention is. If you’re watching a football game with your son while also texting a friend, you’re not fully with your child — and he knows it. Truly being with another person means being experientially with them, picking up countless tiny signals from the eyes and voice and body language and context, and reacting, often unconsciously, to every nuance. These are our deepest social skills, which have been honed through the aeons. They are what make us distinctively human.
By rapidly substituting virtual reality for reality, we are diminishing the scope of this interaction even as we multiply the number of people with whom we interact. We remove or drastically filter all the information we might get by being with another person. We reduce them to some outlines — a Facebook “friend,” an Instagram photo, a text message — in a controlled and sequestered world that exists largely free of the sudden eruptions or encumbrances of actual human interaction. We become each other’s “contacts,” efficient shadows of ourselves.
Think of how rarely you now use the phone to speak to someone. A text is far easier, quicker, less burdensome. A phone call could take longer; it could force you to encounter that person’s idiosyncrasies or digressions or unexpected emotional needs. Remember when you left voice-mail messages — or actually listened to one? Emojis now suffice. Or take the difference between trying to seduce someone at a bar and flipping through Tinder profiles to find a better match. One is deeply inefficient and requires spending (possibly wasting) considerable time; the other turns dozens and dozens of humans into clothes on an endlessly extending rack.
No wonder we prefer the apps. An entire universe of intimate responses is flattened to a single, distant swipe. We hide our vulnerabilities, airbrushing our flaws and quirks; we project our fantasies onto the images before us. Rejection still stings — but less when a new virtual match beckons on the horizon. We have made sex even safer yet, having sapped it of serendipity and risk and often of physical beings altogether. The amount of time we spend cruising vastly outweighs the time we may ever get to spend with the objects of our desire.
Our oldest human skills atrophy. GPS, for example, is a godsend for finding our way around places we don’t know. But, as Nicholas Carr has noted, it has led to our not even seeing, let alone remembering, the details of our environment, to our not developing the accumulated memories that give us a sense of place and control over what we once called ordinary life. The writer Matthew Crawford has examined how automation and online living have sharply eroded the number of people physically making things, using their own hands and eyes and bodies to craft, say, a wooden chair or a piece of clothing or, in one of Crawford’s more engrossing case studies, a pipe organ. We became who we are as a species by mastering tools, making them a living, evolving extension of our whole bodies and minds. What first seems tedious and repetitive develops into a skill — and a skill is what gives us humans self-esteem and mutual respect.
Yes, online and automated life is more efficient, it makes more economic sense, it ends monotony and “wasted” time in the achievement of practical goals. But it denies us the deep satisfaction and pride of workmanship that comes with accomplishing daily tasks well, a denial perhaps felt most acutely by those for whom such tasks are also a livelihood — and an identity.
Indeed, the modest mastery of our practical lives is what fulfilled us for tens of thousands of years — until technology and capitalism decided it was entirely dispensable. If we are to figure out why despair has spread so rapidly in so many left-behind communities, the atrophying of the practical vocations of the past — and the meaning they gave to people’s lives — seems as useful a place to explore as economic indices.
So are the bonds we used to form in our everyday interactions — the nods and pleasantries of neighbors, the daily facial recognition in the mall or the street. Here too the allure of virtual interaction has helped decimate the space for actual community. When we enter a coffee shop in which everyone is engrossed in their private online worlds, we respond by creating one of our own. When someone next to you answers the phone and starts talking loudly as if you didn’t exist, you realize that, in her private zone, you don’t. And slowly, the whole concept of a public space — where we meet and engage and learn from our fellow citizens — evaporates. Turkle describes one of the many small consequences in an American city: “Kara, in her 50s, feels that life in her hometown of Portland, Maine, has emptied out: ‘Sometimes I walk down the street, and I’m the only person not plugged in … No one is where they are. They’re talking to someone miles away. I miss them.’ ”
Has our enslavement to dopamine — to the instant hits of validation that come with a well-crafted tweet or Snapchat streak — made us happier? I suspect it has simply made us less unhappy, or rather less aware of our unhappiness, and that our phones are merely new and powerful antidepressants of a non-pharmaceutical variety. In an essay on contemplation, the Christian writer Alan Jacobs recently commended the comedian Louis C.K. for withholding smartphones from his children. On the Conan O’Brien show, C.K. explained why: “You need to build an ability to just be yourself and not be doing something. That’s what the phones are taking away,” he said. “Underneath in your life there’s that thing … that forever empty … that knowledge that it’s all for nothing and you’re alone … That’s why we text and drive … because we don’t want to be alone for a second.”
He recalled a moment driving his car when a Bruce Springsteen song came on the radio. It triggered a sudden, unexpected surge of sadness. He instinctively went to pick up his phone and text as many friends as possible. Then he changed his mind, left his phone where it was, and pulled over to the side of the road to weep. He allowed himself for once to be alone with his feelings, to be overwhelmed by them, to experience them with no instant distraction, no digital assist. And then he was able to discover, in a manner now remote from most of us, the relief of crawling out of the hole of misery by himself. For if there is no dark night of the soul anymore that isn’t lit with the flicker of the screen, then there is no morning of hopefulness either. As he said of the distracted modern world we now live in: “You never feel completely sad or completely happy, you just feel … kinda satisfied with your products. And then you die. So that’s why I don’t want to get a phone for my kids.”
And then, unexpectedly, on the third day, as I was walking through the forest, I became overwhelmed. I’m still not sure what triggered it, but my best guess is that the shady, quiet woodlands, with brooks trickling their way down hillsides and birds flitting through the moist air, summoned memories of my childhood. I was a lonely boy who spent many hours outside in the copses and woodlands of my native Sussex, in England. I had explored this landscape with friends, but also alone — playing imaginary scenarios in my head, creating little nooks where I could hang and sometimes read, learning every little pathway through the woods and marking each flower or weed or fungus that I stumbled on. But I was also escaping a home where my mother had collapsed with bipolar disorder after the birth of my younger brother and had never really recovered. She was in and out of hospitals for much of my youth and adolescence, and her condition made it hard for her to hide her pain and suffering from her sensitive oldest son.
The early days of the retreat passed by, the novelty slowly ceding to a reckoning that my meditation skills were now being tested more aggressively. Thoughts began to bubble up; memories clouded the present; the silent sessions began to be edged by a little anxiety.
I knew the scar tissue from this formative trauma was still in my soul. I had spent two decades in therapy, untangling and exploring it, learning how it had made intimacy with others so frightening, how it had made my own spasms of adolescent depression even more acute, how living with that kind of pain from the most powerful source of love in my life had made me the profoundly broken vessel I am. But I had never felt it so vividly since the very years it had first engulfed and defined me. It was as if, having slowly and progressively removed every distraction from my life, I was suddenly faced with what I had been distracting myself from. Resting for a moment against the trunk of a tree, I stopped, and suddenly found myself bent over, convulsed with the newly present pain, sobbing.
I absorbed a lot of her agony, I came to realize later, hearing her screams of frustration and misery in constant, terrifying fights with my father, and never knowing how to stop it or to help. I remember watching her dissolve in tears in the car picking me up from elementary school at the thought of returning to a home she clearly dreaded, or holding her as she poured her heart out to me, through sobs and whispers, about her dead-end life in a small town where she was utterly dependent on a spouse. She was taken away from me several times in my childhood, starting when I was 4, and even now I can recall the corridors and rooms of the institutions she was treated in when we went to visit.
And this time, even as I eventually made it back to the meditation hall, there was no relief. I couldn’t call my husband or a friend and talk it over. I couldn’t check my email or refresh my Instagram or text someone who might share the pain. I couldn’t ask one of my fellows if they had experienced something similar. I waited for the mood to lift, but it deepened. Hours went by in silence as my heart beat anxiously and my mind reeled.
I decided I would get some distance by trying to describe what I was feeling. The two words “extreme suffering” won the naming contest in my head. And when I had my 15-minute counseling session with my assigned counselor a day later, the words just kept tumbling out. After my panicked, anguished confession, he looked at me, one eyebrow raised, with a beatific half-smile. “Oh, that’s perfectly normal,” he deadpanned warmly. “Don’t worry. Be patient. It will resolve itself.” And in time, it did. Over the next day, the feelings began to ebb, my meditation improved, the sadness shifted into a kind of calm and rest. I felt other things from my childhood — the beauty of the forests, the joy of friends, the support of my sister, the love of my maternal grandmother. Yes, I prayed, and prayed for relief. But this lifting did not feel like divine intervention, let alone a result of effort, but more like a natural process of revisiting and healing and recovering. It felt like an ancient, long-buried gift.
The English Reformation began, one recalls, with an assault on the monasteries, and what silence the Protestants didn’t banish the philosophers of the Enlightenment mocked. Gibbon and Voltaire defined the Enlightenment’s posture toward the monkish: from condescension to outright contempt. The roar and disruption of the Industrial Revolution violated what quiet still remained until modern capitalism made business central to our culture and the ever-more efficient meeting of needs and wants our primary collective goal. We became a civilization of getting things done — with the development of America, in some ways, as its crowning achievement. Silence in modernity became, over the centuries, an anachronism, even a symbol of the useless superstitions we had left behind. The smartphone revolution of the past decade can be seen in some ways simply as the final twist of this ratchet, in which those few remaining redoubts of quiet — the tiny cracks of inactivity in our lives — are being methodically filled with more stimulus and noise.
And yet our need for quiet has never fully gone away, because our practical achievements, however spectacular, never quite fulfill us. They are always giving way to new wants and needs, always requiring updating or repairing, always falling short. The mania of our online lives reveals this: We keep swiping and swiping because we are never fully satisfied. The late British philosopher Michael Oakeshott starkly called this truth “the deadliness of doing.” There seems no end to this paradox of practical life, and no way out, just an infinite succession of efforts, all doomed ultimately to fail.
In his survey of how the modern West lost widespread religious practice, A Secular Age, the philosopher Charles Taylor used a term to describe the way we think of our societies. He called it a “social imaginary” — a set of interlocking beliefs and practices that can undermine or subtly marginalize other kinds of belief. We didn’t go from faith to secularism in one fell swoop, he argues. Certain ideas and practices made others not so much false as less vibrant or relevant. And so modernity slowly weakened spirituality, by design and accident, in favor of commerce; it downplayed silence and mere being in favor of noise and constant action. The reason we live in a culture increasingly without faith is not because science has somehow disproved the unprovable, but because the white noise of secularism has removed the very stillness in which it might endure or be reborn.
Except, of course, there is the option of a spiritual reconciliation to this futility, an attempt to transcend the unending cycle of impermanent human achievement. There is a recognition that beyond mere doing, there is also being; that at the end of life, there is also the great silence of death with which we must eventually make our peace. From the moment I entered a church in my childhood, I understood that this place was different because it was so quiet. The Mass itself was full of silences — those liturgical pauses that would never do in a theater, those minutes of quiet after communion when we were encouraged to get lost in prayer, those liturgical spaces that seemed to insist that we are in no hurry here. And this silence demarcated what we once understood as the sacred, marking a space beyond the secular world of noise and business and shopping.
The only place like it was the library, and the silence there also pointed to something beyond it — to the learning that required time and patience, to the pursuit of truth that left practical life behind. Like the moment of silence we sometimes honor in the wake of a tragedy, the act of not speaking signals that we are responding to something deeper than the quotidian, something more profound than words can fully express. I vividly recall when the AIDS Memorial Quilt was first laid out on the Mall in Washington in 1987. A huge crowd had gathered, drifts of hundreds of chattering, animated people walking in waves onto the scene. But the closer they got, and the more they absorbed the landscape of unimaginably raw grief, their voices petered out, and a great emptiness filled the air. This is different, the silence seemed to say. This is not our ordinary life.
Most civilizations, including our own, have understood this in the past. Millennia ago, as the historian Diarmaid MacCulloch has argued, the unnameable, often inscrutably silent God of the Jewish Scriptures intersected with Plato’s concept of a divinity so beyond human understanding and imperfection that no words could accurately describe it. The hidden God of the Jewish and Christian Scriptures spoke often by not speaking. And Jesus, like the Buddha, revealed as much by his silences as by his words. He was a preacher who yet wandered for 40 days in the desert; a prisoner who refused to defend himself at his trial. At the converted novitiate at the retreat, they had left two stained-glass windows depicting Jesus. In one, he is in the Garden of Gethsemane, sweating blood in terror, alone before his execution. In the other, he is seated at the Last Supper, with the disciple John the Beloved resting his head on Jesus’s chest. He is speaking in neither.
That Judeo-Christian tradition recognized a critical distinction — and tension — between noise and silence, between getting through the day and getting a grip on one’s whole life. The Sabbath — the Jewish institution co-opted by Christianity — was a collective imposition of relative silence, a moment of calm to reflect on our lives under the light of eternity. It helped define much of Western public life once a week for centuries — only to dissipate, with scarcely a passing regret, into the commercial cacophony of the past couple of decades. It reflected a now-battered belief that a sustained spiritual life is simply unfeasible for most mortals without these refuges from noise and work to buffer us and remind us who we really are. But just as modern street lighting has slowly blotted the stars from the visible skies, so too have cars and planes and factories and flickering digital screens combined to rob us of a silence that was previously regarded as integral to the health of the human imagination.
This changes us. It slowly removes — without our even noticing it — the very spaces where we can gain a footing in our minds and souls that is not captive to constant pressures or desires or duties. And the smartphone has all but banished them. Thoreau issued his jeremiad against those pressures more than a century ago: “I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear.”
When you enter the temporary Temple at Burning Man, the annual Labor Day retreat for the tech elite in the Nevada desert, there is hardly any speaking. Some hover at the edges; others hold hands and weep; a few pin notes to a wall of remembrances; the rest are kneeling or meditating or simply sitting. The usually ornate and vast wooden structure is rivaled only by the massive tower of a man that will be burned, like the Temple itself, as the festival reaches its climax, and tens of thousands of people watch an inferno.
They come here, these architects of our internet world, to escape the thing they unleashed on the rest of us. They come to a wilderness where no cellular signals penetrate. You leave your phone in your tent, deemed useless for a few, ecstatically authentic days. There is a spirit of radical self-reliance (you survive for seven days or so only on what you can bring into the vast temporary city) and an ethic of social equality. You are forced to interact only as a physical human being with other physical human beings — without hierarchy. You dance, and you experiment; you build community in various camps. And for many, this is the high point of their year — a separate world for fantasy and friendship, enhanced by drugs that elevate your sense of compassion or wonder or awe.
Like a medieval carnival, this new form of religion upends the conventions that otherwise rule our lives. Like a safety valve, it releases the pent-up pressures of our wired cacophony. Though easily mockable, it is trying to achieve what our culture once routinely provided, and it reveals, perhaps, that we are not completely helpless in this newly distracted era. We can, one senses, begin to balance it out, to relearn what we have so witlessly discarded, to manage our neuroses so they do not completely overwhelm us.
If the churches came to understand that the greatest threat to faith today is not hedonism but distraction, perhaps they might begin to appeal anew to a frazzled digital generation. Christian leaders seem to think that they need more distraction to counter the distraction. Their services have degenerated into emotional spasms, their spaces drowned with light and noise and locked shut throughout the day, when their darkness and silence might actually draw those whose minds and souls have grown web-weary. But the mysticism of Catholic meditation — of the Rosary, of Benediction, or simple contemplative prayer — is a tradition in search of rediscovery. The monasteries — opened up to more lay visitors — could try to answer to the same needs that the booming yoga movement has increasingly met.
And imagine if more secular places responded in kind: restaurants where smartphones must be surrendered upon entering, or coffee shops that marketed their non-Wi-Fi safe space? Or, more practical: more meals where we agree to put our gadgets in a box while we talk to one another? Or lunch where the first person to use their phone pays the whole bill? We can, if we want, re-create a digital Sabbath each week — just one day in which we live for 24 hours without checking our phones. Or we can simply turn off our notifications. Humans are self-preserving in the long run. For every innovation there is a reaction, and even the starkest of analysts of our new culture, like Sherry Turkle, sees a potential for eventually rebalancing our lives.
There are burgeoning signs of this more human correction. In 2012, there were, for example, around 20 million yoga practitioners in the U.S., according to a survey conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs. By 2016, the number had almost doubled. Mindfulness, at the same time, has become a corporate catchword for many and a new form of sanity for others. It’s also hard to explain, it seems to me, the sudden explosion of interest in and tolerance of cannabis in the past 15 years without factoring in the intensifying digital climate. Weed is a form of self-medication for an era of mass distraction, providing a quick and easy path to mellowed contemplation in a world where the ample space and time necessary for it are under siege.
And yet I wonder. The ubiquitous temptations of virtual living create a mental climate that is still maddeningly hard to manage. In the days, then weeks, then months after my retreat, my daily meditation sessions began to falter a little. There was an election campaign of such brooding menace it demanded attention, headlined by a walking human Snapchat app of incoherence. For a while, I had limited my news exposure to the New York Times’ daily briefings; then, slowly, I found myself scanning the click-bait headlines from countless sources that crowded the screen; after a while, I was back in my old rut, absorbing every nugget of campaign news, even as I understood each to be as ephemeral as the last, and even though I no longer needed to absorb them all for work.
I haven’t given up, even as, each day, at various moments, I find myself giving in. There are books to be read; landscapes to be walked; friends to be with; life to be fully lived. And I realize that this is, in some ways, just another tale in the vast book of human frailty. But this new epidemic of distraction is our civilization’s specific weakness. And its threat is not so much to our minds, even as they shape-shift under the pressure. The threat is to our souls. At this rate, if the noise does not relent, we might even forget we have any.
Then there were the other snares: the allure of online porn, now blasting through the defenses of every teenager; the ease of replacing every conversation with a texting stream; the escape of living for a while in an online game where all the hazards of real human interaction are banished; the new video features on Instagram, and new friends to follow. It all slowly chipped away at my meditative composure. I cut my daily silences from one hour to 25 minutes; and then, almost a year later, to every other day. I knew this was fatal — that the key to gaining sustainable composure from meditation was rigorous discipline and practice, every day, whether you felt like it or not, whether it felt as if it were working or not. Like weekly Mass, it is the routine that gradually creates a space that lets your life breathe. But the world I rejoined seemed to conspire to take that space away from me. “I do what I hate,” as the oldest son says in Terrence Malick’s haunting Tree of Life.
*This article appears in the September 19, 2016, issue of New York Magazine.
The iPhone 7 only hit public hands a few days ago, but people are already reporting a potential problem with Apple’s newest device. Or should I say, a potential problem with Apple’sssss newessssst devicccce: Hissing. The phones reportedly make a rather unpleasant noise when they’re under load (when the processors are working at high capacity).
Stephen Hackett from 512 Pixels recorded a video of the strange sound. “As my iPhone 7 Plus was restoring from iCloud, I thought I noticed some sound. After picking the device up from my desk, it was clear the sounds are coming from back of the phone, possibly from the CPU,” Hackett explained on YouTube. “It seems to get worse if the iPhone is under load, and can be heard while the phone is sitting on a table.” TechCrunch’s Darrell Etherington reported a similar issue with his iPhone 7.
Engadget reports the issue doesn’t appear to be happening on every new iPhone, and successfully tested one of the devices using a “performance benchmark that puts the processor under serious strain” without any hissing. As for the phones that are hissing, Hackett followed up his video on Twitter saying that Apple is replacing his device. (Apple did not immediately respond to Select All’s request for comment.)
In the meantime, maybe try sending a few less of those new emoji to keep your phone from having to work too hard.
At around eight o’clock this morning, anyone in New York City who has emergency alerts turned on got a blaring message on their smartphone — the kind that plays an elongated, piercing tone that can shake the earth and rouse the dead. In this case, the alert concerned the Chelsea bombing that occurred on Saturday night, injuring more than two dozen people. Other bombs were found at a New Jersey train station. It reads:
This is an extremely bad push alert to blast across the greater New York area.
This alert serves none of those purposes. It even acknowledges its own shortcomings: “See media for pic” is a stilted way of saying “Um, Google it.” It provides no useful contextual information, warns of no imminent danger. It essentially deputizes the five boroughs and encourages people to treat anyone who looks like he might be named “Ahmad Khan Rahami” with suspicion. In a country where people are routinely harassed and assaulted for just appearing to be Muslim, this is remarkably ill-advised.
But the inadequacies of the WEA system aren’t necessarily a bad thing: The government should probably not have a direct vector through which it can blast citizens with rich text and mugshots. And, frankly, if the people in charge of sending out alerts can’t see that drafting an entire city into a national-security operation on the basis of a single name is a terrible idea, there’s no reason to think that giving them more tools will fix the problem.
If you spend any time on the internet, you know that rule number one is don’t read the comments. They are usually bad. Or mean. Or both. (And that’s if you’re lucky and you’re not being actively harassed or threatened.) But Shirley Curry’s internet is not your typical internet. The 80-year-old, who just celebrated her one-year anniversary as a gaming vlogger on YouTube, refers to her fans as her “grandkids.” (I’m not crying, there’s just tree branch in my eye.)
Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEAs for short), are to be used, according to the FCC, in three cases: Amber Alerts, alerts from the president, and alerts involving imminent threats to safety.
For years, Samsung and Apple have been rivals in the same way San Francisco and Los Angeles are rivals: The former considers itself more tech-savvy and frankly better, while the latter isn’t really aware there even is a rivalry going on.
It’s worth noting that one component of this alert’s disastrousness is technical in nature: As Motherboard explained last month, WEAs are woefully incapable of conveying useful information. Their geotargeting is poorly calibrated. Worse, the messages are limited to 90 plain-text characters only; no photos, no hyperlinks.
And there were signs that Apple fatigue was setting in. IPhone sales dropped for the first time in history for two straight quarters in 2016, and Samsung’s S7s were outselling the iPhone 6s. The 6s hadn’t added enough to its plate to convince iPhone 6 (or even iPhone 5) owners to make the jump. Part of this was just the tail-end of one generation of iPhones coming to an end, but sales had never slumped before the launch of the iPhone 6 or iPhone 5. More important for Samsung, Apple’s next phone was widely rumored to not only look a lot like the iPhone 6s, but to come without a headphone jack at all. If there was a time Samsung was going to be able to convince a large number of weary iPhone owners to switch, this was it.
The reception to the Note 7, released in late August, was even better. “It’s a jack of all trades, and the master of … everything,” was the verdict from Wired. “Samsung has built its finest phone yet,” said Engadget. The reviews weren’t kidding. While it’s pricey at $850, the Note 7 is remarkable in fitting so much phone and screen into such a smart package. It’s a phablet that essentially doesn’t feel like one — a two-hander that you can operate with ease as a one-hander. A host of other interesting features — retina detection for logging into the phone, dual cameras that took great shots, a beautiful OLED screen that made those pictures really shine — all added up to something special.
Social media was flooded with pictures of scorched mattresses and ruined phones. The news stories wrote themselves, the perfect “This phone might kill you” tease. By the time Tim Cook took the stage on September 7, Samsung has issued a full-on recall in most countries where the phone was sold, and on September 15 (the day before the iPhone 7 went on sale), the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission issued its own recall in the United States as well.
The cases were strange: Usually owners were leaving their phones charging overnight, only to wake up to a phone on fire (or their garage or Jeep torched). The failure rate was low — there were only a few dozen cases reported out of the one million Note 7s sold, but well, Note 7s were catching on fire. When it comes to your phone battery spontaneously combusting, you want that failure rate to be really, really close to zero, not .0001 percent.
Samsung saw the opening as clearly as anyone else, and pressed suppliers and manufacturers to hurry the Note 7 to market. According to a Bloomberg report, the head of Samsung’s phone department, D.J. Koh, began setting tighter deadlines, moving up the launch date of the Note 7 ten days earlier than the previous year. Key to this decision was the idea of putting in a 3,500 mAh battery that used about the same amount of space as a 3,000 mAh battery. (The iPhone 7 Plus, which currently has the biggest battery produced for smartphones by Apple, has a 2,900 mAh battery.) Samsung’s entire phone division went into crunch mode, with employees sleeping at the office.
But by late summer, after years of missteps and not-very-successful launches, Samsung had two flagship phones on the market that neatly exceeded the overall feel of then-current iPhone 6s: the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. The reviews for the S7 Edge, a sleek one-hander phone with a 5.5-inch screen and stunning camera, were overwhelmingly positive. “If you want the most stylish, most all-in-one phone that money can buy, you’ve found it,” wrote CNET. The S7 Edge is “the most impressive piece of smartphone hardware I’ve ever held,” wrote Dan Siefert at the Verge. I’ve been using one sent to me by Samsung on and off, and the reviews are true — the camera takes shots that stand up to anything the iPhone 6s puts out, the AMOLED screen is huge and beautiful (and makes switching back to the iPhone’s LCD screen feel a bit disappointing), but it still fits comfortably in your pocket.
Samsung says it’s isolated why a few batteries were going up in flames — it appears something was happening to certain pressure plates within the phone when it was charged to 100 percent, which is why so many fires were starting while people were sleeping. And the root cause may be that Samsung simply tried to stuff too much battery into too little space.
Clearly caught wrongfooted, Samsung’s recall effort was clumsy — users were unsure how to return their phones and when they would get them back. (Samsung now says anyone can bring their phone into a retailer and get a replacement no later than September 21.) And for those that still wanted a Note 7, no dice — Samsung ceased all retail sales, though you can still snag it on eBay if you really want flout the nanny state saying we can’t have phones just because they occasionally catch on fire.CNET ran a Twitter poll asking Note 7 owners what they planned to do, and over half said they would either switch to an iPhone or switch to a different phone. (Nine percent said they planned to keep their phone regardless, which either shows that some people like to live dangerously, or Twitter polls are kinda horseshit.)
The Apple iPhone 7 was always going to do well — lines were around the corner here in New York during its first day on sale. And Samsung was never going to win over diehard Apple fans, or folks who don’t want to deal with the hassle of moving from iOS to Android. But there is a not-insignificant portion of smartphone users who will want a high-end smartphone and are leery of life without a headphone jack. Samsung could have been the answer for people who didn’t want to jump feet-first into a wireless lifestyle, AirPods and all.
The Note 7 will return to store shelves on Wednesday, and once it’s back on sale it’ll be the best Android phone available. But the opportunity to win over new customers (or even keep existing ones) has likely been lost. Thanks to its rush to beat Apple, the Note 7 is now no longer going to be known for its sleekly curved glass or the remarkable symmetry of its industrial design — it’s just going to be the phone that kept catching on fire.
But the long nights and shortened timeline seemed to have worked. The Note 7 was unveiled on August 3, and hit retail stores on August 19, almost three weeks before Apple would take the stage. Then, around August 25, the first reports of Note 7s’ batteries catching on fire began to surface.
The two companies have squared off multiple times. There has been a series of international lawsuits about whether Samsung stole patented technology while designing their smartphones (and whether Apple faked evidence to make its case stronger). At one point, a story swept the internet that Samsung paid $1 billion owed to Apple in nickels (this was, sadly, untrue). Samsung put out a series of ads slamming Apple for its perceived lack of innovation (and the slavishness of its fans) around the launch of Apple’s iPhone 5 and Samsung’s Galaxy S3 (see if you can spot the Silicon Valley and You’re the Worst cameos). And it’s in this arena, smartphone vs. smartphone, that Samsung seems the most invested. Apple sells phones at high margins, using slightly underpowered hardware in smart ways to give a smooth experience. Samsung sells phones stuffed with high-end hardware and new ideas, but is always seen as an also-ran (and also can’t sell its phones for anything near the margins that Apple can).
Excellent news for the sleepless spouses of chronic snorers: There’s now a device for that. Okay, so, it’s weird-looking and just masks the sound rather than doing anything to combat the actual snoring, but those desperately seeking a slumber uninterrupted by nasal vibrations may be happy just to take what they can get.
In a video posted on Sunday, Curry thanked her internet “family” for all their support over the past year. She’s posted dozens of videos playing Skyrim and racked up over a 150,000 followers in the process. (There’s something endearing about hearing this 80-year-old lady from Virginia shouting, ever so politely, at the screen.) In case that’s not enough, Curry’s Twitter is also full of gems.
Curry spends about 12 minutes of her video going over gifts and fan mail she has received over the past few months: origami cranes, chocolate, a bottle of bobby pins (“lock picks, I knew you were low,” a Skyrim fan explained in their note), a card decorated with a chipper-looking duck signed “love, your YouTube grandkid.” Sweet stuff.
“Alright, grandkids. I love you all. I appreciate each and every one of you,” Curry says before blowing a kiss at the screen and ending her video and making this cold-hearted blogger believe the internet might not be such a terrible place after all.
In the anniversary video, Curry busts out a fortune cookie she’s been carting around and saving to share with her fans. (It’s already cracked open because Curry filmed an earlier take where she mistakenly thought the camera was on. Grandma!) “Share your joys and sorrows with your family,” the fortune reads, which she hails as being “very apropos.” “You definitely give me joy reading all your comments,” Curry explains. “I love them very, very much.” (Curry often responds individually to as many commenters as she can. Which is pretty standard behavior in the YouTube community, but again, just seems so much better when it’s done by an 80-year-old who calls herself Grandma.)
On September 4, a new activist investor announced himself to the world of big-swinging-dick finance. In a short email sent to 200 industry heavyweights, he urged Och-Ziff, one of the world’s largest publicly owned hedge funds, to embrace robo-trading. The author of the note was Michael Young; he is 24, a Chipotle cook who has moonlighted as a self-taught investor since reading Ron Chernow’s The House of Morgan at 19. His stake in Och-Ziff, a $39.2 billion fund, is $1,018. He wrote his declaration from a personal Gmail account; he did not use bcc.
“Dear Partners,” Young began. “We have taken a position in Och-Ziff Capital Management.” Then he got to the point.
How much of a fantasy is this? We may find out. Already, we know that index funds outperform hedge funds, the investor-genius poster children. Lately, hedge funds have hit a rough patch: Like charter schools in education, the hedge-fund sector has used the freedom to experiment to produce some spectacular winners, many more funds that perform at about the level of the market as a whole, and enough true disasters that the entire industry topples into not meaningfully profitable. And that’s at the high-skill end; the broker managing your TD Ameritrade account didn’t turn down a gig at D.E. Shaw for the privilege. So perhaps we’re already investing against our better judgment anytime we hand our money to a real person.
When notorious activist Bill Ackman took his position against Herbalife in 2012, it was with a 342-slide PowerPoint; I have just reproduced Michael Young’s Och-Ziff presentation in full. But that second objective was genuinely eye-catching (one recipient forwarded it to a Business Insider reporter, asking, more or less, “Who the fuck is this guy?”). For decades, certain amateur investors, suspicious of stock-market gamesmanship they might’ve felt looped out of, have proselytized “fundamentals” investing (it’s one way Warren Buffett got sainted as the cuddly Oracle of Omaha). But robo-trading (also called algorithmic or automated investment) is a relatively new crusade — and, for financial managers, a new fear. Which, of course: It’s hard not to worry if your future professional status depends on out–John Henry–ing some Deep Blue fino-bot. One telltale sign they’re genuinely freaked is the word they use to deride the threat. Robot is what we call technology we’re scared of these days, from robot warfare to robot cars to robot doctors. When we like the technology, we call it software.
Lately, financial advisers have been calling it worse things. In August, a team from AllianceBernstein ($496 billion under management) published “The Silent Road to Serfdom: Why Passive Investing Is Worse Than Marxism.” The paper was inspired by index funds, which eliminate human judgment by simply following the market as a whole, but was such a vigorous defense of active, human investment management it got passed around, and talked about, in a frenzy of robot panic. As Bloomberg View’s Matt Levine very memorably sketched out, the threat from robo-trading is to more than just financial services as an employment class. “One broadly plausible thing to expect is that, in that long run, the robots will be better at this than the humans,” he wrote. “Another broadly plausible thing to expect is that, in the long run, robots will keep getting better at it.” Then, after many charming caveats, Levine proposed a truly staggering hypothetical: What if a single robot intelligence could, over time, crowd out not just human traders but all the other AIs too — machine-learning its way to better and better performance in something like the way Google became search in the mid-aughts (by mostly out-algorithming all the WebCrawlers and Yahoos). “Eventually the best robot will predictably and repeatedly outperform the second-best robot, so why would you invest with the second-best robot?” Levine asked. The result: a market taken over by a single robot. But if an exchange could truly be animated not by the messy, uncoordinated behavior of countless self-interested individuals but by the single AI that Levine called “Best Capital Allocating Robot” — at that point, do we have a market anymore? If the Best Allocating Robot is buying, who would the sellers be? And if there were still suckers around, do you call a robot exploiting them “capitalism”? It smells a bit like state command-and-control, only much more efficient at allocating resources than the Soviets ever managed.
Young may not live to see the full revolution: One recent report suggested “hybrid” robo-advisers (algorithms overseen by humans) would manage only 10 percent of global capital by 2025; “pure” robo-advisers would manage only 1.6 percent. But there’s still plenty of money to make, Young believes, pushing the revolution along — an ultimate-outsider activist-investor trying to put the business of human investing out of business (and having done so mostly during his shift-work off-shifts). “Thank God for my boss,” he says. “He was able to give me a week off so I could plan everything out going forward here. That’s what he wanted me to do. He said, ‘Always follow your passion.’ So that’s what this week is about for me — the purpose of this week is getting Och-Ziff on the right page.”
Michael Young loves the Medallion Fund, and he sees a lot of upside in a market run by robots — both for bankers and the rest of us. (Talking about it, he sounds like many in Silicon Valley who believe that, thanks to their work, something like John Maynard Keynes’s promise of a 15-hour workweek is, finally, just around the corner.) “If we go to Wall Street — or any firm — and say, ‘Raise your hand if you’re really doing what you wanted to do when you were 18 …” Young says. “I know ambitions evolve. But you need to have some money in the bank if you want to go to Europe and try out the best teas or visit the best coffee shops. That’s why we need a system where your income is being generated and you don’t have to worry about the betting aspect or your investments going to zero.”
Which means it’s not so hard to imagine a day when we’ll stop being seduced by the human salesmanship of “active” investors and maybe even realize that, when you think about it, robo-trading isn’t “passive” at all. It’s software making the same analytical decisions humans do — only, possibly, better. (To take one example, Bloomberg reports that Renaissance Technologies’ Medallion Fund, working originally with a much cruder technology, delivered an average annual return of 71.8 percent from 1994 to 2014.)
Working the phones, he says, has proved surprisingly productive. “I just ended up calling Mark McCombe — he’s the co-head of alternative investments at BlackRock.” (That’s the biggest asset manager on the planet.) “I don’t know if it was by luck or by chance that I got him. I was expecting maybe his assistant, but he picked up the phone directly. I think he was on his way out of the office, but I mentioned what we were trying to do and how BlackRock can help Och-Ziff.” McCombe’s office denies the conversation took place, but in Young’s telling, he expressed hope that BlackRock’s size might get Och-Ziff’s attention. “Och-Ziff is so big, and they need help turning that big truck around,” he says. “It’s a lot harder to turn a big truck versus a Toyota. You need a little more guidance. Because sometimes you can be so tuned into your own business it’s like being in your house with the TV on — you don’t realize what’s going on in the outside world. Sometimes that can happen.”
Last week, Georgia mother Cantenecia Stokes discovered her 11-year-old son hanging from a rope in his bedroom closet. The child had apparently been attempting to imitate a stunt he saw online, in which YouTuber’s feign hanging themselves as a “prank.” Her son died four days later.
Is there any particular depth of cluelessness to which Reddit’s “Legal Advice” subreddit has not descended? Take today’s example: the redditor who’s told by a neighbor that she’s married, and then wonders if he should have her committed to a mental institution when he sees no evidence of a husband.
In downtown St. Louis this morning, authorities were dispatched to investigate a suspicious package left unattended near City Hall. Thanks to the advances of modern technology, a bomb-disposal robot was also sent to take a look at the potentially malicious item.
The robot was soon righted, and police cleared the scene, having found no threats. The bomb robot, which does not feel, tried its best.
But even with advanced engineering and complex algorithms powering its strong metal arms and reinforced body, the bomb robot was no match for the cold, cruel world that we inhabit.
Stokes told WSB-TV that her other children said her son had gotten the idea online. (The boy’s three siblings watched as he attempted the “prank” while their mother made breakfast, WSB-TV also reports.) While it’s not clear if a specific video motivated the boy, a quick YouTube search turns up several examples of graphic and disturbing hanging “prank videos.” As an example: “Suicide by Hanging Prank on Mom! (April Fools Prank)” has been viewed nearly a quarter of a million times. (Not to mention, YouTube’s history of inspiring kids to attempt potentially dangerous stunts, like last winter’s “Duct Tape Challenge,” which left a Washington teen with a brain aneurysm and blind in one eye.)
When the boy’s siblings realized he wasn’t breathing, they quickly informed Stokes, but it was already too late. “He panicked and he was trying to take himself out and he didn’t know if you pull you’re only worsening, it’s tightening,” Stokes said.
“I’m a go getter, I wake up at dawn and race to the office before donuts are gone,” reads a recent work from Samantha Jayne, the artist and poet behind @QuarterLifePoetry. Follow along to see what a quarter-lifer’s little struggles (the 9-to-5 grind, grocery shopping, getting ghosted, student debt) sound like in rhyming verse.
Caroline Goldfarb, the genius behind @OfficialSeanPenn, once told me her account is “like if Us Weekly and Lisa Frank got together and had a stoned, horny baby.” And in a world where so many meme-based Instagram accounts just steal content, Goldfarb’s work is pleasantly original, if a little irreverent.
A fun combination of Philosophy and Art History 101 classes, @TextsFromYourExistentialist pairs classic paintings with text-message bubbles filled with deep questions and musings about the meaning of life here on Earth. The results are fun, sad, slightly pretentious, and will remind you of that Nietzsche-obsessed guy or gal you once dated, who you met at the coffee cart between Philosophy and Art History 101 classes.
Kids say the darndest things. Also the funniest. And also the weirdest. @LiveFromSnacktime rounds up quotes from small humans and posts them on Instagram with stock photos of toddlers and food. (Four-year-olds, babies, onion rings. What is not to like?) If you have a kid, you can submit the humorous things they say here and have your progeny turned into a meme for all the world to see. (As with most things on the internet, take these all with a grain of salt since many are anonymous.)
Artist Josh Hara turns coffee cups into works of art, complete with plenty of puns and jokes and the occasional serious statement. The cups are usually timely, with Hara taking inspiration from very important current events.(Like the arrival of pumpkin-spice-latte season, a seasonal moment of extreme gravity.)
Starring a skeleton (like the one from your eighth-grade biology classroom) named Skellie (-10 points for the name, but don’t hold it against the account as a whole), @OMGLiterallyDead’s day-to-day life looks a lot like yours. If you didn’t have flesh.
If you’ve never looked closely at Google Maps, you might not know that it turns out the world is a pretty sad place. Geographically speaking, that is. This account posts screenshots of maps from the world’s most depressing locations, from “Agony Island” to “Why Me Lord Lane.”
A bit of a niche account, but even if you’re not a fan of the classic American crime drama Murder, She Wrote starring the one and only Angela Lansbury (but then again, why wouldn’t you be a fan of the classic American crime drama Murder, She Wrote starring the one and only Angela Lansbury) the heinous ‘90s styles and dramatic poses alone make @MurderSheLook worth the follow.
Do you miss the days when Seinfeld was on the air? (If yes, I’d like to thank you, Dad, for reading this post.) Well, it’s not. Sorry. But if you’d like to see one man’s twisted take on what the show might look like in this century, follow @Seinfeld2000. Sample posts include Angelina Jolie Photoshopped into a car, with George and Jerry sprinting in the women’s 400-meter Olympic final.
This account runs on submissions from all over the world featuring men looking, you guessed it, miserable, in shopping malls and department stores. Come for the images of lots of dudes looking truly unhappy, stay for the realization that mall couches everywhere look the damn same.
Have you seen a Meryl Streep movie? Of course you have. (And unless it was 2008’s truly terrible Mamma Mia!, you probably liked it, too. ) Have you eaten food? Of course you have. That’s pretty much all there is to this Instagram account. Meryl Streep Photoshopped into food. Meryl in a cannoli. Meryl in a taco. Meryl in a raw steak. You get the idea.
Illustrator Sarah Andersen’s Instagram account features simple black-and-white cartoon strips. Her characters feel familiar (e.g., that one friend of yours who wants a medal for refusing to eat anything that isn’t organic) and make for great, darkly funny interjections into your Instagram feed to break up the monotony of every single one of your friend’s Instagramming pictures of that really good sunset last night. (We get it. The sky was colorful.)
Another one of those this is a kinda a bummer, but I’m laughing through my pain types of accounts, @SadAnimalFacts features simple animal doodles done by artist and writer Brooke Barker paired with downer tidbits of information about said animal. Did you know that mice can tell when other mice are sad and then they start to feel sad, too? Are you also sad now?
A simple premise: cats lolling around on piles of money. Follow if you like cats. Follow if you like money. Follow if you’d like to know what it feels like to see a domesticated animal lazing on top of more cash than you probably took home in your paycheck this month. Or year.
Like those classic, black-framed motivational posters that say things like “COURAGE” and “TEAMWORK,” if those posters were actually honest. @Unspirational’s posts are a little bit more realistic when it comes to life and motivation.
Classic art paired with modern lyrics, you’ve probably seen somebody wearing Fly Art on a T-shirt at some point. (“I woke up like this” printed in white font over Botticelli’s “The Birth of Venus.”) If you enjoyed that interaction, follow this Instagram account for more of the same. Cheeky and educational!
Today, Wired published an article by Andy Greenberg that profiles Jigsaw, a small but ambitious new Google subsidiary. In part, Jigsaw focuses on making the internet better and safer for people living under oppressive regimes — delivering them anti-censorship workarounds, for example, and making it easier for them to mask their real-life identities.
As Greenberg writes, this part of Jigsaw’s agenda rests on some exciting-seeming new technology:
In addition to its antiauthoritarianism work, Jigsaw has also taken an interest in fighting online harassment, and that’s where things get a little sticky.
Notably, and admirably, Jigsaw makes a point of getting its employees in touch with actual human beings who live in affected parts of the world, and plans on flying employees out to these regions to learn more about the needs of their populations. That’s in large part due to the company’s founder and president, Jared Cohen. During a Rhodes scholarship in the early 2000s, Cohen spent a great deal of time traveling around Iran, Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq, developing a deep attachment to the Middle East and a strong belief that technology can help improve people’s lives there. He went on to work for the State Department, carving out an influential role as a tech-oriented wunderkind before leaving to work at Google.
Google says Conversation AI has been delivering some impressive results. “Feed a string of text into its Wikipedia harassment-detection engine,” writes Greenberg, “and it can, with what Google describes as more than 92 percent certainty and a 10 percent false-positive rate, come up with a judgment that matches a human test panel as to whether that line represents an attack.”
But let’s go ahead and assume the technology will, in the long run, work as advertised — Google says it’s relying on machine-learning algorithms that are designed to slowly improve the software’s accuracy. Do we want this? Do we want a Google or a Twitter or a Facebook to have access to such powerful tools? Greenberg raises one potent potential objection: “Throwing out well-intentioned speech that resembles harassment could be a blow to exactly the open civil society Jigsaw has vowed to protect.” In other words, let’s say I’m furious at my repressive government, express that sentiment, and get censored by an algorithm trying to keep everything civil. That wouldn’t be good.
You’re not the mouse, though! In any meaningful feline/rodent schematic of humanity, you’re one of the cats, because you work for one of the most powerful companies in the world. The problem is that because of where we are in the conversation about online harassment, cats can claim to be mice. That is, because online harassment is so explicitly awful and such a searing topic at the moment, it’s very hard to critique individual solutions, even despite the fact that history is replete with “solutions” to urgent problems that end up having a net-negative effect on the world by introducing so many new problems. When we’re panicking about something — and it can simultaneously be true that online harassment is serious and that we’re in a panic about it — the critical parts of our brain tend to get flipped temporarily off. A huge juggernaut of a company developing powerful new censorship technology? Hey, at least they’re fighting harassment.
Obviously, if a repressive government or, say, the Koch brothers were working on this sort of technology, it would attract a lot of arched eyebrows; people would find it creepy, would harp on the potential for abuse and endless false positives. Will Conversation AI attract this much scrutiny? Probably not. And the reason why is nicely summed up by one of Cohen’s quotes. “It’s hard for me to imagine a world where there’s not a continued cat-and-mouse game,” he tells Greenberg, referring to the broader good-vs.-evil fight in the online world. “But over time, the mouse might just become bigger than the cat.”
And maybe that’s all this is for now — maybe Google is simply trying to make money (no one involved denies profit is the goal) by developing anti-harassment services. But given the company’s power and profits — given the fact that it can change how hundreds of millions of people view the world by ticking some random variable up from X = .00000001 to X = .00000002 — everyone should embrace a very, very high burden of proof when the company claims to be trying to do good. Being on the right side of the harassment fight shouldn’t be enough.
It isn’t hard to come up with a hundred other potential problems with letting software run by a powerful organization — whether Google or someone else who adapts the technology for their own use — make these sorts of decisions. It’s worth pointing out that the two harassment victims highlighted in the article, Jeong and Sady Doyle, both express serious qualms to Greenberg about Jigsaw’s approach, despite having been the recipients of countless rape and death threats. “These are human interactions,” says Jeong, meaning you wouldn’t want to give an algorithm like this too much power. But while Jigsaw’s employees do give lip service to the idea of a human moderator always being in the loop, you don’t develop something like Conversation AI because you’re hoping to keep humans around in the long run — you develop it to reduce human labor costs and involvement in the herculean task of overseeing online cacophonies.
Whether or not that sentence is true in some very strict sense, it is a bullshit claim, as any moderately seasoned tech reporter can attest — we are nowhere near the point where this sort of sentiment analysis is ready for prime time. Luckily, Greenberg isn’t a rube, and he puts the tech through its paces rather than accept Google’s claims at face value. The results are troubling. When he types “I shit you not,” the algorithm spits out an offensiveness rating of 98 out of 100, “you suck all the fun out of life” gets a 98, and “you are a troll” a 93. Calling someone is a moron gets you a 99; the explicit threat Motherboard reporter Sarah Jeong received during a prolonged harassment episode detailed by Greenberg, “I’m going to rip each one of her hairs out and twist her tits clear off,” gets a 10.
The original post has since been pulled, but you can still see some of the comments archived on Reddit. Throwaway72626282 later claimed to be a “retired teacher and grandmother of 3” and “not a creep.” (I don’t know about you, but my grandmother loves to hang out on internet chat threads and seek legal advice from strangers.)
Filed under /r/legaladvice, the poster (whose handle Throwaway72626282 doesn’t seem at all suspicious) asks their fellow redditors if they could call Adult Protective Services or have her “baker acted,” or involuntarily committed to a mental institution for being a threat to herself. According to Throwaway72626282, the woman said she has a husband, but the redditor has never seen him and couldn’t find any references to him online either. The redditor even checked her tax returns. (But, remember, the woman is the one whose sanity is in question here. Not the redditor.)
All this seems very legitimate and not at all like a man who might have been slightly put off when his neighbor told him she was “married.”
Welcome to New York. It’s been waiting for you. And by “it,” I mean cockroaches, bedbugs, 6-train cars with broken air conditioners, and that guy dressed as an off-brand Tickle Me Elmo in Times Square leering at you. There’s a lot to be truly terrified of in this city.
Sparking a trend, the original tweet has inspired others to chime in with their own lists of NYC fears. (Keep in mind most of these people also work in media, so they make up something of a skewed cross-section of the city’s residents. Still, it seems safe to say that nobody wants to be crushed by an air conditioner.)
If you live here in New York, make your own list. It’s fun. All five of my fears involve my landlord realizing the many ways I’ve violated my lease and then making me pay for them. That and the Second Avenue subway actually opening up, making my apartment’s location suddenly convenient and subsequently causing my rent to spike. (Though I think I’d file that somewhere around No. 1,564 on my list. Right after ISIS.)
Following the Chelsea bombing that occurred over the weekend, there was lots of talk online about how many New Yorkers weren’t fazed or scared by the incident and the potential groups or motives behind it. To which, Twitter user @BobbyBigWheel (known in the real world as Robert Wheel) started a running list of the things one actually has to fear in New York. Ranked number one: getting pushed onto the subway tracks. No. 8: finding out your neighbor has bedbugs. No. 1,563: ISIS.
For many women, pretending to have a boyfriend or a husband is an easy out of a conversation with a man who just can’t take a hint and hit the road. With those dudes, the tried and true (and definitely problematic) “Oh, I actually have a boyfriend” line usually does the trick, and can be a face-saving way for everyone involved to back out of an unwanted interaction. Unfortunately, the memo about “I have a boyfriend” doesn’t seem to have reached certain parts of Florida.
(Standard caveats to all Reddit posts apply: This could be a really elaborate prank intended to make redditors look like clueless obsessives. No, really.)
iOS 10 is out, and while that means several genuinely cool new features, it also means relearning a bunch of small gestures that had become second nature in iOS 9 — for example, there’s no swiping up from the lock screen to get to the camera. Luckily, for nearly every “missing” feature, there’s a new (and often better) replacement. So, here’s what you’ll need to adjust to as you get into iOS 10.
iOS 9 feature: Press the power button to wake your phone.iOS 10 replacement: Just pick your phone up.
iOS 9 feature: Control your music from the bottom drawer.iOS 10 replacement: Swipe right from the drawer to get to your music controls.
You can still press the power button to turn on your screen, of course, but Apple has added a feature, “Rise to Wake,” that will bring you to the lock screen on your phone if you pick it up off a table or lift it out of your pocket. If you’re like me, this will at first result in a lot of picking up your phone, hitting the “wake” button on the right side of the phone, and actually putting the phone to sleep again because it’s already up and at ‘em. The muscle memory may be strong, but resist the urge. If you don’t think you can learn new tricks, you can always turn the feature off by going to Settings > Display & Brightness and setting “Rise to Wake” off.
iOS 9 feature: Rest your finger on the home button to unlock and open the phone at the same time.iOS 10 replacement: Turn on “Rest Finger to Open” in accessibility.
In iOS 9, simply placing your finger on the home button was enough to both unlock and open the phone at once. This was convenient, but it made it easy to simply breeze through to your home screen and miss the notification waiting on your home screen — which Apple hopes more and more that you’ll use before even needing to jump into your actual apps. To that end, by default in iOS 10, resting your thumb against the home button will unlock the phone (allowing you to interact with notifications), but won’t get you to the home screen — for that, you’ll need to either click down, or “click” down on the iPhone 7. If you want to return to a world where a simple fingerprint ID will get you directly to your home screen, with no pesky “pushing,” go to Settings > General > Accessibility > Home Button, and turn on “Rest Finger to Open.”
Need to pause a song, or get something playing again? While you used to be able to do this from the default bottom drawer, there’s now an extra step: Swipe up from the button to get to your drawer, then swipe right to get to your music controls. (Why the second screen? The new drawer does contain the Night Shift toggle, but beyond that, your guess is as good as mine.) These controls will work across all music (and many video) apps, whether it’s Apple’s own music app or something like Spotify or Stitcher.
iOS 9 feature: Swipe up from the lock-screen corner to get to your camera.iOS 10 replacement: Swipe left from anywhere on the lock screen to get to your camera.
For anyone who takes a lot of photos on the fly with their iPhone, it’s probably become muscle memory to flick up to get to the camera app on their phone. In iOS 10, flicking upward from the lock screen will raise your drawer (a.k.a. the basic control panel) — you can adjust brightness, turn Wi-Fi or Bluetooth on and off, and so on — but no camera. Don’t worry, though: In iOS 10, swipe left from anywhere on the lock screen, and you’ll get the camera ready. Press the home button to return to the lock screen.
Last week, Apple introduced iOS 10 on mobile devices. (TL;DR: new emoji, new Apple Music, and new iMessage features you can use to annoy your friends.) Today, it’s time for your Mac to get its own update; the company is releasing a new operating system, macOS Sierra, later today. (The nomenclature here is new, moving away from Apple’s previous naming system, i.e., “OS X.”) But what does “macOS” do … for you? Here are seven things you can look forward to.
Now, Apple’s dulcet-toned personal assistant will be available on your Mac. Just like Siri on your phone, you’ll be able to use her to give orders and ask important questions. (Siri, why does everyone I love leave me?) Siri will also be able to pull up files, play music on command, and there is a handy new feature that lets you save Siri’s answers to your notification center so you don’t have to keep asking the same question over and over when you inevitably forget what 1,984 divided by 12 is.
Apple Pay is now compatible with your Mac, but you’ll also need to own an Apple Watch or an iPhone to use it. If that describes you, when shopping on websites that allow customers to check out with Apple Pay select the “Apple Pay” option. You’ll see a notification for verification pop up on your Apple Watch or iPhone. Follow the instructions to complete your purchase without ever tracking down your credit card or trying to remember those three numbers from the back of it.
If y0u are running low on storage space (and are getting fed up with constantly snoozing the “Your startup disc is almost full” notification) this new feature should make things easier. Sierra comes with a built-in program to delete unnecessary items clogging up your computer and to move other items off your device and into the cloud.
MacOS Sierra comes with a new picture-in-picture feature (you know, like the PIP button on your old TV remote) that lets you watch videos while you attempt to get actual work done on your Mac. The feature currently works with videos in both Safari (YouTube videos aren’t supported yet) and iTunes, so just cue up what you want to watch, press play, and go. (The PIP player has limited controls, so if you want to rewind or fast-forward, you’ll have to go back to the video’s original platform.)
If you’ve got a Mac from 2012 or later and an iPhone running iOS 10, you’re in business. Just copy text on one device and then you’ll be able to paste it onto another. (Reminder: This only works for the most recent thing you’ve copied.)
We here at Select All, however, are concerned with loftier things than the news outlets Kanye reads. No, we care about the important things: Which apps does Kanye use?! Here’s what we could make out.
Top row: Messages, Photos, Camera, SettingsSecond row: Clock, Calendar, Notes, [blocked by thumb]Third row: FaceTime, Facebook (?), [blocked by thumb], [blocked by thumb]Fourth row: Snapchat, Tumblr, Twitter, InstagramFifth row: Voice Memos, unknown, unknown, unknwonSixth row: unknown, Daily Mail, unknown (blank space?), unknownTray: Phone, Safari, Mail, Music
This past weekend, rapper and fashion designer Kanye West made the mistake of leaving his phone unlocked. Never one to miss the small details, the British tabloid Daily Mail devoted an entire article to bragging about how Kanye uses its app (which makes sense, given how obsessively the Mail covers his wife, Kim Kardashian, and their extended family).
What can we learn? Well, assuming he’s actually using those apps, Kanye has secret Snapchat and Tumblr accounts. (He joined Instagram earlier this week.) And while he doesn’t have his wife’s Kimoji app, it’s also worth noting that he’s using a LuMee case endorsed by his wife and his wallpaper is a picture of them. That’s nice!
Anyway, Kanye should swap out the default apps in his tray for the ones he uses most. That’s my advice. It’s just more efficient. Oh, my other piece of advice is to download an app called Ham Horn.
Messages got a major facelift in iOS 10 and now you can get in on some of the fun with your Mac. While not all of the new features are supported, Sierra will show rich-text links, inline video, giant emoji messages, and a new tap-back feature which lets you respond to a message by, yes, tapping on preset options like a heart or a thumbs-up.
Apple’s latest update makes it easier to scan your photos for specific places and people with its new intelligent-search feature. Your Mac will now be able to analyze images, tag specific places, people, and landmarks, and turn them into auto-generated albums and even mini movies.
Editor’s note: Following the breaking news that A-list power couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are divorcing, Select All’s staff was ordered to find “the tech angle” on the news, just as we had previously done for Kanye West’s fashion show. “The tech angle,” as it’s called by journalists — like ourselves — working at the intersection of technology and culture, is the often-strained attempt to find a “tech” aspect to popular news stories. Here are our angles:
Love being a Comcast customer? Want to really deepen that relationship? You’ll soon be able to, thanks to its plan to launch a mobile-virtual-network-operator (MVNO) cell service in conjunction with Verizon.
It’s also unclear whether this service would be available nationwide, or only in cities where Comcast is available. Would New Yorkers, where Time Warner Cable (er, Charter Communications) is the dominant provider of internet and cable service, even have a chance to try out Comcast’s wireless plan?
The service, as yet unnamed, will debut sometime in mid-2017, and was announced at the Goldman Sachs Communacopia conference in New York this morning. Customers would have access to all Comcast’s Wi-Fi hotspots — including hopping on Comcast customers’ home Wi-Fi connections, thanks to new routers Comcast has been installing in homes that allow them to act as both a home Wi-Fi network and a public hotspot. When not on Wi-Fi, customers would use Verizon’s national network.
Still, while there’s a lot of unknowns, it does show that MVNOs are picking up steam. And every new entrant into the space means more competition for traditional cell carriers — which ultimately benefits cell-phone users.
Neither Comcast nor Verizon is known for being either particularly cheap or particularly good at customer service (though Comcast did recently break its 13-year-long streak of being the worst- or second-worst-ranked company when it comes to customer satisfaction). It will be interesting to see how Comcast positions its new service. It could be simplicity: Why pay two bills for internet and cable and another for cell-phone service when it could all be wrapped up in one? Or it could be more luxe version of most MVNOs — Verizon still has the largest coverage area, and access to all Comcast hotspots is attractive; in cities where Comcast is the largest provider, you’d rarely be far from a hotspot.
MVNOs have become more popular recently, thanks to efforts like Project Fi and Republic Wireless, which lean heavily on Wi-Fi when possible, and switch between carriers when not on Wi-Fi for cell and data signals. Both distinguish themselves by being remarkably cheap — Republic Wireless plans start at $15 per month, and my Project Fi bill is about $40 per month. In addition, Republic Wireless and especially Project Fi have great customer service — I can get an actual human being on the phone almost instantly on Project Fi.
This one’s just a li’l tech joke for all of the techies out there. Operating-system fragmentation is an issue in which multiple devices in the same ecosystem are using different versions of their software. For mobile devices, this has been a severe problem for Android, because unlike Apple, Google only controls the software, not the hardware. It means that there are a large number of slightly and significantly differing software versions out there, making universal compatibility all but impossible. Anyway, what if that same concept was applied to Brangelina? Again, I want to apologize for this blog post.
Theory: What if Angelina and Brad are splitting … because they’re both in love with their phones.
This would potentially have tied in with this week’s New York cover story.
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt Fork Main Branch
“If they had Snapchatted more, would they still be together?”
This was an interesting question proposed by my colleague Jake. It has been said (by me, just now) that 86 percent of all new couples meet while taking selfies together with the Snapchat dog filter. Could the brown dog and the dalmatian Snapchat filter have saved their marriage? It’s not entirely out of the question.
Okay, this one is a Git joke. Git is a popular version-control software. When someone wants to build a different version of a program (maybe to test new features or changes) they can do so by “forking” the code repository, meaning that they split the project into alternate versions.
Brangelina OS Fragmentation a Growing Problem
Like the iPhone 7, Angelina Jolie Ditches Significant Component
Apple’s newest mobile device, the iPhone 7, has one big change: It doesn’t have a headphone jack! Unthinkable. How could Apple just leave the headphone jack in the dust? They’re practically inseparable. How on Earth can it function without one of its most important parts? Now ask yourself: am I talking about the iPhone … or Angelina Jolie? (Whoa.)
I Searched “Save Marriage” on the App Store and Here’s What Came Up
I found a bunch of apps that cost a buck or two with advice on how to save a marriage or deal with divorce, and also a bunch of apps for coupons.
Some Security Measures for Brad Pitt
The New York Post reported shortly after the news broke that Brad Pitt had allegedly cheated on Jolie with French actress Marion Cotillard. Jolie reportedly had private eyes tail Pitt, but we don’t know that for sure. It’s possible that Pitt left his phone unlocked, leaving his illicit sexts unguarded. We would have recommended that Pitt activate a passcode or some sort of biometric authentication, like Touch ID or facial recognition. We would have also recommended an ephemeral messaging service like Snapchat.
Or maybe, equally likely, Jolie was intercepting his emails using an NSA-like dragnet, harvesting his personal data, and using clues in message contents and metadata to track his whereabouts. In this case, our piece would have taught Brad Pitt how to set up PGP encryption, or at least turn on end-to-end encryption for his preferred messaging service.
All of these ideas were terrible, and, thankfully, they will never see the light of day.
Back when Irene Liao was in the third grade, she was completely struck by a Gatorade commercial. But not just any old commercial where electric-green sweat drips down some guy’s face; this one starred none other than basketball legend Michael Jordan. The image stuck with Liao, so much so that she spent a month that year carrying around a life-size cutout of MJ everywhere she went.
“One day after class, I walked into a Nike store with some of my friends and I saw the cardboard cut out of him,” Liao, who was an 8-year-old student at an international school in Taiwan at the time, told me via Twitter DM. “I asked how much he was and ended up paying 200 NT$ (about six US dollars) and dragged him out.” From there, Jordan and Liao went everywhere together. Now a 20-year-old college student, Liao recently shared several photos of her month with MJ on Twitter.
“It was one of the first few months of school and I remember dragging him into my gym class and everyone thought I was so cool,” Liao said. The cutout went to school, rode the train, and attended piano lessons with her. “I think I wrote a song for him,” she said. “Whenever my teachers asked me to choose a partner in class, I would be like MJ is my partner. SMH.”
Unfortunately, their time together was cut short. “My teachers sent home a note to my parents and were like this is such an unhealthy phase.” Liao’s parents promised to buy her a poster of Michael Jordan if she relinquished the cutout. She did, but says when they went back to the store, none of the posters featured MJ and she moved on with her life. Since then, Liao seems to have managed just fine without him. (No word from Jordan on how he’s been doing over the past 12 years, but we’re assuming he’s been fine.) Still, she’s on the hunt for a new version to cart around. “Honestly, if I can find another MJ cardboard cut out I’ll bring him around to my classes [at college].”
In case your Tinder profile is lacking in pizzazz (read: you describe yourself as “fluent in sarcasm” or your profile picture features you holding a fish you just caught), the dating app announced today that users will soon be able to sync their profiles with Spotify. Now, Tinder users can swipe based on people’s music preferences.
Climbing walls are fun and all, but you know what’s significantly more fun? Video games. Unfortunately, most video games aren’t great exercise. That’s where the Augmented Climbing Wall comes in. It’s branded as the “first global gaming platform for climbing walls,” and whether or not that’s true, video footage of it has been watched over 24 million times on Facebook.
Tinder users will be able to see the top songs of potential matches before swiping. (Bumble introduced a similar partnership with Spotify over the summer.) And, Tinder explained in a blog post, “if you have your Spotify account connected, you’ll see the artists you have in common with each person.” You’ll also be able to select an “anthem” to display on your profile. (Pro tip: You can never go wrong with Annie Lennox singing “Into the West” from 2003’s The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Who could possibly swipe left on that.)
Alternatively, you can opt out of this fun new feature and keep swiping the old-fashioned way: based solely on the emoji in someone’s bio. And also how hot they are.
North Korea is notoriously controlling about what happens online and which websites its citizens can access. (Unless you happen to be a YouTuber who thinks the country is just misunderstood. Then the internet is your propagandistic oyster.) But on Tuesday night, the rest of the world got a glimpse into the North Korea Wide Web, after the websites hosted on the nation’s servers were suddenly made public. All 28 of them.
The glitch was spotted by programmer Matthew Bryant, who shared all the technical information discovered during the breach, on GitHub. “On Sept 19, 2016 at approximately 10:00PM (PDT), one of North Korea’s top level nameservers was accidentally configured to allow global DNS zone transfers,” Bryant explains.
As for the 28 websites themselves, a new Reddit thread has popped up explaining each site. The list includes an airline-ticketing site; a cooking site for recipes; some sort of social network called “Friend”; an education site; a site called “National Unity” (you figure that one out); an insurance site; a tourism board; a charity site for North Korea’s elderly; and several news sites, including the Korean Central News Agency, the one site that is always accessible to those outside of North Korea. Not all of the websites hosted on North Korean servers are currently loading, so it’s still unclear if all 28 of the .kp sites have been locked up again. (Thank you mystery Imgur user for the screenshots that will live on in perpetuity.)
It’s unclear whether the incident was intentional or whether someone over in North Korea needs to change their passwords. (Wouldn’t be the first time. Remember when that North Korean Facebook clone got hacked by a teen because its password was “password.” Good stuff.)
Here’s how clickers work: There is a counter that increments at a regular interval. At the start of the game, it increments slowly — you are automatically accruing currency. You can then spend this in-game currency on things that bolster that counter, so it increases at a faster rate. Maybe instead of one unit per second, it goes up to 100 or 1,000 units per second. Then you go back and spend those units on items that cause the counter rate to increase even further. When properly balanced, you can get stuck in this loop forever.
The thing I love about 10 Billion Wives is that it sounds absolutely insane when I try to explain it in words. In 10 Billion Wives, the unit of currency is Love. The player’s task is to marry many different wives — CEO Wife, Soldier Wife, International Wife — and level them up. You spend Love to increase the amount of Love that they themselves add to the counter. You can also buy them items that multiply their Love contribution exponentially. I’ve married all of the different wives (the final wife is called, no joke, the Wife of Wives), and I’m currently earning 70,428,556,800 Love Per Second.
I don’t like mobile games. They are rarely my preferred way to pass the time. They eat up battery, their control schemes are generally unwieldy, and they’re just not fun. I only play a few mobile games on my phone when I’m standing around, maybe just before meeting up with someone or waiting for the bus. 10 Billion Wives, however, is perfect. It’s just a thing you tap! It provides all of the tactile feel of tapping around an app without actually accomplishing anything important. Level up a wife, buy them presents, unlock a new wife. Rinse, repeat. It helps that the concept has clearly gotten — if not lost in translation — very scuffed at baggage claim.
Six months ago, I married my first wife. Then I married thousands more. As of today, I have married more than one quadrillion wives. That’s the idea behind the insidious, absurd app 10 Billion Wives and its sequel 10 Billion Husbands.
10 Billion Wives is just one of many games in the “clicker” genre. A clicker is essentially a game that plays itself. Maybe the most well-known is Cookie Clicker.
I unlocked all of the wives pretty quickly, so I was thrilled when I booted it up last week to discover that its sequel, 10 Billion Husbands, had come out over the summer. It’s even better, for reasons that have nothing to do with misogyny: The counter increments even when the app isn’t activated, which makes it easy to check in with whenever I’ve got time to kill (I had to leave Wives running overnight to gain enough Love for new wives). I haven’t married all of the husbands yet — a few faves: Sportman Husband, Mad Husband, Wild Husband (literally a gorilla) — but I’ve only got four left. What will happen after I’ve married all of the husbands? It’s anyone’s guess.
If you’re lucky enough to inhabit a corporeal form that operates at roughly the same temperature as your chosen partner’s, this is not a product for you. But for the rest of us (and we are many) it could mean an end to the seemingly endless battle for control of the thermostat. During nighttime hours, that is.
Apple, the company most famous for killing the headphone jack, is reportedly in talks to buy luxury automaker McLaren. According to the Financial Times, the talks involve either a complete takeover or a strategic investment (earlier this year, Apple invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-share company Didi Chuxing). McLaren is valued between roughly $1.3 billion and $1.9 billion. In a statement, McLaren denied the rumor (“We can confirm that McLaren is not in discussion with Apple in respect of any potential investment,”), but the FT’s Tim Bradshaw stands by his story.
But the exact scope of Apple’s plans for its secretive car program, which it has never publicly acknowledged, is still unclear (shocking, I know). Previous reports had indicated that Apple was researching manufacturing its own vehicles, though recent shifts in the division’s leadership indicate that the company is now more interested in “the underlying systems that would power a self-driving car,” according to FT’s sources. In other words, Apple wants to make the software (and some hardware) that powers autonomous vehicles — the core of the product — but doesn’t want to make the whole vehicle.
In that case, Apple doesn’t need the mass-production knowledge that a larger car company would bring it — it just needs smart engineers and technicians who can help it learn how to best integrate a carOS platform into other vehicles. Oh, and a nice, globally recognizable luxury trademark to go along with it. Like, say, McLaren.
Why Apple would buy McLaren seems both obvious and mysterious. Apple has long been rumored to be developing a car, and the purchase of McLaren would be a very quick — and given McLaren’s size and financial instability, cheap — way to add an enormous amount of automotive tech, engineering, and management expertise. But McLaren is small, and it notoriously makes each of its cars “by hand.” Of all the companies Apple could partner with, McLaren would bring the least logistical experience and knowledge in mass vehicle production.
As you may (or may not) remember, things like cell phones, computers, and video-game consoles were massive, clunky, and pretty technically unsophisticated when they first arrived on the market. But that didn’t stop people from getting super hyped about them. In the ads, that is.
A couple days ago, Donald Trump Jr., the elder Trump’s son and an ever-enthusiastic provocateur for his father’s campaign, tweeted this out:
It will not surprise you that people did not take kindly to the comparison. Quickly, the internet’s outrage machinery kicked into gear. Think pieces were published; tweets were tweeted; perhaps most interesting, the Intercept noted that the general expression Trump Jr. used dates back “at least to” Julius Streicher, the publisher of the notoriously anti-Semitic Der Stürmer newspaper, who was executed at Nuremberg for crimes against humanity, in 1946. Streicher, it turns out, made a pretty Trumpian statement about Jews in a children’s book he authored in 1938: “However they disguise themselves, or however friendly they try to be, affirming a thousand times their good intentions to us, one must not believe them. Jews they are and Jews they remain. For our Volk [people] they are poison.”
But wait! cried one corner of the internet. It’s hypocritical for liberals to get all lathered up about this, because online anti-rape activists, you see, used the exact same analogy. This is a reference to a graphic created by a comedian and Photoshop artist named Ben Greele back in 2014, during the aftermath of the Elliot Rodger shooting.
Checkmate, lieberals! Rekt. It’s such a powerful owning that Breitbart wrote it up triumphantly.
It’s all so dumb and exhausting, to be honest. When someone like Trump Jr. tweets something like this, we should be able to discuss the claim on its own, in the full light of context from which it arose (or, in this case, oozed). But “this other political group made a similar argument also involving candy” is, unfortunately, the level of intellectual firepower at which 2016 Twitter (and Breitbart) is operating.
Except no — that’s dumb and makes no sense. The only thing this proves is how idiotic and acontextual internet arguments have gotten.
Trump Jr.’s statement came in a very particular context. He was shilling for his dad, who has said certain things about Muslims: namely, that we should exclude all billion-plus of the Muslims outside the U.S. from entering the country until we “figure out” terrorism and, presumably, how to fix it. He’s also said that we should murder the families of people — in this context, Muslims — who are involved in terrorism. The main reason people are upset about the Skittles tweet, then, is that it seems geared at further dehumanizing a group that is, in the U.S., quite vulnerable, and which Trump the elder has gone out of his way to paint, en masse, as monstrous murderers.
Also: Maybe Greele’s analogy was dumb, too, in its own way and its own context! That’s also a possibility. He was responding to the claim that not all men are rapists, a statement which, while objectively true, had taken on a particular reactionary connotation at the time of his M&M’s visual. His rebuttal was … yeah, but some men are rapists, like cuz what about poison M&Ms. Neither the initial claim, that not all men are rapists, nor the rebuttal, that poison M&Ms would be a bummer, actually does much to advance any sort of actual argument or conversation about rape or rape culture or rape victims, or anything else. This is characteristic of these sorts of online culture-war skirmishes, which seem to degenerate very quickly into cacophonies of good-guys-versus-bad-guys cartoonish sloganeering. It’s generally not a good sign when statements that are totally true — most men don’t rape people, on the one hand; some men do rape women, on the other — are taken as powerful signals of your underlying political commitments, and can get you in internet-trouble with certain people just for uttering them.
“But Greele did it too!” is a dumb rejoinder because the context is entirely different. If Greele had a long history of advocating that men be robbed of their civil rights, or that the families of men who are accused of rape be drone-murdered, then yes, this would be an alarming pattern. But even then, no one in a position of power is openly trying to enact such an openly misandrist agenda. It isn’t a thing that exists. That’s why, setting aside questions about the accuracy of the metaphor, it’s perfectly reasonable to get more upset at the Trump Jr. tweet than the Greele image, in much the same way you might get more upset at a senator using a racial slur than a random homeless guy doing so. Greele was just saying that a small handful of men rape women, and that this (obviously) causes a great deal of worry and pain and trauma among their victims.
This week’s story from Andrew Sullivan, “I Used to Be a Human Being,” documented the writer’s struggles with his “distraction sickness” — the “endless bombardment of news and gossip and images” that turned him into a “manic information addict” — and his various attempts to wrest control of his life away from social media and 24-hour news. To preach the gospel of putting down your phone, Sullivan took over Select All’s Twitter on Tuesday to answer questions. Read on for more.
“What are the best strategies you’ve found for maintaining balance? You mention meditation, any other methods?”
“Where did you go on retreat in silence and how difficult was it?”
“Do you think this era of constant connection to media paved the way for the rise of Trump? Are people not paying attention?”
“What do you think it would take to finally teach media literacy in schools?”
“Why did you have to go cold turkey to get balance in your life? Why not restrict online hours?”
“Ask if he thinks he’ll ever restart his blog.”
“How does it feel to be the other Sully?”
“Is the irony of doing this Q&A through screens lost on you?”
“Do you have a favorite podcast? And where do you buy your books?”
“What’s the biggest benefit to quitting technological ‘distractions’?”
“Are Corbyn and Trump two sides of the same coin?”
“When/how can adults do something about it? Experts for years have advocated media lit?”
“Do you think Brad and Angelina would still be together if you hadn’t killed all those geese?”
“Are there any products out there that can help us disconnect? Wish list?”
“Sincere question: what’s it like to be so disliked?”
Starting this week, dating app Bumble (that’s the yellow one where women have to send the first message) wants to make all of its users prove they are exactly who they say they are … with selfies. And while it might sound like a ridiculously cutesy and very 2016 gimmick, Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe tells Select All she believes the new profile verification measure is going to help “encourage online accountability,” not to mention curb allegations that the app is padded with fake profiles. (Wolfe, for her part, says, “We’ve never created a fake profile and we’re not in the business of doing anything like that.” But still, rumors persist.)
Once the feature is rolled out, new users will be asked to verify themselves before they can start swiping. As for the process itself, users will be prompted by the app to submit a photo in a specific pose. (Wolfe explains Bumble has 100 different poses, like “holding up a peace sign and closing one eye.”) Once the selfie is submitted, a third-party moderation team will compare it to that user’s profile photos and verify the user if everything checks out.
This week marks more than 100 million female first chats on the app, Wolfe tells Select All, and the app is hoping to reach more than 10 million users by the end of the year even with the new verification requirement. “We’ve gotten a lot of pushback about losing users, but I’d rather have fewer users and be able to provide a safe and true experience for them,” Wolfe says. (An interesting perspective, given platforms like Twitter where anonymous abuse is a major issue that might be curbed by verifying all users instead of a select few.)
“The whole process is completely private between you and the moderator,” Wolfe explains. “Your photo will never be posted publicly and won’t be stored.” (The moderators consist of a 24-hour team of 4,000 people with a response time of about 40 seconds.) Verified users will have a special badge denoting their verification status on their profile, letting other users know they aren’t catfishing. And people found using fake photos will be banned from the platform (after being given a second chance to correct the issue). “It’s essentially like showing your ID at the counter when using your credit card,” Wolfe says of the new system.
And if you’re concerned this new change will screw up your chances of matching with someone masquerading as a sandwich, or Draco Malfoy, or the ghost of Ichabod Crane (people are weird, man), photo verification will be optional for existing users. So if you do match with a picture of a sandwich, keep in mind they’ll probably look a little different in person. Namely, like a human, not a sandwich.
Recode reports that Yahoo is getting ready to confirm a widespread security breach that compromised more than 200 million user accounts this summer, when a notorious hacker named Peace was trying to sell the credentials online for $1,800 (that’s it?). The package included user names, lightly encrypted passwords, and personal information such as dates of birth.
Confirmation of the breach — Yahoo said it was aware of Peace’s claims earlier this year but was investigating the matter — could not come at a worse time. The company is in the process of being acquired by Verizon for $4.8 billion, and the hack could be costly if government investigators and other legal action find the company at fault. Yahoo shareholders are reportedly worried that it could impact Verizon’s final purchase price.
As is now the routine, if you have a Yahoo account, you should change your passwords, if you haven’t already, and turn on two-factor authentication. Additionally, if your Yahoo password was the same password you use for other accounts, you should change those, too. And then you should try to figure out if there’s anything associated with your Yahoo account worth stealing.
Earlier today, Pottermore, J.K. Rowling’s ever-churning digital Harry Potter content mine, released a quiz that assigns you a patronus (a spell that takes the form of a spirit animal and keeps dementors from sucking your soul). It’s fun. Rowling’s patronus is a heron, which she seems pretty pleased with. (And anything is better than being assigned a dolphin, which everyone knows is the lamest of the patronuses.)
Since releasing the quiz, Twitter users, like Rowling, have been sharing their results online. Which means it was only a matter of time before the memes began. Humor website the Chive even created a Photoshopped version of the quiz assigning themselves a Harambe patronus, which Rowling retweeted.
But shortly after, Rowling followed up with a few tweets of her own to clear up some fan confusion and explain that Harambe isn’t a real patronus you can get on the Pottermore website. (“Real” here being a loosely used term.)
Wands out for Harambe, everyone.
The company did not provide much more information, other than saying that they’re forcing password resets on certain users and invalidating unencrypted security questions. They described the investigation as “ongoing,” and given that it allegedly involves state-sponsored actors, it’s likely that certain U.S. government bodies are looking into the breach as well.
According to executive Bob Lord, the company was infiltrated “in late 2014 by what it believes is a state-sponsored actor.” There are not many governments with the resources (or chutzpah) to go after a large U.S. business, so it seems fair to assume that we’re talking Russia or China. And the scale of the damage is larger than expected, too: While the early Recode report stated 200 million accounts were put in jeopardy, the actual official tally is closer to 500 million. Among the data stolen were “names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (the vast majority with bcrypt) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.”
Yahoo just confirmed what Kara Swisher reported this morning: Hundreds of millions of accounts with the email-and-search service were hacked sometime in 2014. And where it gets even more interesting is who Yahoo thinks is behind it.
The 500 million user accounts comprise roughly half of Yahoo’s user base, and even in a best-case scenario, many of those users will leave the service and shut down their accounts. That doesn’t bode well for a company hoping to sell itself to Verizon for $4.8 billion. (At the same time, a small sample tested by Motherboard showed that while some of the usernames corresponded to real accounts, others had been shut down or did not exist. It’s unclear precisely how many accounts belong to active users.)
Yahoo just confirmed that “information associated with at least 500 million user accounts (about half of the platform’s user base) was stolen” from the company in 2014, including “names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (the vast majority with bcrypt) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.” In plain English: If you have a Yahoo account, now is the time to change your password and notch up your security settings.
So, 200 million Yahoo email accounts got hacked, and they’re now up for sale for the price of $1,800. Which works out to each email account being worth about .000009 cents, or nine-millionth of a penny. The price demanded for info from widespread data breaches like this is usually pretty low, but this is rock-bottom pricing. In early September, info from 68.7 million Dropbox accounts was being sold for two bitcoins, or about $1,200, which works out to .000017 cents per account — about double what a Yahoo account can fetch. Your Yahoo ID is worth virtually nothing.
If one were feeling charitable, you might assume such an investigation might also explain why Yahoo didn’t publicly disclose the hack for two years.
When Twitter user @RodneyBlu woke up this morning, his Apple Music playlists were nowhere to be found. Hoping to fix the issue, Blu, a 25-year-old Texas man who works for a media company, contacted the company through its online customer-service chat portal. And what happened next was something of an emotional journey, documented by Blu via an excellent Twitter thread.
Blu he sent a message to Apple Music’s customer-service hotline, detailing several problems ranging from big to smaller. “I’m a fan of engaging people,” Blu said. “Sometimes I like to poke the bear.” Blu explained he wanted Ashlie to know he was “okay” given “the resurgence of instances of police brutality and the circumstances black people in America are currently in.” “I kind lumped it [his technical problem with Apple Music] in with all the other things that were aggravating me at 7 in the morning,” he said.
Ashlie, while polite, didn’t really address the larger issues Blu mentioned.
Finally, Ashlie determined she wouldn’t be able to find Blu’s missing playlists after all.
Enter Lauren.
“I did not imagine I would get a reaction from anyone to begin with,” Blu said. So when Lauren addressed his grievances head on, Blu said it “blew his mind” and even brought tears to his eyes. “What stood out the most about her response was that she stepped outside her occupational protocol to sooth my problems … for whatever reason what I said spoke to her and how she feels. I was struck by that.”
Following his conversation, Blu shared screenshots of the chat on both Twitter and Facebook where they have since been retweeted and shared by hundreds of people. Through Facebook, Blu says he was even able to connect with Lauren from Apple. “To put a face, a physical being to this experience really meant a lot to me,” Blu explained.
There’s a good chance that none of your information was exposed in the hack, but it’s best-security practice to change your password anyway — better safe than sorry. Yahoo agrees: Per a company statement this afternoon, Yahoo is recommending all users change their passwords. (Particularly looking at you here, Yahoo users who haven’t changed your passwords since 2014.)
Even if you don’t have Yahoo email, you may have a Yahoo account. Used Flickr in the last few years? Or drafted a Yahoo fantasy-football team? Then, yes, you have a Yahoo account. (Yahoo-owned Tumblr operates independently, but for safety’s sake you should update your information there, too.)
Good memes. Weird memes. Original memes. Slightly offensive memes. More than slightly offensive memes. Honestly, just a lot of memes.
1) Log into your Yahoo account and click your username in the upper right-hand corner.
2) Next, click “Account info.”
3) Then, on the left side of the screen, click “Account security.” From there, click “Change password” and follow the instructions. (Also, while you’re dealing with security features, go ahead and toggle on two-step verification.)
Yahoo now uses alternative verification methods (cell-phone numbers, alternate emails), so make sure those are up-to-date in case you ever get locked out of your account.
Finally, think about all your other passwords. Are any of them the same, or similar to, your old Yahoo password? Yes? Change those passwords too. And because life can never be easy: Are you using the same security questions at other websites as you were at Yahoo? Yahoo no longer uses security questions for password recovery, so you don’t need to change them there, but if you used identical questions and answers elsewhere on the web, you should change them.
Yahoo’s travails are such that you want to feel sorry for the company — once a pillar of the web, now fallen on unbelievably hard times. But you can’t stay with a company that doesn’t keep your data safe — and doesn’t tell you there’s been a breach for two years. And besides, you’re not really leaving all the way. If until now you’ve been using Yahoo as your primary email account, change your password, export your email, set up an auto-respond message to let people know you’re using a different account now, auto forward whatever comes in, and then delete everything. You now have a great dumpster. Time to fill it up.
To do this:
Yahoo mail has made strides recently, but the bottom line for email service providers is they don’t get hacked. This is a no-second-chances, no-excuses kind of rule. If you’re still using Yahoo mail as your main personal email account, this may be the nudge you needed to switch to Gmail. If you’re worried about missing anything vital from Yahoo, set up auto forward.
The only thing more exciting than getting packages in the mail is getting packages hand-delivered by small robots who travel in luxury minivans. Well, not hand-delivered; they don’t have hands. But they will, apparently, bring stuff to you. And you (probably) don’t have to tip them. We don’t know much about them really, but they look cool.
But here’s the thing: Even worthless things can still have a use. There’s one thing I keep a Yahoo email account for, and it’s something that doesn’t make me too worried about an Estonian teenager cracking into my account (though I did go and update my password today). It’s an old trick but a good one: I use Yahoo as a dumpster for spam and newsletters. Whenever I want to sign up for some garbage service, or enter a garbage contest, or just want to get at some piece of garbage (white papers being a prime example) — basically, anything that’s somehow gated by the need for a valid email address — I give them my Yahoo address instead of my personal or work addresses.
There used to be a good argument for keeping a Yahoo log-in and password around for the legendary photo-sharing site Flickr — but now that the excellent Google Photos is up and running, there’s no real reason to stick around. (Apologies to those still active in Flickr communities, but it’s not what it once was.)
If you’re into fantasy football and are stuck using Yahoo Fantasy Football, suffer through this season (especially if you drafted Adrian Peterson early) and then get everyone to move over to ESPN or CBS.
Tumblr may be owned by Yahoo, but it’s wisely kept its log-in separate from having a Yahoo ID.
If you are using Yahoo Answers, you are either a troll or are silently reading this sentence out loud to yourself, so I guess either way, enjoy yourself out there. Having a Yahoo ID otherwise is worthless.
Artist Liana Finck’s cartoons are simple and entertaining. Hand-drawn with a pen on lined paper, they’re sort of like what your high-school notebook doodles might have looked like. If you were a talented artist and actually funny. (Both of these describe Finck.)
And why shouldn’t it be?
When I check in to my Yahoo mail, usually just to grab a verification code, there are mounds of newsletters and offers and one-time deals waiting for me in the special Yahoo-branded dumpster I’ve carted into my virtual back alley. I’m still able to access the services and websites I want to use, and my personal email remains (relatively) free of pleading, hectoring, and otherwise irritating emails. Perhaps if someone was especially interested in me, they could sift their way through all that garbage and social engineer their way into things I actually do care about — but I’ve been using the password manager LastPass on anything I care about since LinkedIn spread my info around, and feel pretty secure that nobody’s getting in. (Note to Estonian teenagers: Please don’t hack me.)
And where’s that money going? This evening, the Daily Beast reports that Luckey is funding Nimble America, “a social welfare 501(c)(4) nonprofit dedicated to shitposting in real life” that supports Donald Trump for president. It is responsible for, among other things, a digital billboard outside Pittsburgh that depicts Hillary Clinton as “too big to jail.”
From the Daily Beast:
In 2014, Facebook purchased Oculus, the much-buzzed-about virtual-reality company that makes the Oculus Rift, for $2 billion dollars. The deal made its founder, then–22-year-old Palmer Luckey, incredibly rich. Forbes currently estimates his net worth at $700 million.
Luckey, who posted on the subreddit under the pseudonym NimbleRichMan, wrote comments like, “You can’t fight the American elite without serious firepower. They will outspend you and destroy you by any and all means.”
Before directly funding the project, Luckey collaborated with Milo Yiannopoulos, the racist, transphobic Breitbart editor and online agitator most famous for being voted the shittiest Twitter account of 2015.
Luckey collaborated with two moderators of r/The_Donald, the subreddit where Trump supporters congregate, to hold a fundraiser whose contributions would be matched by Luckey. Users called their bluff, complaining that the fundraisers were simply trying to make money off of the subreddit.
According to the financial statement available on its website, Nimble America has brought in over $10,000 in donations and seed money, and spent around the same amount — the vast majority on a retainer for its lawyer, but also $276.37 on billboards, $75 on Facebook ads, and $126.78 on “Ops - Website.” It’s unclear if the group has actually funded or participated in any of the promised shitposting and “meme magic.”
Facebook, which counts Trump delegate Peter Thiel among its board members, has yet to comment on the matter.
Facebook went public back in 2012, which probably didn’t mean a whole lot for your social-network experience, but was a pretty big deal for a select few investors and employees. Like an approximately millions and billions of dollars kind of big deal. Since then, Facebook’s gone on to make a few other lucky folks very, very rich, largely thanks to well-timed acquisitions.
Net Worth: $2.7 Billion
Notable Spending: Thiel is a prolific philanthropist, but his most notorious venture so far involved secretly (and then not so secretly) funding wrestler Hulk Hogan’s lawsuit against Gawker Media, which had criticized Thiel’s hedge fund and publicized that Thiel is gay. The money was well spent, from Thiel’s point of view, since Gawker Media declared bankruptcy earlier this year and was purchased by Fusion and renamed Gizmodo Media Group. In addition to his anti-blog crusade, Thiel’s spent money on floating libertarian paradises with the Seasteading Institute and attempted to pay people to not go to college. Most fascinating, he’s also hung up on the idea of living forever, and had expressed interest in parabiosis, in which an older person is injected with the blood of a younger person. Being a billionaire sounds fun!
The Aerovelo Eta doesn’t really look like a bike (more like a pointy white blimp coasting down the highway), but it is the fastest human-powered machine in the world. It would be a morning-commute game-changer, if only city streets had higher speed limits.
Net Worth: $55.8 Billion
Notable Spending: Just this week, Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, announced that they plan on curing disease. Like, all of them! Over the next decade, Zuck and Chan have pledged to donate $3 billion to “cure all disease.” Sounds like a great plan, especially when you compare $3 billion to NIH’s annual budget of $30 billion. Also, he recently paid to have a giant wall put up around his Hawaiian home. Which really pissed off his neighbors.
Twitter acquisition rumors are hot this morning, following a CNBC report that the microblogging social network might receive a formal purchase offer soon. Potential buyers include Salesforce (a cloud-computing company), Verizon (the telecommunications giant), Microsoft, and Google (you’ve heard of them), according to a variety of reports; the bid could reportedly come as early as “shortly.” (Sure. Okay.)
A buyer coming forward wouldn’t be terribly surprising news, given Twitter’s struggles (slowing user growth, falling stock value, being a feeding ground for vicious online abuse) to maintain its place among the social- media giants it’s competing with. Of course, Twitter isn’t in quite the dire straits that some press have suggested, but its investors and shareholders would be eager for a sale.
If you want to be a large and important media company in 2016, the odds are very good that you’re leaning very hard on video. BuzzFeed, for instance, reorganized recently to make sure every department at the company is cranking them out. And if you’re leaning into video, the odds are high that Facebook is a sizable part of your strategy, maybe even the primary focus. That’s because it prioritizes video native to Facebook in the News Feed, the portal through which an enormous proportion of web users experience, well, the web.
There is a lot of money riding on Facebook’s video platform, so it would be really funny if, for instance, they had miscalculated a key metric that publishers and advertisers use to understand their audiences. That’d be what we in the digital media industry call a “big oopsie-doopsie”!
The problem was that, in calculating the average time spent watching a video, Facebook ignored views under three seconds. This artificially inflated the average by removing the shortest watch times from the equation. This went on for two years, over the course of which advertisers paid Facebook money to display ads, and determined how much money to pay Facebook for ad placement based on metrics supplied by the company.
A new metric, “Average Watch Time,” will replace the old, misleading one, which was known as “Average Duration of Video Viewed.” In theory, this whole dustup should make advertisers and publishers more wary of relying on Facebook for generating traffic and revenue. Even better, it should make Facebook recognize that opaque business practices will only hurt them in the end, so they should make their metrics and accounting practices (not to mention their various sorting algorithms) as transparent as possible. But in practice, Facebook already runs the whole damn game, so it means nothing.
Anyway, according to the The Wall Street Journal, “[a]d buying agency Publicis Media was told by Facebook that the earlier counting method likely overestimated average time spent watching videos by between 60% and 80%.” Hoo boy.
Travel a lot? Find yourself often scuttling from open Wi-Fi point to open Wi-Fi point? Want to dramatically reduce how much you spend on cell-phone data? Thanks to Cory Doctorow over at Boing Boing, I learned about a portable Wi-Fi hotspot service that provides unlimited and unthrottled data from Sprint’s LTE network. The cost? Five hundred dollars for the first year, $400 for every year after that. And you’re getting the service from a 501(c)(3) nonprofit called the Calyx Institute, which means you can also write off the cost of the service for your taxes.
Some caveats apply, of course. The Netgear Fuse gets about ten hours of battery life, so if you’re going to be away from an electrical outlet for an extended period, you may want to bring a portable battery or two (the Fuse recharges using a MicroUSB port). It’s only going to work where Sprint provides coverage, and while Sprint has recently made some huge leaps in expanding where it provides service, you can still find some dead zones, especially in rural areas. And while the Netgear Fuse can be carried in your pocket, it’s about the size of two smartphones stacked on top of each other. Add in your actual smartphone, and your pockets may be close to busting open.
The story of how Calyx is able to provide these hotspots is good example of how complex federal management of the wireless spectrum can be. In 2013, Sprint acquired Clearwire, gulping up the wireless spectrum Clearwire owned as Sprint upgraded its high-speed data connections to cell-phone users. But the spectrum that Clearwire owned had come with a caveat — it was originally meant to be used for educational purposes, and therefore any owner had to allow access its networks to any nonprofit at a very low cost.
Which, speaking of your phone, you can also use this to dramatically lower your data fees (or how much data you buy each month on your cell-phone plan). Keep your phone’s Wi-Fi on and the Calyx hotspot on, and you can download as many gigabytes of data as you want from anywhere you can get a Sprint signal without worrying about blasting through your data plan for the entire month.
Since Calyx is a nonprofit, they now can use Sprint’s extensive upgrades to your advantage. In exchange for $500, you’ll get a portable Netgear Fuse Wi-Fi hotspot and SIM card with unlimited access to Sprint’s Spark LTE network.The uses for this are plenty. Stuck at La Guardia with a flight delay? You no longer have to try to use your 30 minutes of free internet as carefully as possible. If you have the type of job (like mine) that mainly requires you to have a laptop and a good connection to the internet, a mobile hotspot like this means you can work from pretty much anywhere. Ever been stymied by Amtrak’s awful Wi-Fi connection? That’s because you’re sharing essentially one hotspot with every other passenger on the train. A mobile hotspot usually can take care of it, until you hit the boonies where even your phone won’t get reception.
Those caveats aside, this is a crazy-good deal, especially for anyone who travels regularly or just needs to use the internet a lot while away from their home or work internet connections. Which is why I just became a supporter of the Calyx Institute. My hotspot (and a free T-shirt!) should be arriving shortly, and my cell-phone bill and reliance on finding the nearest Starbucks to grab something off my laptop should be dropping by quite a bit as well.
The Calyx Institute didn’t set out to piggyback off Sprint’s LTE network and provide unlimited data for a very, very cheap price. Their main focus is internet privacy, helping people use things like VPNs and the Tor browser to keep their online activities secure from prying eyes, or fighting against government intrusion (its founder was the first person to ever get a Patriot Act warrant unsealed).
The real question is: Who? It’s become something of a fun guessing game in certain tech and media spheres over the past several months. Nick Bilton at Vanity Fair (about the best-sourced Twitter reporter out there) suggests Facebook or Google; Kara Swisher and Kurt Wagner, at Recode, hashed the question out in a debate, determining that a private-equity firm would be the best buyer, but Google, Facebook, Microsoft, or a Chinese tech company would be more realistic.
Google makes sense: It’s been trying to crack social networks for years, and buying Twitter would give them a large one outright — and one particularly well-suited to Google’s strengths. (One direction for Twitter at Google would be to turn Twitter accounts into the universal online identities they always almost have been.) And, on the Twitter side, Google has the kind of resources and expertise to help it succeed with its video and advertising ambitions.
Microsoft also would give Twitter resources and expertise. But it just bought a social network — LinkedIn — that’s tied much more closely to Microsoft’s focus on enterprise businesses. Verizon, similarly, would love to have the user data (and free content!) of Twitter, but having just bought Yahoo, it may not have an appetite for taking on another troubled company. Salesforce, finally, is the weirdest (and, if we’re being honest, funniest) potential bidder, largely because it’s hard to figure out what they’d do with it. (Leave it alone? Refashion it from a social network to an enterprise marketing platform?) Why shouldn’t Twitter just be for marketers and their clients? We might be about to find out.
Net Worth: $1.44 Billion
Notable Spending: Sandberg donated $31 million worth of Facebook stock in 2015 to charities, including Lean In, the nonprofit Sandberg founded to help women in the workplace.
Net Worth: $10.3 Billion
For most of the 20th century, advertisements were priced and purchased based on statistics and metrics like circulation and ratings, provided by third parties, like the Alliance for Audited Media and Nielsen. Those figures were mostly bullshit, and most people involved in buying and selling ads knew it, but they were agreed-upon bullshit that helped provide, at the very least, relative sizes for various magazines and newspapers.
In the platform era, though, you’re getting metrics directly from the same company that you’re paying to advertise on. If Facebook says that low viewership numbers are countered by lengthy average view times, well, who else are you going to turn to? It’s not that Facebook is blatantly dishonest — it’s in the company’s best interests to be clear about its numbers — it’s that if it commits an enormous, two-year mistake, who has the ability to call them out on it?
This almost certainly isn’t a case of Facebook distorting the data it provides in order to lure advertisers or entice digital publishers. For one thing, there are more subtle ways Facebook could juice its numbers — like, say, defining a “view” as only three seconds of watching (which it does). For another, the media-wide shift to video was never dependent on only a single metric. Advertisers want video (look at TV); people watch video (look at YouTube!); Facebook was going to push its video on the News Feed no matter what. There’s no other social network that advertisers can go to that can compete with Facebook on sheer scale. All this really seems to demonstrate is that amidst its eagerness to join the video train, Facebook made a mistake that served to amplify an already emphatic case for video.
Net Worth: $450 Million
Notable Spending: Most memorably, Hughes purchased The New Republic magazine for a reported $2.1 million in a dramatic move that inspired many, many think pieces; this year, Hughes sold TNR in a slightly less dramatic move that inspired many, many think pieces. Meanwhile, he also helped fund his husband Sean Eldridge’s run for Congress in 2014, which Eldridge lost by 29 points.
If you came of age during the ‘80s or ‘90s, it’s likely you played with Transformers as a child (and unless you live under a rock, it’s highly likely you’ve at least heard of the film franchise). But did you know you can own your very own, life-size Transformer? If you’ve got a lot of money and your reasons for wanting one meet this company’s criteria, apparently you can.
Net Worth: $700 Million
Notable Spending: Luckey was recently revealed as the money behind the Nimble Foundation, a social welfare 501(c)4 nonprofit dedicated to shitposting in real life in support of Donald Trump’s run for president. So in other words: funding dank memes. As for how he got wrapped up in the meme business, Luckey told the Daily Beast, “It went along the lines of ‘Hey, I have a bunch of money. I would love to see more of this stuff.’” Stuff.
Net Worth: $2.4 Billion
Notable Spending: Parker recently pledged $24 million to Stanford to build a medical-research center. But Parker isn’t quite so hubristic to say he can cure all diseases. No, he just wants to cure all allergies.
Notable Spending: Moskovitz, unlike Luckey and Thiel, would prefer that Donald Trump not end up in the White House. He donated $20 million to Democratic groups this year, including the Hillary Victory Fund — an enormous sum of money that makes him the second-largest donor this election cycle by disclosed donations. No word on if any portion of those millions were put toward meme promotion. We can only hope they paid for that Pepe explainer.
Net Worth: $7.6 Billion
Notable Spending: Saverin, who renounced U.S. citizenship to avoid U.S. taxes, founded private-equity firm Velos Partners in 2013. Among the firm’s investments: Hampton Creek, home of the world’s only Big Mayo scandal.
Net Worth: $2.9 Billion
Notable Spending: Milner’s spent a lot of money on aliens. Or rather, the pursuit thereof. In 2015, he donated $100 million to Breakthrough Listen, an organization devoted to finding “evidence of civilizations beyond Earth.” (Along with Milner, Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg round out the organization’s board of directors.) He also funds the Breakthrough Prizes, dedicated to advances in various scientific categories.
Early investor, board member
Co-founder and CEO
Co-founder
Investor
Founder of Oculus Rift, which Facebook acquired for $2 billion in 2014
Chief Operating Officer
Net Worth: $8.7 Billion
Co-founder of WhatsApp, acquired by Facebook for $22 billion in 2014, Board Member
Notable Spending: Koum has about $550 million in a fund dedicated to charitable giving, but doesn’t seem to have given much of it out yet. He has given $1 million to the FreeBSD Foundation, dedicated to open-source software.
Net Worth: $5.3 Billion
Co-founder of WhatsApp
Notable Spending: Acton maybe donated several million dollars to his high school in Lake Howell, Florida, in 2014. Then again, maybe he didn’t. (The donor wished to remain anonymous, but the school doesn’t boast many other billionaire alums.) What he should be spending money on, frankly, are wire-service photos. He’s a hard dude to track down.
Net Worth: $1.1 Billion
Founder and CEO of Instagram, acquired by Facebook for $1 billion in 2012
Notable Spending: Systrom’s 2015 masquerade wedding (held on Halloween, because why not?) looked like some good, clean, expensive fun.
Absolutely not. Luckey, now 24, started developing the Oculus as a teenager. John Carmack described Oculus’s E3 2012 showing thusly: “This little shoe box that Palmer had taped together with two plastic lenses and a surplus screen was better than these super high-end displays that cost a hundred times as much.”
Two years later, noting the attention that Oculus had gotten on Kickstarter and from the gaming community, Facebook purchased the company for an astounding $2 billion, betting big on VR’s future. It also turned Luckey, who owned around a quarter of the company, into a multimillionaire. At the sale’s announcement, a vocal contingent of Kickstarter backers were livid, claiming that Luckey had sold out, losing his “started in a garage” street cred.
Who Is Palmer Luckey?
Not … quite. He’s a much more interesting character than concurrent wunderkinds like Snapchat’s Evan Spiegel or Uber’s Travis Kalanick — less “bro” than, if we can use the term affectionately, dork. From Time’s 2015 profile of Luckey:
So, Palmer Luckey is a tech-industry veteran with years of experience?
Ohhh, so he’s another one of these tech-bro rich kids?
Time magazine … wasn’t that the one with the totally ridiculous cover?
You mean this one?
Luckey now lives in the wealthy neighborhood of Atherton, near Facebook’s headquarters, with half a dozen or so friends on a property Luckey calls “The Commune.” They reportedly spend most of their time playing Super Smash Bros. and other games. Just to underline this: While Spiegel and Kalanick plot world domination from palatial estates and private jets, Palmer Luckey, who could buy dozens of properties, lives in a gamer commune with six roommates.
Because he now has more money than sense or experience, Luckey threw some of his cash toward a nonprofit called Nimble America — a nonprofit, pro-Trump political organization that, according to its own literature, makes anti-Clinton memes. (To be clear: There is no hard evidence so far that Nimble America has made any memes or funded any trolls, though it exists, has money, and bought a billboard in Pittsburgh.)
Why is Palmer Luckey back in the news?
Under the handle NimbleRichMan on Reddit, Luckey espoused the merits of a Trump presidency (many of the comments have since been deleted); he also attended a Trump rally in California last April.
Wait — so Luckey is the second Facebook-affiliated rich tech founder to throw his weight behind Trump this year?
Luckey’s involvement with Nimble America was reported out by the Daily Beast. “Money is not my issue,” he told the website. “I thought it sounded like a real jolly good time.”
Yes. You’re thinking of early Facebook investor and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, who’s pledged his support to Donald Trump. But where Thiel has thrown his weight behind more traditional rich-person political activities like speaking at the RNC and pledging to be a delegate (and, uh, crushing an independent media company?), Luckey has explicitly associated himself with Trump’s alt-right internet contingent — the one posting images of cartoon frogs dressed as Nazis and throwing the word cuck around.
Well, probably! His girlfriend, a cosplay model and gamer who goes by Nikki Moxxi, certainly is; she sometimes cosplays as the ill-defined ethics movement/harassment campaign’s mascot, Vivian James. She’s also a prolific pro-Trump tweeter, though since the Luckey revelation her Twitter and other social-media accounts are now deactivated.
Why would a dorky but clearly intelligent 24-year-old decide to take political action on behalf of an obviously terrible candidate, in such a bizarre fashion?
Why have 22-year-old gamers across the country decided to throw their weight behind an incoherently reactionary movement like Gamergate and a regressive racist candidate like Trump? You could spend a lifetime trying to articulate what it is about video-game culture in 2016 that has transformed its love of trolling and absence of empathy into an efficient incubator for far-right goonery. But the other part of it is that we don’t really know what, if anything, Luckey was trying to accomplish. Other than a billboard in Pittsburgh, it’s not clear what Nimble America has actually produced; Luckey has expressed less full-throated support of Trump than a kind of stilted excitement about stirring the pot. In a way, he exemplifies the central weirdness at the heart of Trump’s young and savvy alt-right support group. Is he doing it to actually help Trump? Is he just doing it for the lulz, like the old-school gamer trolls of 4chan? Is it some odd combination of both?
Does that mean Luckey is a Gamergater?
Nope, and they likely won’t. Policing employee political actions is a bad move for any large corporation. Plus: Luckey already got his payday. What is firing him really going to do except give him more time to spend thousands of dollars on meme creation?
Has Facebook said anything?
Palmer Luckey is the founder of Oculus, a subsidiary of Facebook, and the inventor of its main product, a virtual-reality headset known as the Oculus Rift. The Rift, which was released to the public this March, is probably the best-known and highest-profile VR headset, and arguably the piece of hardware that kicked off the current craze for virtual reality. And deservedly so: It was one of Kickstarter’s earliest and most visible successes, and the tech was so compelling that legendary video-game designer John Carmack left his company, iD, to become Oculus’s CTO.
But what are they doing with all that dough? Last night, news broke that Palmer Luckey (the founder of Facebook-owned VR company Oculus) had been spending his hard-earned cash on funding an anti-Hillary political group based on memes. What about his peers?
“Duh,” you’re saying, and I hear that. Still, earlier today, the Verge’s editor-in-chief, Nilay Patel, published a note on the site revealing that former deputy editor Chris Ziegler had taken a job at Apple in July, and then just ghosted. He remained mostly incommunicado throughout August and September, until someone had the good sense to say, “Um, where is the guy who ranks fourth on our masthead?”
Look, far be it from me to tell anyone how to do their job. Different strokes and whatnot. But I will say this: If you work for a website that covers the technology industry in a journalistic capacity, you should probably not also be employed by the most valuable tech company in the world, at the same time.
After reviewing coverage, Slack logs, emails, and other interactions, Vox determined that their coverage had not been impacted. Still, kind of embarrassing that a high-ranking employee was collecting a paycheck for weeks.
Patel writes:
On Twitter, Steele called the imbroglio “an unusual couple of weeks.” As recently as September 8, Ziegler was listed as one of two deputy editors on the site’s masthead. He was removed sometime between then and September 11, according to snapshots on Archive.org. The Verge’s big iPhone review went live on September 13, suggesting that the site’s editors figured out what was going on and remained silent as they published a review of Apple’s biggest hardware launch of the year.
Ziegler has not tweeted since August 8 and provided no statement on the matter.
Enemies: Free press, laws, death
Enemies: Disease
Enemies: Donald Trump
Enemies: Paying taxes
Enemies: Allergies
Enemies: Hillary Clinton, undank memes
Enemies: Snapchat
Enemies: Leaning out
Enemies: Republicans, a changing publishing industry
Enemies: Luddites, technophobes
Enemies: Photographers, apparently
Enemies: Closed software
On Thursday, news broke that Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey has been quietly funding an anti-Hillary political group based on memes. According to a report from the Daily Beast, Luckey donated to Nimble America, “a social welfare 501(c)(4) nonprofit dedicated to shitposting in real life.” (It’s not quite clear what this means other than posting memes to billboards in Pittsburgh, which the group did.) But a day later, having seen the intense reaction from the VR community, Luckey is apologizing for “negatively impacting the perception of Oculus and its partners.”
In a Facebook post on Friday evening, Luckey addressed his political donation, explaining that he gave $10,000 to Nimble America and writing “the recent news stories about me do not accurately represent my views.” (The “recent news stories” being the breaking report from the Daily Beast, in which Luckey is heavily quoted on the record.) He also addressed several Reddit posts (which were also cited in the Daily Beast story) from a user under the handle NimbleRichMan, which the Daily Beast reported to be Luckey’s display name. From Luckey’s Facebook post:
A fair apology. Except that if Luckey is a Gary Johnson supporter, what was he doing at a Trump rally in a “Can’t Stump the Trump Shirt” this spring? And, maybe more to the point, if he “did not write” those posts, why did he tell Daily Beast reporter Gideon Resnick that he did?
The fact that Snapchat is getting into the wearable-tech game has been a poorly kept secret ever since CEO Evan Spiegel was caught reportedly wearing a prototype of the device in public earlier this year, by Business Insider’s Biz Carson. And here they are. These are “Spectacles,” a new piece of hardware from the newly renamed Snap, Inc. They’re sunglasses … with a camera!
Luckey’s post ends with a final apology for the repercussions his actions “are having on the community” and reiterating that his donation speaks for him, and him alone. Translation: Don’t fault Oculus because its founder enjoys shitposting. Happens to the best of us.
“Circular video” doesn’t mean that the video will appear on your phone as a circle, but that you can freely rotate the phone while the video plays, like so:
It’s obviously too soon to make a call about Snapchat — sorry, Snap Inc.’s new hardware, but the proposition is intriguing. The price point isn’t high for wearable tech (I paid more for a Fitbit that I abandoned shortly after purchasing), and the ostentatious goofiness of Spectacles is actually sort of refreshing compared to the much creepier (and, frankly, uglier) minimalism of Google Glass. Best of all, these aren’t made to be worn while going about your daily life — just in situations where you might want to take a first-person video, like parties and vacations. The final judgement will come down to the creep factor. How weird will the world be where someone can tap their sunglasses and record your every motion? And will it be any weirder than taking out your phone every five minutes to do the same thing?
Per The Wall Street Journal, which appears to have rushed its lengthy exclusive to a Friday-evening publication following another scoop from Business Insider’s Biz Carson, Snap Inc.’s Spectacles are a pair of video recording sunglasses that come in three different colors. (Coral, teal, and black. Evan, if you’re reading this, I’d prefer the last!) “When you slip Spectacles on and tap a button near the hinge, it records up to 10 seconds of video from your first-person vantage,” the report notes. Each time the wearer taps, a new video is recorded.
Spiegel says he and his colleagues have been working on the glasses for several years. Priced at $129.99, the devices will have a limited release this fall. “It’s about us figuring out if it [Spectacles] fits into people’s lives and seeing how they like it,” Spiegel says.
September has been a fun month to have a password. Two major data breaches were confirmed: First, Dropbox disclosed that nearly 68 million accounts were compromised in 2012; more recently (and even more scarily), Yahoo admitted that 200 million accounts were breached in 2012 and a half billion more in 2014, possibly by a “state-sponsored actor.”
After the latest LinkedIn breach this year, I got a rash of attempted log-ins on my Gmail account from someone in Guadalajara, Mexico, and I started doing what I should have done years ago: using a password manager. In my case I went with LastPass, and overall it’s pretty painless! (There is the troubling fact that LastPass has been hacked before, but I have multi-factor authentication turned on.) How to set up LastPass.
This is not the first time this has happened. You can head over to haveibeenpwned.com, and chances are — unless you haven’t signed up for any online service ever — at some point your info has been part of a data breach. (I’ve been pwned on my primary email address six times. At first I was ashamed, but it’s time to let the healing begin.)The danger doesn’t really lie in someone worming their way into my LinkedIn or long forgotten Last.fm account (embarrassing as my musical tastes in 2007 may be). The real danger is that I’ve reused the same strong password for multiple accounts, and I had to keep changing up those passwords every time a breach was reported.
Once you’ve created your account, you’ll need to start importing all the passwords you currently use. Most modern browsers already store some of your passwords for autofill purposes, so use LastPass to import them. If LastPass misses anything vital, go to that site, enter your credentials as you normally would, and when you see the three red dots for LastPass, hit them and then select “Save My Credentials.”
I got a little bit better over time — I started using unique strong passwords on accounts that really mattered, like my primary email account, my bank account, and a few others. But the truth is I can only keep about four strong passwords in my head at any given time. And there are some really sensitive accounts (my 401(k) plan or my health insurance comes to mind) that I don’t log into that often, which means I either reset my password every time I do need to log in, or I just use the same strong password on a bunch of accounts.
Finally, you should upgrade LastPass. The free version of LastPass will only work on your desktop; it’s worth it to upgrade to Premium ($12 a year) so you can sync across to your mobile devices and any other computers you may use on a different OS as well. (Update: LastPass has now ditched the subscription fee to sync across devices, though there are still some premium features for $12 a month. Personally, I can live without them, so I look forward to really enjoying that extra $12 a year — look out, Atlantic City.)
Once you’ve got your main sites in, go to your vault in LastPass, and hit Security Challenge. If you’re like me, LastPass is gonna say a lot of your passwords kinda suck. Some sites will let LastPass automatically update your password for you, but for some you’ll need to launch the site, log in per usual, and head to the change-password screen, and then hit the three red dots and “Generate Password” for a new password. Again, if you’re like me, there’ll be a hefty number of sites here. This is probably the most laborious part of the process — it’s mindless but takes a while, so maybe catch up on some podcasts (The Vulture TV Podcast is pretty okay, if you like that sort of thing).
I’ve fiddled with a few other services as well: Dashlane, 1password, and Sticky Password are great alternatives. All offer a free (or trial) version and a premium version, and it’s worth trying one or two to see what’s easiest for you to use before settling on one and upgrading to premium. Regardless, here’s what a good password manager will give you:
A vault for all your passwords.
This is the key (sorry) thing: You now have an easy way to have all your passwords in one place, the ability to change them when you need to, and the option to have the password manager fill in the passwords for you. This radically increases the ease of using strong unique passwords across pretty much any site you use.
Setting up incredibly difficult to crack (and incredibly difficult to remember) passwords doesn’t do you a ton of good if you’re trying to log in to your Instagram account on your phone and your password is 12 random characters. This varies a bit from service to service, but all premium versions will allow you to sync across multiple devices, and use an iOS or Android app for mobile log-ins.
Automatically changing your passwords.
Using a password manager can come with occasional headaches — if you need to log in to your account on a friend’s computer, you’ll have to either install a plug-in on their browser, or go to your password manager’s website, log in, and copy and paste the password manually. And keeping all your passwords in one place does carry a certain amount of risk. (If you want truly secure password management, KeePass is an offline, encrypted password manager that lives on your machine and nowhere else.) But massive data breaches are unlikely to stop anytime soon, and for now, password managers are the middle ground between convenience and security when yet another service you signed up for gets hacked.
Getting LastPass up and running is the biggest hassle you’ll face, but once it’s over, it’s remarkably easy to use. To get started, head to their Downloads page, and install the LastPass plug-in. You’ll need to create a unique strong password here, and the usual rules apply: Use a mixture of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and punctuation marks, and try to avoid using only words you can find in a dictionary, even if using a number replacement (yes, a brute-force attack could eventually figure out “M00ns0verMyHammy”). Make it something memorable — if you blank on this password, you’re kinda up the creek.
Over the weekend, Michelle Obama attended the opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture, in Washington, D.C. Also attending the opening was former president George W. Bush, whom Obama hugged (if you want to call it that) for the briefest of moments during the ceremony. And, like a scene out of The Butterfly Effect 2, that hug shifted something in the fabric of our nonlinear system and spawned … an internet meme.
A sincere sentiment, no doubt, but one that violated the number-one rule: Don’t tell people online not to be snarky. His tweet has since been deleted, but lives on thanks to the glory of screenshots. (Birbiglia, shockingly, did not immediately respond to Select All’s request for comment regarding his hot new meme.)
There are at least three streams on YouTube tonight: NBC’s, here; the Washington Post’s, here; and Bloomberg’s, here.
After the debate, some guy using a Logitech webcam from 2004 will explain that the debate was rigged because the moderator didn’t ask about Benghazi. The Gregory Brothers will Auto-Tune the choicest debate quotes into an epic viral win.
Twitter will be using Bloomberg’s stream.
AltspaceVR and NBC News are producing a VR stream.
You should watch the debate on Facebook if you want to hear your problematic uncle and that one person from high school express their abiding belief that “all lives matter.” Immediately after the debate ends, you’ll be able to discuss it on pages like Occupy Democrats (“Hillary DESTROYED Drumpf With Just Three Words. Mic Drop”) or, if your politics run in the opposite direction, The Angry Patriot (“A Closer Look At Four Seconds Of Crooked Hillary Coughing At The Debate — Is She Dying?”).
Twitter is the platform to watch the debate on if you want to read neo-Nazi bots responding to every official campaign tweet and media types making halfhearted jokes masking their deep despair (“John Oliver’s got a lot to work with this week” or “I miss Jon Stewart”).
“He’s an Instagram sensation,” said Daniela Rapp, who edits both dogs for St. Martin’s Press and is the force behind Miracle Dogs, Beautiful Old Dogs, and Dogs Who Smile, among others in the canine canon. “There’s a really solid market for these, which is why every other publisher is doing one,” she went on. “Probably three or four came out this week.” She cites Harlow & Sage (and Indiana), about the relationship between a Weimaraner and a dachshund, and Tails From the Booth, a collection of pictures of dogs in photo booths. “It’s getting more difficult to do straight memoir,” she said. “You can’t just say ‘I have a cute dog’ anymore.”
As Gypsy put it, you gotta get a gimmick. “I think what sets Crusoe apart, he doesn’t have that, like, look,” Ryan explained to me. “Like a lot of other celebrity dogs — Marnie with the tongue, Boo has the big puffy head — Crusoe is really the costumes and the stories. A lot of the other ones are just pictures.”
“And he’s just so chill,” observed a producer, looking fondly at Crusoe. “He’s so docile. Though when we had Grumpy Cat in here, she was pretty chill as well.”
Animals are the perfect celebrities for our time. Not only do they sit and stay when spoken to, they rarely disappoint. No one accuses a dog of saying something racist, or sexist, or tone-policing. If dogs do have controversial opinions, they keep them private. “What do you think of Justin Trudeau?” I asked Crusoe after he finished his segment (in which he, wearing a pilot’s suit, stared into the middle distance while the host aahed over his cuteness, “though I’d be nervous if I saw him in the cockpit”). He was waiting patiently for the elevator. “Have you been following the Syrian-refugee crisis? How big of a threat do you think we should consider ISIS?” I got nothing. Just big eyes and a tail wag.
How does Ryan, who still writes the blog and wrote the book, capture what Crusoe really thinks? “Well, I know him very well,” he said. “And he has a pretty strong personality.” How so? “He is very comical,” Lauren said. “He will always bring a toy and try to get your attention. He will scratch for water. If he is hungry, he will let you know.” Ryan jumped in: “He lets you know when he wants to be tucked into bed.” Yes, Crusoe gets tucked into bed. With a blanket. He also sits at the dinner table with his parents, paws crossed. “He is very polite,” said Ryan. Canadians.
“When we go on airplanes, the flight attendant always asks, ‘Is he taking something?’ ” said Lauren, stepping into the elevator. “They can’t believe how calm he is.”
Outside, a black car was waiting. “Crusoe?” said a guard, beckoning him through the crowd, which had grown larger and parted curiously. There were assorted awwwws, but the mutt who had been there when I arrived looked indifferent; perhaps he was waiting for George Stephanopoulos.
Maybe now that we were alone, he’d finally spill. “Crusoe,” I said, leaning down. “Do you consider yourself a feminist? What is your stance on abortion?” Crusoe blinked at me wordlessly. “Are you afraid that if you die they will replace you with someone else?” I asked. The Celebrity Dachshund just looked at me. It seemed he had nothing to say.
As the car headed downtown, Crusoe lay his head on Ryan’s lap. He’d been up since 4 a.m. filming segments for GMA, and now he had a photo session followed by an appointment at BarkBox (a dog-treat and toy purveyor); a video shoot with Us Weekly; and, finally, a “pawtograph” book-signing at Barnes & Noble. Then, the next day, he and his entourage were headed to Los Angeles and San Francisco to continue their tour. “We’re meeting up with a pig in L.A.,” said Lauren. “What’s his name? Hamlet the Piggy or something — he has an Instagram account. And then a corgi.”
Last week, Google introduced Allo, a new chat app with a built-in “Google Assistant” — a chatbot that lives in the app, answering questions you pose it in regular, everyday speech. It’s the latest in a wave of natural-language chatbots and “assistants” that have been rolled out by big tech companies over the last few years — think Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, Microsoft’s Cortana, and Facebook’s M. To hear futurists, developers, and investors talk, the chatbot (and its associated technologies, voice recognition and natural-language processing) is the future of computing, and the way we’ll be interacting with our phones, computers, and even our homes.
So far, though, the chatbots we use have only been successful in a limited way. Actual conversational bots trip up, get words wrong, misunderstand, and often times offend. Siri has an incredibly hard time understanding accents; “clever” lines from the always-listening Alexa become inadvertently creepy when their timing is off. Conversation and common sense, which run on experience, empathy, intuition, and emotional understanding, are hard to teach and encode. Humanity is hard to program.
Artificial intelligence doesn’t mean higher intelligence, and it certainly doesn’t mean human intelligence. I think we have trouble creating great bots that work on their own because we continue to insist that they act more like cheery, witty humans than like the mechanical automatons they are. Why should I be obligated to speak with Google’s Allo as though it’s another person? Why does Alexa need zingers, and why does Microsoft want a bot that sounds like a teenager? What’s wrong with images, menu options, or even adorable R2-D2 noises? Why not create a botlike version of something as fantastic as terrapattern — a website using machine learning to show patterns in Google image data sets. Bots could be extensions of ourselves, the human creators, to help augment our processes, instead of personified service AIs. Computers are really great at processing information, of holding a lot of data, but really bad at understanding intention and empathizing with users. Those qualities are what humans do really well.
As a designer with bots and AI, I wonder why we insist on interaction paradigms that require so much maintenance, and still seem so likely to fail. When we give bots freedom, but still demand they follow the rules of conversation, the results can be disastrous. Microsoft’s attempt to create a Twitter bot that could respond and interact like a teenage girl, was a great example of trying to leap forward toward human conversation and utterly failing. “Tay,” as the bot was called, was extremely “smart.” It could learn and expand its vocabulary very quickly through interacting with other Twitter users. It could understand basic grammar: A sentence consists of a noun and verb and maybe some other words. But Tay’s intelligence only went so far. It didn’t understand what words meant. “I love food” was, as far as Tay was concerned, identical to “I love Hitler.” People — 4channers — were able to use Tay’s intelligence against it, and Tay, in less than 24 hours, was spewing genocidal, misogynistic bile.
The design researcher Alexis Lloyd has spoken about this idea of “bottiness,” most recently at the Eyeo Festival. “Bottiness,” she says, is “about a bot expressing itself in a way that is keeping with its processes and functions […] when I think about how bots express themselves, they don’t speak English, but they present themselves in a way that sets them apart from the expectations we bring to human conversation.” Lloyd brings up R2-D2, who “speaks this language everyone can interpret even if you don’t necessarily literally understand it.” Actual conversations involve a lot of nuances — on the linguistic level, on the cultural level, even on the physical level. Human conversations are hard enough for humans! So why are we so eager to see bots excel at something that many people are themselves barely competent at?
Contrast Tay to the now-defunct BBC Weather bot. Users could tweet a location and a date — something like “Westhampton tomorrow” — and the bot would respond with the weather. The bot did what bots do best, which is quickly and effectively parse information to return a very relevant response. Instead of trying to be “human,” it was just “botty” — and it worked well, and never once advocated for genocide.
Nevertheless, the companies that make these bots want you to think of them as human. They’re named and gendered; they have personality traits and serve up pithy prewritten responses. This kind of anthropomorphization is a specific design decision intended to create an implied interaction pattern: conversation. But you’re not really talking to the bot, are you? Anything that Cortana or Siri says in response to a person has been vetted by lots of people at Apple and Microsoft; Facebook’s M similarly has someone behind the curtain.
On top of all that, Disney has a history with software that can charitably be described as erratic. A handful of times over the past decade, they have ramped up and abruptly shut down their video-game development and publishing operations. The most recent iteration resulted in the sudden shutdown of Disney Infinity, which was, by their own account, profitable but not profitable enough. They have a bad history of committing to maintaining services and products post-launch.
Disney properties, on the other hand, are some of the most highly prized pieces of entertainment in the streaming economy. It already owns ABC and ESPN. Outside of sports, Netflix pays millions of dollars for exclusive streaming rights, which requires almost no technical effort on Disney’s part. Twitter’s expansive data-mining operation is certainly of interest to a company of Disney’s size, but at what price? Purchasing Twitter would cost Disney more than its acquisitions of Pixar ($7.4 billion), Marvel ($4.2 billion), and Lucasfilm ($4 billion) combined.
This afternoon, Bloomberg is reporting that Disney is joining the growing list of companies that might acquire Twitter. The company is apparently “working with a financial adviser to evaluate a possible bid for Twitter.” That’s vague, but it’s still interesting: What on earth would Disney, a huge multinational entertainment conglomerate, want with Twitter, a large but struggling social-media platform?
The most obvious answer is: streaming video. Twitter is making a heavy push into live events — sports in particular. It’s a nascent, futuristic business strategy that doesn’t entirely cannibalize the old television business, and it makes sense that Disney, which owns ESPN, would want to at least kick the tires.
“I got called into the office a while later, and I was confronted by all the school administrators and they said I tested positive for almost everything (except [the prescribed medication], which I was actually on)”, Gelmis, who is now 20, explained via Twitter DM. Her parents were called and her mother came to the school to pick Gelmis up and take her home. “On the way home, she [her mother] was crying and she said she asked them to do the drug test because she was worried about me and thought I was acting weird.”
When they got home, her parents started looking up rehab facilities. Until, that is, the school called her parents a second time, this time with slightly better news. “A few hours later, the school called my mom and told her they misread the test,” Gelmis said. “They said lines were supposed to show up a certain way to indicate which drugs are in your system and they just read it the wrong way.” Apologetic, her mother asked if there was anything she could to to make it up to her daughter. Gelmis said she wanted a cake.
“It really wasn’t her fault — she was just worried about me,” Gelmis said, explaining that the bungled test and subsequent cake have become something of a family joke in the years since. “We talk about it a lot. I like to give her a hard time.”
But, well, what is the promise of Twitter’s streaming video, anyway? The idea is appealing — live video and commentary, in one — but it’s totally unclear whether it will ever be able to attract a large-enough audience to interest advertisers (two million people watched Twitter’s first Thursday-night football-game stream; by contrast, nearly 50 million people watched on regular network TV).
So, no, Disney almost certainly isn’t going to buy Twitter. But it’s in both companies’ best interests to seem like it might. Disney’s in the midst of a protracted courtship with Vice, and it’s possible that a feint at Twitter might make Vice more anxious to lower its reported $5 billion asking price. At the same time, Twitter’s looking to get bought by, well … anyone. Having Disney pretend that its streaming business represents a profitable future could help assuage some of its other suitors (which reportedly include Google, Microsoft, and Salesforce). Eventually, Twitter will get bought. But it won’t be by Disney.
Blu told Select All the real trouble began a few weeks earlier when he lost his debit card. When he canceled the card, the automatic payment stopped going through on his Apple Music account. When he finally got a new card and reactivated his account, the playlists had vanished.
Unlike most mobile Twitter users, Faust uses a flip phone, a legacy system for interfacing with the service that is rarely in use anymore, but which has dictated some of Twitter’s defining traits. The iconic 140-character limit is a result of SMS character limits. Tweets still cannot start with a singular letter d because that was a command for sending a Twitter DM over SMS.
Late last night, Twitter user Tim Faust was struck with inspiration for a tweet. Traveling through San Francisco over the weekend, Faust discovered a bottle of Clorox Urine Remover in one of the bars he’d been patronizing with friends. The bottle, he recounted to Select All over Twitter DM, “passed my extremely low bar to warrant tweeting.”
“I meant to send it to my friend Chris, whose tweets are really bad, but I fucked up and forgot to include his name and also the image, so I quickly re-sent it with the image attached,” he explained.
But over the next few hours, Faust’s joke about your tweets being piss began appearing again and again, published by some ghost in the machine.
“I will never have a child so Twitter is my only legacy and I hastened to correct the record,” he said, unlinking his phone from his Twitter account. A few hours later, he reconnected, and the picture began posting again. “I presume that my phone keeps trying to re-send the tweet with the photo, but I can’t make heads or tails of why it’d do that over and over again—there’s no log of it in my sent texts.”
The Mystery of the Urine Remover has yet to be solved. Faust again unlinked his phone number from Twitter ahead of a flight this afternoon, and he said that he’d try and reset credentials like his password to stop the flood of piss cleaner. A request for comment sent to Twitter earlier this afternoon had not been replied to as of press time. Given that the tweets stopped when Faust unlinked his phone, it’s likely his hardware that’s causing the issue.
Faust and his followers are taking the ever-present urine remover in stride though. “I think of Twitter as a place for me to giggle—or, in this case, piss—into a void,” he noted. “I’m sure it’s far from the most obnoxious thing I’ve ever tweeted.”
As for the future, who knows? “I’m pretty sure my phone is the one goofing up here, and I appreciate that I’ve been humiliated by something that costs like $17 on eBay. I don’t stand a chance against self-driving cars.”
“The biggest takeaway is not my role in this, or my platform, or even what Lauren did,” Blu explained of his now-viral thread. “The biggest takeaway is how universal this thread has become to so many people. To see that so many people find value in this interaction, that is what solidarity [on social media] looks like.”
Also, Apple Music execs, if you’re reading this, please give Lauren a raise.
You know how, when you need to prove you’re a human — instead of a robot — you sometimes have to complete a short exercise involving numbers or photos, called a CAPTCHA? (My personal favorites are the ones where you are shown nine pictures and asked to identify the pizza. I am very good at this.) And you know how there are also audio versions of these, for the visually impaired?
Update: This post has been edited to include quotes from Rodney Blu.
On Amazon, it turns out the audio CAPTCHAs come with the added bonus of being recorded in actual Hell. “Please type the numbers you hear,” begins the automated voice before the horrors begin, which include television static, a creepy child laughing, a dead phone line, and something that sounds suspiciously like Lord Voldemort speaking Parseltongue.
Kudos to anybody who could actually focus on the numbers being read in this CAPTCHA, which are, you know, the whole point of a CAPTCHA. I was too busy worrying that something was going to crawl out of my computer screen and kill me.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump battled it out last night at the first presidential debate. It was … fine? I guess? There are two more of these before our national nightmare season is over. And while political outlets will be making calls about which candidate won the night, here at Select All we’ll be focusing on what really matters: the cyber. So without further ado, here are the winning tweets from last night’s show. (Sorry, from last night’s debate.)
Now, let’s get into the issues. Here’s Hillary Clinton on the importance of the drapery industry.
First, an introduction to our two candidates. Here’s Democratic nominee Hilary Clinton.
And Republican nominee Donald Trump, who appeared to be suffering from a cold.
And in case you were missing him, here’s what Bernie Sanders was up to last night.
And Donald Trump’s feelings about cybersecurity and the mysterious 400-pound hacker threatening the nation from his bed.
Special shout-out to NBC’s Lester Holt for moderating the evening’s proceedings. Or at the very least, for sitting through them.
During the debate, Hillary Clinton’s campaign devoted her website to fact-checking Donald Trump. Donald Trump’s campaign, um, did not.
And then, after just 90 short minutes of commercial-free fun, it was time to pack it up and go home.
Just in case you need a quick recap, here’s the whole hour and a half in one tweet.
And the winner?
Trump demanded credit for not saying “something bad.”
Starting very soon, your Instagram feed is going to look different — a little softer, a little more professional, a little bit deeper. It’s not because of anything Instagram is going to do, though. It’s because of a new feature on the iPhone 7 Plus: “portrait mode,” which allows you to mimic in your phone photos the same depth of field and filmic blur you see in photographs taken by expensive SLR cameras. Portrait mode is available in a public beta now and will make its official debut later this year. I’ve been messing around with it for a few days, and it makes it stupid easy to take photos that might not be good — but that immediately scan as good-looking. And it’s going to be impossible for the Instagram photographer in all of us to stay away.
Some background: Due to limitations in the size of the lens, most smartphone cameras take photographs with a large depth of field, meaning that nearly everything in the photo is in focus, no matter how far it is from the lens. While this is great for certain subjects, it works less well for others, like portraits, where you might want to focus on a single subject. Maybe more important for performative social-media purposes, our eyes have been trained, by years of looking at images, to regard photos with shallower depths of field, where objects too close or too far away from the lens are rendered in an out-of-focus blur, as better — or, at the very least, as more professional. (Until now, Instagram users have used the app’s “Tilt Shift” tool to create inexact blur effects that mimic shallow depths of field.)
I spent a day taking random photos, not really trying to do much more than find things I could foreground and also have enough going on in the background to look interesting. Any pro photographer could look at the photos (particularly in full resolution) and tell it’s a faked effect, and there are still artifacts that are slipping through in beta, including the occasional halo around the object in focus. (There’s going to be a whole new genre of portrait-mode fails circulating on Tumblr.) But when you’re uploading a pic to Instagram, it works well enough, and could fool plenty of people of thinking you’ve shelled out for a fancy DSLR and a decent lens.
The iPhone 7 Plus can’t create true depth of field — its lenses are still too small. But it can fake it. Without getting deep into the weeds of how it works, portrait mode uses the phone’s dual cameras to quickly render a 3-D map of what your phone sees, thanks to the lenses being slightly offset from each other. It then takes that 3-D map and puts things that are farther away into a blur, things that are slightly closer into less blur, and the object that the phone determines to be the focal point into full focus. It’s smart enough to not focus on the nearest thing — things in the extreme foreground get the same blur as things in the background — and works on anything about one to five feet away that’s sufficiently well lit.
What this means is, in the short term, you’re gonna start to see these bokeh photos popping up more and more, a clear signifier to anyone that this person probably shelled out for the iPhone 7 Plus. As you can see in the examples here, none of these photos are particularly great on their own. But the addition of the blurred background, thanks to years of movies and professional photography, is a clear cue to most viewers that they are looking at something that’s of a higher quality than a photo where everything is in focus.
It’s an impressive bit of software to simulate something anyone who takes an Intro to Photography course learns how to do, but which has largely been unavailable to smartphone cameras. (Some other dual-lens smartphones I’ve used, the LG G5 and the LG V20, can do something in the same vein, but Apple’s solution already runs circle around both.)
Other phone makers would be wise to try to ape this as quickly as possible. It’s also entirely possible you’ll start seeing app solutions to get the same effect for single-lens-smartphone users who want to try to play catch-up — it’s possible for a skilled Photoshopper to fake depth of field. Eventually, as multi-camera smartphones become the standard, nearly everyone will be able to use this effect, and a new differentiator will have to be found. But for right now, this will do.
This is actually a bit of a return to the past for Instagram. When the app launched, in 2010, it was for iOS only. When the iPhone 4s launched with a significantly better eight-megapixel camera, it became immediately clear who had the newer phone and who was still limping along, especially on the iPhone’s 3GS two-megapixel camera. When the app was opened up to Android after 18 months, there were widespread (and problematic) complaints about how Android users were going to “ruin” the service. In recent years, these distinctions have largely been erased, as nearly every smartphone sold in the past three years has a pretty good camera on it. But there’s soon going to be a clear delineation between those who chose to lay out at least $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus, and those who didn’t.
Across the country today, classic-rock fans are cracking open Bruce Springsteen’s much-anticipated autobiography, Born to Run. Across its pages, Springsteen recounts his humble coming-of-age in New Jersey, his catapulting to fame, selling out stadiums, and experiencing all that a rocker’s life has to offer. One thing he does not address, however, is this absolutely terrible Bruce Springsteen parody for Windows Vista.
(Yes, that is supposed to be Microsoft-brand Courteney Cox.)
It was initially thought that this was external marketing for Windows Vista, the disastrous follow-up to Windows XP that struggled from day one. And given how terrible Vista was, the idea that they’d send a three-minute bootleg Springsteen song to their enterprise customers is a theory that can easily be justified.
“Rockin’ Our Sales,” by Bruce ServicePack and the Vista Street Band, is just barely a competent aping of Springsteen, a hellish alternate version of the “Dancing in the Dark” video, in which the Boss sings about monitoring employee laptop activity using the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack. If you are the kind of person who goes nuts for diagnostic and recovery tool sets, this is your jam.
At the time that the video was leaked, in the spring of 2008, it was widely ridiculed. And rightfully so! Todd Bishop of seattlepi.com wrote, “I was initially thinking that it might have been concocted by one of Microsoft’s competitors, as a spoof poking fun at the company.” Apple fanboy-in-chief, Jon Gruber, said that “[i]t epitomizes Microsoft’s culture and institutional bad taste.”
The real answer, according to a statement given to the Register at the time, was that it was an internal video made as a joke.
Horrible tech music parodies are more common than you might expect. At the end of 2014, venture-capital firm First Round Capital forced all of their investments to perform in a parody video about Silicon Valley. In 2012, seeking to assuage third-party developer fears, BlackBerry released a video called “Devs, BlackBerry Is Going To Continue Loving You,” featuring executives parodying REO Speedwagon (sample lyric: “And we’re gonna keep on loving you/Our updated SDK is really cool”). Orchestrating an intern flash mob at the company’s all-hands meeting is apparently a tradition at LinkedIn.
At the time, others thought that the Bruce ServicePack video was a spoof made outside of Microsoft, though the appearance of Microsoft COO Kevin Turner toward the end of the video makes that unlikely.
Once you know that it’s an internal goof, the video is kind of charming, in a way. It is also, at the same time, horrifying to watch bizarro Springsteen and Little Steven sweating in a basement dungeon as they perform for their tech masters.
While portrait mode may still be in beta, it already works easily enough. While in portrait mode, your screen will give you instructions — get closer to your subject, move farther away, get more light — until it clicks on a bright yellow tag letting your know you’ve got “Depth Effect” going on. You can also see the results live on your screen, allowing you to fine-tune them. It can feel a little silly: Taking a photo in public is no longer pulling your phone out and snapping a pic, but moving back and forth, your phone in front of you like a dowsing rod, until you find just the right spot to get that pretty bokeh effect going on.
To start, this meme involves two people. The first is a 19-year-old college student named Daniel Cabral. The second is Terry Crews, actor and shirtless Old Spice spokesperson.
Earlier this month, Cabral tweeted a picture of his wallet, containing several credit cards and a picture of Crews as Julius, the thrifty dad from Everybody Hates Chris. “I keep this pic of Terry Crews in my wallet so I can see it when I’m about to waste money on things I don’t need lol,” Cabral explained, to the tune of 220,000 retweets and counting.
Crews, in a move that shows he also enjoys internet culture (hi, Terry, welcome to Select All) or just likes attention, re-created the meme with his own wallet earlier today. He posted a picture of the bit on Instagram, including the same caption and even positioning his wallet over a laptop just like Cabral’s photo.
Memes, they’re just like us!
On Monday evening, the United States Department of Labor filed a lawsuit against Palantir Technologies. The suit alleges that the data-analytics start-up co-founded by Peter Thiel (of PayPal-founding, Facebook-investing, Hulk Hogan–backing, Gawker-killing, and RNC-speaking acclaim) used questionable hiring practices to screen out Asian job applicants.
“Describe Yourself in Three Fictional Characters” is one of the freshest memes to dominate social media, allowing Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram users to describe themselves with near-perfect accuracy through pictures of fictional characters. But what of our old system of finding out who we are with near-perfect accuracy and then talking about it so much: the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator®? Of course, we haven’t thrown out that system of self-contemplation just because we have this new one! In fact, we’ve combined them.
Kind and enthusiastic, ISFJs are wonderful gift-givers. Though they maintain their I (introvert) status, ISFJs are quite personable and are known to make those around them feel comfortable and relaxed. ISFJs are:
Liz Lemon from NBC’s 30 Rock
ESFJs are popular gossips who place a higher premium on social standing than on almost anything else. Remember on 30 Rock when Liz Lemon was on a site that was like UrbanBaby, and she posted about a girl’s bike? Sound familiar? ESFJs are:
Those with ISTJ personalities are hardworking and trustworthy. They’re analytical and rule their lives according to facts rather than feelings. Their word means something, both to co-workers and friends, and they love following rules. ISTJs are:
ENFPs are sociable, talkative, and independent. They make up 7 percent of the population, and are passionate idealists — passionate about “working on [their] night cheese,” probably! ENFPs are:
ESTPs are the personality type it’s okay to be, because it’s not at all embarrassing to be an ESTP, but at the same time, it’s not, like bragging. ESTPs are:
ISTPs are not so beautiful as to be obviously better-looking than everyone else, but they’re still extremely pretty and charismatic, and maybe that’s partly why people are this personality type? I don’t know. Of course, it only makes sense that ISTPs are:
The INFJ personality type is a very rare type indeed! Still, it seems like everyone you know thinks of themselves as this personality type, and even though you’re thinking and you can’t come up with a single friend you’d actually describe as “like this personality type” in real life, INFJs are:
Women of this personality type are homebodies who just love to eat and watch TV on the couch! They’re also intellectual, hardworking, and calculating. It’s crazy to think that one character can be all those things at once, but guess what? INTJs are:
ISFPs are artists, and they love filling their world with color. They’re funny but also appealingly dorky, and doesn’t that remind you of someone? ISFPs are:
Even men can be INFPs, apparently. Crazy to assume they’d leave even one thing for women. INFPs are:
ENTPs love to argue and debate. They also love, I guess, sweaters and, uh, glasses? ENTPs are (of course!):
Brown hair and glasses, INTPs are Liz Lemon. INTPs are:
Blergh, or whatever. ESFPs are:
Ah, finally we’ve gotten to ENTJ. What is there to say about ENTJ? ENTJ is a very special personality type. Each ENTJ is unique! ENTJs, like you, are:
Isn’t it funny how ESTJs, who are clearly ambitious and intelligent, feel the need to acknowledge those qualities only glancingly, wrapped in layers of projection, irony, and nonthreatening nerdiness? “That’s what’s on my mind grapes,” ha, ha. ESTJs are:
Daria from MTV’s Daria
Does the staff of TGS understand the true meaning of Christmas? I don’t know, but Kenneth has made it his mission to find out. Also, Liz’s parents and brother are in town. ENFJs are:
From Reuters:
According to the suit, Palantir “routinely eliminated” Asian candidates. Since 2010, the company has reportedly used résumé and phone screening as a way to filter out these applicants, even if they were just as qualified as other, white applicants for the same positions. Investigation into potential discrimination at Palantir began after the company was randomly selected for review by the Labor Department, which looked at Palantir’s hiring data between 2010 and 2015.
A representative for Palantir told Select All the company plans “to vigorously defend against these allegations.”
From Palantir:
According to the data presented in their suit, the Department of Labor says “the likelihood that this result [hiring 17 non-Asian employees as compared to four Asian ones] occurred according to chance is approximately one in a billion.”
In a presentation today at the International Astronautical Congress (IAC) in Guadalajara, Mexico, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk laid out his plans for colonizing Mars. According to Musk, it’ll cost you about $200,000 and 80 days to get to the Red Planet. If this sounds appealing to you, you’ll need to convince 999,999 of your closest friends to come along, as Musk estimates it’ll take a million people to create a sustainable society on Mars.
Musk’s presentation was teased by a video from SpaceX, detailing what the company’s Interplanetary Transport System could look like. In the past, parts of this system have been referred to as the “Big Fucking Rocket” and the “Big Fucking Spaceship” (BFR and BFS, respectively), but today, Musk, as he was wrapping up his chat, announced his plans to name the first ship to Mars the Heart of Gold. (That’s a Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy reference; sorry, Neil.) He also noted that the rocket to launch the Mars spaceship, sorry, to launch the Heart of Gold, will come in at 77.5 meters tall, run on methane, and be engineered to be reused 1,000 times, allowing for quick turnover between uses.
And yet, as amusing as it was, this is how a considerable portion of the general population thinks about computer-security issues. “Cyber” is an inescapable part of our technological vocabulary. It’s impossible to get the cyber-toothpaste back in the cyber-tube. The New York Times, our paper of record, has an unfortunate habit of affixing “cyber” to anything remotely related to digital warfare — “cyberattack,” “cybertools,” “cyberstrike,” “cyberthreat,” “cyberoperations.” Even Clinton’s more articulate answers — “I think cybersecurity, cyberwarfare will be one of the biggest challenges facing the next president” — did little to convey that she understood the specifics. A substantial cause for all of this “cyber” shorthand is the debate format. If you think discussing foreign policy and economics is difficult to do in two minutes, try and boil down end-to-end encryption. “Cyberwarfare,” though a bit more specific, is still just a type of warfare.
Indeed, lexicographer Kory Stamper told ThinkProgress, “the way Donald Trump uses ‘the cyber,’ it’s not really clear what he means by it … Sometimes he means cyber security. Sometimes he means cyber warfare or cyber terrorism. Sometimes it seems like he just means computers.” Trump brought up ISIS during his rambling answer, despite the fact that ISIS’s prolific, effective use of social media does not qualify as a cybersecurity threat.
In a way, “cyber” has a distancing effect, signaling, “I know this is an important issue, but I don’t know enough to be more specific than that. Cut me some slack.” The shrewd effect of Trump’s repeated “cyber” is that cyber is so vague as to be meaningless. To talk about cyber is to signal that you know that computers exist, and not much else. “The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough” is a correct statement, if you take “cyber” as a stand-in for “the entirety of digital technology.”
While the literal meaning of the term is nearly useless, the feelings that “cyber” conjures up are particularly evocative, menacing even. More so than its functional equivalent, the word computers. Talking about computers is like talking about hammers — tools that only take on sinister purposes when wielded by sinister people. “Cyber” is something altogether different. It’s inherently a word that evokes fear, seemingly out of human control. (Of course, language is continually in flux. “To cyber” is a decades-old verb that means something … well, if you have to ask, you’re too young to know.)
“We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.” That was Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump during last night’s debate, speaking about the need for stronger cybersecurity measures. At least, I think that’s what he was speaking about: The term cybersecurity never once left his lips — he just kept talking about “cyber.”
“Cyberspace” — the idea of an infinite digital void within which people and programs are constantly connecting, communicating, fighting, arguing, and transacting — is a powerful fallback whenever one is at a loss to talk about technology. Its vagueness is no accident. Even Gibson admitted as much in the 2000 documentary No Maps for These Territories. A frequently cited quote:
The “cyber” prefix dates back to ancient Greece, where they coined the term cybernetics. Obviously, it was not applied to robots (Norbert Wiener did that in the mid–20th century). Our modern understanding of “cyber” is most clearly attributable to science-fiction writer William Gibson, who created the word “cyberspace” and popularized the term in his 1984 novel Neuromancer.
Gibson would be proven right again and again. In 2016, we are stuck in a transition period — one in which many of the people in power do not understand the intricacies of technology, and in which it is also unacceptable for politicians to not have a grasp on these things. (Not that our politicians need to be computer scientists, only that they need to, at the very least, give a shit.) As a tech-discussion panacea, “cyber” will stick around in our lexicon until people who believe that their 10-year-old son’s Minecraft prowess is comparable to state-sponsored hacking operations die out. And that will take decades, if not centuries.
The thing about vagueness is that, while it makes for unobjectionable rhetoric, it makes for terrible policies. Legislation lives and dies on its comprehensiveness, its specificity. In particular, computer legislation in the United States such as the CFAA is so outdated and vague (what is “unauthorized access”?) as to be dangerous to the people it’s meant to protect. Taking aim at the fog-covered world of “cyber” is not only ignorant, foolish, and futile, it poses significant risks for anyone who uses a computer. That’s pretty much everyone in this country.
As for a timeline, we’re still a ways out from bopping around on Mars. (Also, once we get there, we’ll still have to figure out how to live on a cold, waterless, and rather unwelcoming space rock, a predicament Musk mostly skipped over during today’s presentation.) Musk plans to launch unmanned crafts to the planet by May 2018, and to continue sending ships every few years after, working toward the goal of transporting people. When asked if he intends to be the first man on Mars, Musk said there were definitely pros and cons to consider. “The probability of death is quite high on the first mission, and I’d like to see my kids grow up,” the father of five explained.
Bert and Ernie. Thelma and Louise. Abbott and Costello. Rum and Coke. But the most iconic of pair of them all — and the inspiration for today’s fresh meme? Kendall and Kylie Jenner.
The photo of the Jenner sisters, and its accompanying challenge, was tweeted last week, but started picking up steam last night and this morning. “I wanted to see how people would respond to me calling Kendall and Kylie iconic,” the meme creator told me via DM. (The user has since locked her account and asked to remain anonymous for the sake of her mentions. Or at least, to remain as anonymous as the creator of a viral meme on the World Wide Web can be.)
Joke or not, the “iconic duo” tweet has taken on a life of its own. Turns out, plenty of people are eager to name duos more iconic than Jenner Thing 1 and Jenner Thing 2. (Worth noting; this isn’t the first instance of the iconic-duo joke online, but the Jenner tweet was the spark that started the meme fire.)
As for the meme’s creator, she says she is hoping the hype will pass soon. “All tweets die out eventually, so I’m not worried about it :),” she explained. Though I’m not quite as sure. Iconic duos may come and go, but memes … memes are forever.
Of course, it’s hard for a single meme to please everybody.
When I asked if she truly believed the sisters were “iconic,” the answer was a firm no.
Chase Stout and his girlfriend, Kenzie Jones, adopted a gray kitten named Mr. Wilson earlier this fall. Here’s what we know about the creature, according to Stout: He weighs in at a “hefty 1.9 pounds,” his best friend is a German shepherd (yes, really), and Mr. Wilson enjoys a nice stack of pancakes.
Recently, I came across a video which reveled in the humiliation of a hapless squirrel:
Here, watch it again:
Notice how the squirrel pathetically tries to steal the ball, only for the ball-handler to effortlessly cross back to the left and head straight to the hoop for an easy layup. It will be awhile before that squirrel shows its lazy-defense-playing face on the basketball court again.
Naturally, this video raised an important question: Are there other, similar videos of animals getting served on the basketball court? Yes. Yes there are.
Take, for example, this video of Kelvin Peña and his deer-friend, Money — you can read more about their inspiring relationship here — playing one-on-one:
Sometimes, it is hard to interpret what animals are thinking, but here it isn’t. Money is thinking to himself, I can choose to face what’s coming — can choose to get served — or I can flee to the woods, where there are no basketballs and I will be safe. Money makes the right choice.
The cynical viewer could point to a problem with both these clips: The animals aren’t fully engaged in the defensive task at hand. One of them makes a lackadaisical effort at a steal and then gives up; the other literally bolts from the scene after a couple through-the-legs dribbles. How about a video where the animal in question is clearly trying to not get served, and yet gets served regardless?
Okay:
Getting your ankles broken is the ultimate mark of humiliation on the basketball court, and the fact that the dog pops right back up, acting like everything’s okay — as though everyone didn’t just see what everyone in fact just saw — doesn’t make it any better. It is time for Fido’s basketball career to be taken to the pound and given a quick, painless death. It’s the only humane thing to do.
Let’s end on a slightly less embarrassing note:
This dog isn’t where it needs to be, defensively. It still spends too much time looking at the ball-handler with a dumb, dopey expression on its face. But there’s raw talent there — you can tell, especially at 00:28, when the pooch briefly turns the tables and schools its owner with a slick through-his-legs move. And since the video was shot more than four years ago, who knows where that dog is now in his basketball career? Maybe there is hope yet for animals trying to not get served all the time.
“I love breakfast and love to cook, so while I was making myself some pancakes I decided I would make him some too so he could eat his own with me at the table while I ate mine,” Stout explained via Twitter DM. He says Mr. Wilson appears to enjoy his cooking, “but just like any other kitten, he lost his attention span before really eating too much.” “I wasn’t going to let him eat them all anyways, because I didn’t want him to get sick,” he added.
This week, Jones went out of town, leaving Stout alone with Mr. Wilson for the first time. Before she left, Jones reminded Stout to feed the cat. So he did. He fed him tiny, kitten-sized pancakes. (Stout would like to make it clear that while his adult-sized cakes contained chocolate chips, he did not put any in the kitten’s breakfast.)
Stout, who is a business student at Iowa State University, is the second person to go viral this year for whipping up a miniature breakfast for a pet. In August, a teenager from Iowa cooked dozens of similarly Lilliputian pancakes for her chickens. (Stout says he had no idea about the chicken-pancake teen. “Wait what?! For chickens! Haha no! Where at?”) Her reasoning: because “they is good chickens.”
Houseparty is intuitive and fun to use (unlike its closest rival from a feature point of view, Google Hangouts). But it’s also successful because its makers understand what’s actually appealing about live video. Ben Rubin, Meerkat’s CEO, is also the first leader of a live-video project to admit that the burgeoning format’s current “one to many” public mode of broadcast isn’t working. On Facebook, it’s being pitched as a way for brands and celebrities to seem more accessible, while the utility to individual users is barely justified, except for moments of breaking news. Rubin told the Verge:
Remember Meerkat? The livestreaming app that took South by Southwest by storm approximately 100 billion years ago (e.g., 2015)? You probably don’t, because it was quickly usurped by more well-armed competitors, Twitter’s Periscope and Facebook Live, as livestreaming video became Silicon Valley’s latest obsession.
This is, in all likelihood, where live video is heading. Unless everyone wants to be the star of their own regularly hosted show, the format will revert to what it’s always been for, killing time and gossiping with friends out of public view.
There is a growing aversion to the default-public web, most noticeably catalyzed by Snapchat, a service meant for messaging and temporary ephemera that leaves little trace (how much it logs on the back end is anyone’s guess).
While Meerkat faded, the Verge reports, its creators have spent the last year building up another app in secret — one focused on private video chat — and seeding it in college campuses across the country. Private video with friends is the concept behind Houseparty, an app that allows you to video-chat with several friends at once. Even in stealth mode, it’s already at one million users.
Back in my day, if you hated your roommate, you’d march uphill in the snow to the mail center and send an angry telegram to your real friends. But today, if you hate your roommate, you can tweet about her. Just make sure your Twitter is private — otherwise you run the risk of your now-angry roommate finding your tweets, printing them out, and stapling them to a public bulletin board.
Penn State student @JessyJeanie tweeted a picture of her handiwork yesterday afternoon. Since then, more than 200,000 people have faved and retweeted the picture, and the saga has continued in her subsequent tweets and replies. Following her viral tweet, @JessyJeanie alleged that her roommate called the cops “because I had weed and she hates me.” (@JessyJeanie also claims she had previously asked the roommate about keeping weed in their room, which her roommate allegedly said was “okay” if she didn’t get caught.) The women’s R.A. has since reached out to attempt to mediate the situation, to which we say, uh, well, good luck!
Meanwhile, the drama has only grown on Twitter, with people from both sides weighing in on the incident. (Get your popcorn out now.) @JessyJeanie’s roommate has not tweeted anything about the incident, but as of publishing this story, her subtweets were still up and public. (Though let’s be honest, calling out your roommate by name as “roommate” is the lowest level of subtweeting.)
This story is officially better than anything on television this fall and I can’t wait to see what happens next.
A company called Savioke has developed a fleet of snack-and-toothpaste-toting room-service robots that aim to take the human element out of room-service delivery.
If you’re a drone newbie who’s thinking about joining the party (since it’s hard to compete with a good “dronie” on the old Snapchat feed), this could be the one to invest in. Best $1,000 you’ve ever spent? Debatable.
There are only (only!) 40 more days until the election, which means you have just 40 days left to perfect your voting smize. (Or your prune. Or your fingermouth — pick your preferred selfie pose.) Don’t worry, you’ll be protected by law: A federal appeals court just upheld a decision that struck down a ban on ballot photography for violating the First Amendment.
Voting selfies have a storied history in the United States. Taking a photo of your ballot has been illegal in New Hampshire for several decades, theoretically to keep people from selling their votes and then using their selfie as proof. (The Wall Street Journal reports there was “little evidence” of this ever actually happening in the state.) “In 2014, New Hampshire amended a statute meant to avoid vote buying and voter intimidation by newly forbidding citizens from photographing their marked ballots and publicizing such photographs,” the opinion from today’s ruling, provided to Select All by an associate at the law firm Hogan Lovells, explains.
But now, New Hampshire voters are in the clear to check the box (pull the lever?) for Trump, Clinton, or the Easter Bunny and take a picture of themselves doing it. As for voters in the rest of the country, each state has its own rules regarding ballot selfies (you can check them here) — but if this appellate-court decision is any indication, those laws are in danger of being struck down as well. Not that there aren’t other ways to let my loyal social-media followers know I voted for someone other than my dog.
With that, one of the defendants in the case, Andrew Langlois, faced potential fines after writing in a vote for his dog and posting a picture of it on Facebook during the 2014 primaries. And Langlois wasn’t the only one who who thought the statute was bogus. As the selfie ban worked its way through the courts, Snapchat even filed an amicus brief in favor of striking it down. (A company whose product runs on selfies is … pro-selfie? Go figure!)
Last year, some guy made us look for a panda and the fabric of time changed forever. Today: A puzzling photo of a bathroom floor is moving its way up on Reddit. In it, a fuzzy, black bath mat sits on top of a black-and-white-tiled floor. And on top of that … well, take a look.
If you can’t see what’s on top of the mat, redditors suggest shaking your phone. If you’re on a desktop, you can simulate this by scrolling up and down real fast. Can you see it now? Yes? (If this picture looks familiar, you may have seen it before; this isn’t the first time it has made the internet rounds.) Still no?
Okay, fine. It’s a dog.
Just a short 15 minutes ago, Aaron Carter, blond musician and onetime house-party host, tweeted out his phone number saying he was looking to “have some fun right now.” “FaceTime only,” the guy who allegedly beat Shaq followed up on Twitter. (This is not the first time Carter has done this. Some might call this thirsty. We’ll just call it … fun!)
Next Tuesday, Google will be holding a huge device-release event. Rumors and predictions currently hold that it’ll be showing off a new phone, a virtual-reality headset, a 4K Chromecast, a new Wi-Fi router, potentially their new hybrid mobile/desktop OS, and the Google Home (i.e., Google’s response to the Amazon Echo). Set to be streamed live, the event has a curious hashtag: #MadeByGoogle.
So, naturally, I called him up. The first few tries were unsuccessful, leaving me staring back at my own, sad face on Carter’s preferred calling app. Then, on the fourth try, the ringing stopped and the call connected. Aaron’s tattooed neck flickered onto my screen for the briefest of moments before the call was ended.
Crestfallen, I called a few (few, 15, something like that) more times. Once again, the ringing stopped and the call went through. There he was. Aaron Carter. Aaron said hi and asked me if I knew who he was. (Yes.) Then he asked if I knew who the other dude on the call with him was. (No. Sorry, Christian.) Other topics of our brief conversation included why I was wearing such large headphones (Me: “Uh, I’m at work.”) and who was making that goofy laugh from the cubicle behind me (Me: “Uh, my boss … because I’m at work).
Aaron chided me for being on Twitter while at the office and then said he had to say good-bye so he could tend to his other fans. Before he left, I asked him one, final question. “Aaron, do you have a favorite meme?”
“No, I don’t,” the 28-year-old who once guest starred on a Christmas episode of Lizzie McGuire said. I told Aaron he was letting me down, to which he replied “we’re all a letdown sometimes” and promptly hung up.
A little background for why that hashtag might raise eyebrows: Google has always had a bit of a weird relationship with consumer hardware. Unlike its rival Apple, Google made its bones on a search engine and (usually) stellar software, and has only sporadically designed and sold hardware. In the smartphone-and-tablet space, it’s been largely content to distribute Android, its mobile OS, for free and make money off advertising and the Google Play store. It’s dabbled in hardware — the Nexus line of phones and tablets have shown off how good Android and smart-hardware design can be, but they are more guideposts for other manufacturers than outright attempts to make hardware the focus of Google’s output. (And even the Nexus line has largely been made in concert with manufacturers like LG or HTC.) Other forays, such as Google Glass, have been laughable failures. For an example of how clumsy Google can be around hardware, just look at the development of its modular smartphone, Project Ara. It was first revealed in 2014 before going dormant, then was resurrected at Google’s I/O event in May this year, and then killed again at the beginning of September.
But why would Google change the name of their phones from Nexus to Pixel?
This is where Google is already making a marketing push. Made in very close coordination with HTC, these phones may be both tentpole phones, showing off Android at its best, and Google’s bid for the mass market that so far has eluded its Nexus line of phones. It’s expected to have two versions, the Pixel and the phablet Pixel XL, mirroring how Apple bifurcated its own lineup in 2014 with the iPhone 6. It’s also rumored that the phone will only be available for physical sales at Verizon stores, though phones sold online through Google’s own store will almost certainly be unlocked to any carrier that will have them.
One, Google was simply running out of names — its smartphone line currently sits with the Nexus 6P at the top, and the Nexus 7 is already a popular tablet (not to mention the number 7 has been used by both Samsung and Apple this year for their own flagship phones).
Two, the only other Google product to carry the Pixel name is Google’s Pixel line of high-end Chromebooks and the Pixel C convertible tablet. It’s an open secret that Google is working on an OS, for now being called Andromeda, that will combine Android and ChromeOS, and Google may want to gather all of its devices, from phones to tablet to laptops, under one banner. However, the phone itself will likely be running Android 7.1.
Former Motorola president Rick Osterloh was hired in April to head up all of Google’s hardware initiatives (with the exception of smart-home thermostat company Nest), bringing many of Google’s hardware fiefdoms under one roof. (Osterloh was formerly at Google when it bought Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion in 2012, before selling it 18 months later for just under $3 billion to Chinese manufacturer Lenovo.) Six months in hardware development is the blink of an eye, so it’ll be hard to judge how Osterloh is doing so far, but it should be a good indicator of what Google and Osterloh hope to do with Google hardware over the coming years. Here’s what we think we’ll probably see:
While Google may be ditching the Nexus branding for its phones, it may be rolling out a refresh on the Nexus 7 — one of my personal favorite tablets — made by the increasingly popular Chinese manufacturer Huawei (the first two Nexus 7 tablets were made by Asus).
However, leaks and rumors about this are kinda all over the place. It’s not clear whether this will actually continue the Nexus branding, whether it will actually be called the Nexus 7 or just be a spiritual successor, or will get bumped over to the Pixel family. It may be the first device to run the new Andromeda OS — or it may run Android with the ability for devs to install Andromeda on it. It’s not even clear if this tablet will be shown off at the Made by Google event. All anybody really knows is this, from reliable leaker Evan Blass:
There’s reason to believe we will get some look at Andromeda. Head of Android development Hiroshi Lockheimer tweeted this over the weekend:
Andromeda, first reported by The Wall Street Journal in late 2015, represents a years-long effort by Google to reconcile the two operating systems it currently uses: Android on mobile and most of its tablets, and ChromeOS for Chromebooks and a few convertible tablets. If it can create a usable operating system that works both for mobile and desktop at the same time — something Microsoft and Apple are both still struggling to do — there’s a chance Google could one day own desktop-OS market share in the same way it currently owns mobile-OS market share.
Almost assuredly making its debut will be Google’s Daydream platform and the Daydream headset, potentially called Daydream View. This is Google’s major leap forward, after years of sending out as many samples of its cheap Google Cardboard glasses as possible, and months of behind-the-scenes work securing filmmakers to use Google’s Jump platform to create 3-D video for VR.
So far, mobile VR has been dominated by Samsung’s Gear VR, which does a fine job, thanks to both Samsung’s high-quality screens and its partnership with Oculus, which provides some vital software to help reduce motion sickness.
A fun fact that’s gone relatively unreported: Google’s Chromecast was the best-selling streaming product last year (despite not being sold through Amazon). As 4K televisions begin to saturate the market, and more streaming content is available in 4K resolution, Google is set to launch its 4K-ready Chromecast Ultra, which will reportedly cost $79 — double the price of its original Chromecast.
One thing to keep in mind is that Google isn’t really attempting to become a juggernaut in hardware (though it obviously hopes to start selling more and more of its own products). Consumer hardware, unless your company happens to be named Apple, is a place of small profit margins and fierce competition. Case in point: While Google’s Chromecast sales are great, it’s sold on the cheap and the margins on it are likely very thin. The real reason to push the Chromecast? It was a way to test and perfect the system that will power the Google Home, Google’s answer to Amazon’s Echo.
Debuted at Google’s I/O conference in May, the Home device is two things: a digital hub for your smart-home devices, and a voice assistant that can do things like control your smart home, keep track of your events, book flights, and so on. It’s similar to Amazon’s line of Echo speakers, which have become a stealth hit over the last couple years thanks to the Alexa voice assistant — but it could have a leg up on Alexa in two key areas.
One, if you have a Google account and use it on a regular basis, you’ve already turned over a tremendous amount of information to Google, everything from what you like to read and search for to your normal Google map searches (and where your home and office are). This is information that Amazon simply doesn’t have — it may have your home address and your shopping habits, but beyond that it’s left in the dark, unless you choose to manually enter more info into Alexa.
Two, Google’s assistant (already available in a slightly different form on Android handsets as OK Google and Google Now) has better overall speech recognition than Amazon. This is mainly because Google has a larger corpus of speech with which to train its machine-learning programs. It can also react to previous questions and statements: Ask a question about when The Magnificent Seven is playing and Google will serve up times. Ask again “Can I buy tickets for it?” and it’ll take you to a purchase page for the movie. Ask the same sequence of questions to Alexa, and it will simply do a search for “buy tickets for it,” without remembering that the conversation was about Denzel’s killing a bunch of dudes.
Google has dipped a toe in these waters before with its OnHub, but the router was silently abandoned, as promised updates never came to fruition. The relaunch, reportedly simply called “Google Wi-Fi,” looks to serve much the same purpose — dirt-simple Wi-Fi setup for everyone — with a couple of added bonuses. The one that should catch everyone’s eyes: the ability to support mesh networking, meaning you can use multiple routers to expand your Wi-Fi network through your home, something that’s currently only possible either through complicated Wi-Fi extenders or expensive options like Eero. The base router is reported to cost $129.
In the world of Chromebooks, HP, Lenovo, Acer, Samsung, and others all produce variations on what a Chromebook is usually imagined as: a cheap laptop with a decent keyboard and not much onboard storage space that you can grab for $150 to $300 (or maybe $400 if you’re feeling flush). But Google’s Pixel laptops were defiantly high-end, and were priced that way: The original Pixel cost $1,299 and the Pixel 2 came in at $999.
What remains to be seen is whether Google Home, which will cost $129, or $50 less than Amazon’s Echo, will be able to match the Echo’s remarkable long-distance microphone array that lets you talk to it even in a loud room or with music playing, without having to raise your voice or even turn toward the device.
The Pixel laptops were also notable for being both designed and manufactured entirely by Google (or, to be more precise, manufactured by a subcontractor in China, much like the relationship between Apple and Foxconn). With the whole #MadeByGoogle atmosphere around the event, it would make sense for Google to talk about its work on the Pixel 3, known within the company as “Bison.” Rumored to be released sometime in fall of 2017, it will undoubtedly run Andromeda — which means, of course, it will no longer technically be a Chromebook. This may be a no-show at the event — or it may be the perfect time to show that Google doesn’t need to rely on HTC or LG or Huawei to create products consumers will want to buy.
“Professional women, are you properly curating your online first impression?” John Greathouse, a white dude who works as a partner at a venture-capital firm, asks in his recent op-ed for The Wall Street Journal. (More specifically, “The Experts” blog for The Wall Street Journal.) Surprising as it might seem from such a charming and thoughtful opening line, what comes next is a train wreck of sexist apologetics and generally bad thinking: According to Greathouse, women who work in tech might want to eliminate any digital evidence that they are, well, women, lest it knock them out of the running for a position because a potential employer found out they weren’t men. From The Wall Street Journal:
That said, when Google releases without carrier exclusivity, it tends to be able to offer high-end phones at budget prices — the (very solid) Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P, released in 2015, went on sale for $379 and $499, respectively. The last time Google teamed up with Verizon, for the Nexus 6, it went on sale for $649. The rumored price for the Pixel phones this time around? Around $649 for the smaller Pixel with 32GB of storage, and presumably more for the Pixel XL.
What will the Daydream bring to the table? Well, for one, unlike the Samsung Gear, the Daydream platform will likely be available across every device that meets minimum specs — even, possibly, iPhones.
One interesting wrinkle: This may not be called a Chromecast at all. A report from VentureBeat suggests that the device may lose all Chrome branding altogether, in favor of the “G” symbol now widely used across many of Google’s apps and properties.
Greathouse cites several studies regarding the dangers of personal bias. In one, he explains 56 percent of people are more likely to complete a survey from someone with a name like their own. Or, as he eloquently put it, “a man will not feel such inherent ‘liking’ from a female name, unless the female entrepreneur happens to use a unisex name.” (Cindy Johnson and Cynthia Johannson, for example. Hope you weren’t planning on working in tech, Cindy and Cynthia!)
This is, it hardly needs to be said, insane. It’s essentially saying that if people are biased against you, it’s your problem, not theirs. It you want to be liked and to get hired for the job you probably deserve anyway because you are smart and well-trained, just go change everything about yourself. It’s just like the finale of Grease! Except don’t wear those black leather pants or stilettos to the job interview, or your potential new boss will definitely know you’re a woman.
Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to go change all my social-media handles and firebomb all my profile pictures. Better yet, I think I’ll just start applying to all jobs under the name “Steve Jobs.” That should do the trick. Thanks for the great advice, John!
There’s some hell-world logic by which Greathouse’s advice makes sense — if you, individually, can’t fix the problem of your potential employers’ bias, maybe you need to work within it. (What a horrible world where “hide who you are” is even briefly worth consideration as life advice!) The problem is that Greathouse should be directing his advice elsewhere. The market is short 600,000 engineers, and yet women are leaving the tech industry “in droves.” Talent, ideas, products, opportunities, and resources are lost — apparently because employers can’t see beyond the names on a résumé and investors go insane at the sound of a woman’s voice.
An iPhone lock-screen can say a lot about a person. For example, a device still using the pre-set wallpaper might say this person is chill and dgaf.(That or this person doesn’t know how to use their phone.) And a phone with a user who selected a personal photo might scream nostalgia or possible vanity. (I have not changed my lock screen in months because I’ll be damned if it isn’t the best picture of me from the past year.)
All these are fine options, but as it turns out there is only one good choice for a truly excellent lock screen: Kayne West. Twitter user @michaellbutlerr shared a picture of his iPhone screen yesterday, which features a shot of West, hands raised to the sky, from West’s Yeezy Season 3 presentation at Madison Square Garden earlier in 2016. The arms are positioned just right, so every time @michaellbutlerr gets a notification it looks like West is holding it above his head, like some kind of modern-day iOS Atlas.
Thank you, Kayne and Michael, for the inspiration. (I’m still not changing my wallpaper.) In case you’re looking to change up your lock screen, do what you will with the image below. (Not that I’m suggesting you illegally download this picture. I would never do that.)
In the wake of the Chelsea bombing allegedly committed by Ahmad Khan Rahami, the Federal Communications Commission today approved an upgrade to the Wireless Emergency Alert system used following the attack.
The FCC has now approved a proposal made last November (months before the bombing) that increases the WEA system’s capabilities, upping the character limit from 90 characters to 360 on 4G networks, and allowing for multimedia and hyperlinks.
The upgraded system will also have better geotargeting for alerts, which is currently so imprecise that the messages blanket entire cities and regions.
In its current form, emergency alerts are limited to 90 plain-text characters and nothing else. That partially explains why law enforcement sent out the vague, dangerous emergency alert looking for Rahami on the Monday following the explosion.
“Vague directives in text about where to find more information about a suspect — just as we saw in New York — are not good enough,” FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said.
Studies have shown that fidgeting can be good for you. And that may be part of the reason this deceptively simple toy far exceeded its $15,000 Kickstarter goal. And by far exceeded, we mean raised over $5 million.
Update: John says he’s sorry.
The video-game culture wars seem to be flaring up a bit. Wednesday, Heat Street ran not one but two articles on a favorite bugaboo of “real” gamers everywhere: artsy, story-focused games which offer scant interactivity and demand little to no skill on the part of the player. They’re more like films than games, goes the usual critique, and games are supposed to be games. Worse, these games often tackle themes like race, class, identity, and so forth, inevitably offering up some sort of progressive message — they’re political, which is just about the worst and most annoying thing a video game can be.
Here’s Hicks, decrying the rise of walking simulators:
William Hicks explained “Why ‘Walking Simulator’ Video Games Have Become So Political” in his article, while Ian Miles Cheong decried, in his, the perception that “Criticizing The Indie Game ‘Virginia’ Makes You A Racist Misogynist” (that one’s got a lot of spoilers for Virginia). “Walking simulator,” for those unfamiliar with the term, is a derogatory phrase used to describe these types of games because, in the eyes of a certain aggrieved subset of gamers, all you ever really do is walk around and read stuff and listen to dialogue, and that’s boring.
And here’s Cheong, complaining about the positive critical reception of Virginia, a recently released story-focused thriller in which you play a young African-American F.B.I. agent — it’s a game which embraces a style of dreamy weirdness that is very reminiscent of Twin Peaks:
While Hicks and Cheong are making different arguments, both are trying to defend the same basic ideas: that titles like Virginia aren’t games in the same way “real” games (read: Gears of War) are; that the only reason people are into them is because the corrupt SJW media relentlessly shoves them down readers’ throats; and that the indie game scene has gotten politicized in an oppressive, SJWs-only way.
VGCWs constitute a fairly small group, and the vast majority of the world’s estimated billion-plus video-game players remain blissfully unaware of their complaints. But given the fact that two years after Gamergate first erupted, there’s still a cottage industry geared at stoking this form of resentment — arguably a growing cottage industry, in light of all the resources Heat Street, Breitbart Tech, and other sites have dedicated to covering and amplifying VGCW rage — it’s still worth exploring exactly what’s going on here, and explaining why Hicks’s and Cheong’s arguments make so little logical sense.
Hicks and Cheong are speaking to a group I’ll call video-game culture warriors, or VGCWs. Terminology is a little tricky here. I don’t want to say “Gamergaters,” because while there’s huge overlap between Gamergaters and VGCWs, there are likely a fair number of VGCWs who don’t consider themselves Gamergaters, especially since that community seems to have gotten a bit more radical of late. I also don’t want to use “hardcore gamers” or anything like that, because there are plenty of hardcore gamers — the people who destroy you in endlessly impressive and agonizing ways every time you try to play Overwatch — who don’t care a whit about the culture wars (a point to which I’ll return shortly).
Most gamers really don’t give a crap about this culture war. In much the same way some people see Transformers but not Memento, others see Memento but not Transformers, and yet others happily see both, gamers — defined, as it should be, as “people who play video games” — have a wide range of interests and preferences when it comes to video games. Naturally, there is a bigger market for so-called AAA games — your Gears, your Halos, your Final Fantasys — than there is for typically quirkier, quieter fare like Virginia or Gone Home.
But it’s important to realize that while the same normal snobbishness holds within gaming that holds within any other sprawling fan community, with people snarking about one another’s preferences all the time, most gamers — likely the vast majority — don’t view this divide between “real” games and “walking simulators” as particularly meaningful. People play the games they like to play. If I want to unwind with some mindless fun, I’ll play Super Meat Boy, which is brilliant. If I want to think about relationships and family and secrets, and how the three interact, I’ll play Gone Home, which is also brilliant, but in a totally different way. There’s no reason we can’t include all these different types of games under the broad rubric of “video games,” and it’s worth remembering that only a very small, very loud minority is making a mountain of this taxonomic molehill in the first place.
It does feel like games dealing with “meaningful” themes do sometimes get graded on a curve, but this isn’t unique to games journalism. Fragments of Him is far from the only example of such critical leniency, but it’s a good one. Released this past spring, it’s an artsy indie game that traces the aftermath of a fatal car crash on the friends and family of the victim, a young British gay man. “Fragments of Him is an astonishing story of love and loss,” trumpeted the headline of Polygon’s review, written by Colin Campbell. Destructoid’s Laura Kate Dale gave the game a very low score, citing the clunky interactive elements and bad pacing, but praised its “strong acting and writing.”
So here, in no particular order, are some thoughts about all this.
Even if artsy games do sometimes get graded on a curve, that still doesn’t excuse the annoying VGCW tendency to lump them together in one monolithic category, ignoring massive gradations in quality and critical response. Hicks argues that “[t]hese types of games are beloved by Feminist Frequency types who hail them as brilliant alternatives to the ‘male power fantasy’ inherent in most big budget violent games.” This is dumb straw-man pandering and it makes me cringe to even engage with it — for Chrissake, many of the exact same critics who rate “walking simulators” highly also rate AAA shoot-’em-ups highly! — but it highlights an important myth driving VGCW complaints: that all the artsy games they hate constitute one terrible stew.
Does the fact that some reviewers disagreed with me mean games-writing has been infiltrated by SJWs trying to push some political agenda? Of course not. For one thing, people are allowed to disagree about what constitutes good writing or good symbolism, of course, and there’s no objective formula for judging that sort of thing. But perhaps more important: Remember that Crash, as ham-fisted, offensive, and just plain wrongheaded a look at race relations that you’ll ever see Hollywood produce, won a Best Picture Oscar! That alone should be enough to end any claim that there’s something uniquely awful going on when it comes to game critics and the equivalent of Oscar-bait titles. When it comes to art dealing with heavy issues like race or sex or identity or tragedy, people have a tendency to tear up over bullshit, over emotionally manipulative saccharine pablum. It would be shocking if that weren’t happening in games criticism. Critics are humans, too.
I think those reviews, and others, pulled punches in a way that isn’t going to help drive the medium forward. I argued back in May that Fragments of Him both plays poorly and is poorly written — the game-play elements are fairly dysfunctional, the story is filled with cringeworthy, look how grief-y and meaningful their grief is, lines like “It’s okay to long for him still, but I know it’s okay to live again, too,” and “It’s enough to know part of him lives on with me,” and it doesn’t come close to exploring the concept of grief in a nuanced, sophisticated way.
In reality, those of us who sometimes enjoy artsy games are — shockingly — capable of explaining why we enjoy the ones we enjoy, speaking coherently about which elements work and which ones don’t, and so on. We aren’t zombies — different games have different strong and weak suits. Some are brilliant and others suck. If you want, I can explain to you why I loved Gone Home, why I liked Firewatch a lot, why I thought Lieve Oma was fine but also a missed opportunity, and why Fragments of Him didn’t do it for me.
All of these games can spark interesting conversations. Just in the course of pitching and writing this article, an editor and I disagreed about various elements of Firewatch. In the Hicksian/Cheongian world, none of this intellectual activity and debate is going on. Instead, I fell in love with Gone Home as soon as I realized there was a lesbian in it, because I was just so damn eager to performatively support lesbians, or something. This is stupid and insulting. Fragments of Him had a gay relationship at its center, and I disliked it because it wasn’t a good game and wasn’t a good story.
Hicks and Cheong and other VGCW peddlers can’t really acknowledge this. In fact, it’s vital rhetorical territory for them, because if it’s simply the case that a lot of people out there like Gone Home and want more games like it, then all those panicky VGCW claims about the SJW infestation of gaming basically collapse to “I am mad that people like different things than I do” (consider the preceding sentence foreshadowing). So they ignore the reality. Cheong’s argument is typical: The positive press for Virginia, he writes, “wouldn’t be an issue if the game weren’t being pushed so favorably by the favorable press, which deludes people into purchasing it. Those buyers invariably get upset and demand refunds.”
The VGCW worldview relies on a weird false-consciousness argument that ignores the evidence that there is a market for smart story-focused indie games. Given the reaction many fans and critics have had to these games, particularly the best ones, there’s solid reason to believe there is a dedicated fan base for this fare, even if it is a smaller fan base than that of the potential audience for, say, Hearthstone. People want more games like this.
Cheong seems concerned about a hypothetical consumer who reads positive reviews for Virginia, ignores everything in those reviews describing what the game actually is, buys the game based on the fragment of the reviews he read, gets outraged to find out a game marketed as a weird Lynchian thriller is a weird Lynchian thriller, and then demands a refund. Is this a scenario worth losing much sleep over? For what it’s worth, the only Google News result for “refunds Virginia game” is … Cheong’s own article. Where are these grifted gamers Cheong is expressing such tender concern for? On the other hand, there are oodles of articles covering the countless refund requests for No Man’s Sky, a massively hyped AAA with no progressive politics that is the polar opposite of a walking simulator.The point is, if you have any faith in markets to sift products that people like and want from products they don’t like and want — and whatever else markets are, this is one of their strong suits — these common arguments about gamers getting bamboozled don’t really make sense (they also treat gamers themselves like moron lemmings). If narrative indie games sucked over and over, people wouldn’t express enthusiasm about them, and there wouldn’t be a small but burgeoning scene surrounding the acts of making, playing, and discussing them.
Instead, people do play these games, read about them, debate them, and make them. Oftentimes, financing an indie project is more of a challenge than financing a “traditional” game, of course — no one is saying there’s the same market for Gone Home that there is for Destiny — but it’s impossible to take an honest look at the current landscape and conclude that interest in these games is contrived as a result of fawning media attention. In much the same way people like indie films focused on characters and story and emotions, but these films will never supplant Transformers at the box office, people like narrative indie games, too.
VGCWs ignore the fact that long before adult indies were even a thing, the gaming press was relentlessly hyping mainstream games too. There are absolutely problems with how the gaming media and the gaming industry interact. Often there’s an absence of sufficient critical distance. No Man’s Sky, again, is a great example: That game shipped with many features missing in part because games journalists didn’t ask questions they could have, in part because they took astoundingly wonderful tech demos at face value. Most of the blame goes on the developers themselves, of course, but this is a pattern: Gaming outlets often shut down or at least dial back their critical faculties when they are in the presence of hype. (Other forms of fan-oriented journalism have the same problems, of course.)
Before Gamergate, there was no organized, cohort of truly outraged gamers pressuring the IGNs and GameSpots of the world to do better, to fight back against the increasing power and financial resources of the major studios. It was only when the subject turned to games about social-justice-y themes — games that tend to not make much money, and which constitute a tiny fraction of the overall gaming scheme — that the VGCWs suddenly found their outrage. That’s not an accident, and it makes it harder to take the culture warriors’ bottomless outrage seriously.
VGCWs and their favored media outlets endlessly promote the dumb myth that anyone who criticizes a social-justice-y game immediately gets branded a bigot. Virginia ended up winning me over, in the end — I have complicated feelings about the game but they’re positive, on balance. But let’s say I tweeted negative things about it. Eventually, because the internet is full of dumb people, one of those dumb people would pop up and say something like, “Oh, so I guess you just can’t handle a game with an interesting pair of black female characters.”
This would be a silly thing to say, and it would represent a fringe position — just about anyone with any credibility in the gaming world understands that you can critique games about race and class and identity and sex without giving up your Good Liberal card, if possessing such a card matters to you. As these games have gone mainstream, the critical conversation about them has, overall, grown more sophisticated. So I would probably just block the internet-jerk in question. (It goes without saying that there are plenty of similarly annoying internet-jerks among the VGCW crowd — if you point out on Twitter that the latest unhinged Gamergate rumor is factually inaccurate, at some point someone will pop into your feed to accuse you of “white-knighting” for the subject of that rumor.)
This sophistication is another bit of bad news for Hicks and Cheong and the VGCW argument more broadly. If it’s true that there’s a generally complex and sophisticated conversation being had about Gone Home and Virginia and their ilk, and that people feel comfortable criticizing these games as they would any other form of art, then it sucks the wind from their “Brainwashed SJWs!” arguments. Outlets like Heat Street and Breitbart Tech have gotten around this by elevating isolated, annoyingly shrill Tumblr and Twitter and random-commenter content to the status of a powerful and relentless movement coming down hard on anyone who dares criticize SJW-infused games. This is a constant drumbeat: An authoritarian fog has descended upon games discourse, making it impossible to criticize any game favored by the media’s SJW overlords. Just look at these random tweets!
Other times, outlets seeking to pander to VGCW resentment paint a picture of SJW authoritarianism not by elevating Twitter and Tumblr randos but by simply misrepresenting the arguments made by more prominent figures. Both Heat Street articles, for example, grunted disapprovingly at a video posted earlier this week in which the YouTube personality Jim Sterling highlights the fact that a small subset of gamers have reacted in dumb ways to Virginia, accusing it of being “SJW propaganda” and so on, and Cheong’s short piece is primarily a rebuttal of Sterling’s video.
Here’s that video, which you can feel free to skip since I excerpt the key points below:
And here’s the context with which Sterling presents his discussion of the reaction to Virginia, which he himself describes as merely “pretty decent”:
The entire point of all that throat-clearing is to make it clear that in Sterling’s view, you’re allowed to dislike Virginia. Sterling also argues, referring both to Virginia and other indie storytelling games perceived as having social-justice slants, that “Even if these games were talking loads about social justice issues, acting as if their existence infringes upon your right to enjoy games, or is evidence of propaganda being forced on you against your will, is completely irrational.” (Part of Cheong’s argument, to be fair, is that Sterling downplays the role of race in the game. I agree with that to an extent, but Sterling’s broader point, that different people like different sorts of games and this doesn’t pose a threat to anyone, holds regardless of what you think about Virginia’s themes.)
Video games are similarly massive, and yet they have this small, angry, tireless core of obsessive purists who seem to feel personally attacked, in this weirdly emotional way, when developers and critics do new things with the medium, or talk about it in ways that they find unfamiliar or discomfiting. The VGCWs seem incapable of saying “I guess I’m not into that” and moving on, even despite the fact that a massive chunk of the gargantuan gaming industry still caters to them and their interests.
My closest frame of reference is sports fandom: I follow the Boston Celtics and the New England Patriots fairly closely, and have a solid sense of the psychology underlying NBA and NFL fans, even crazy ones. But still, I just can’t, no matter how many times I try, imagine an analogous situation to what’s going on with VGCWs. Of course, people on online forums have dumb, overheated arguments over whether college or pro football is “better” (obviously the NFL is), but at no point does anyone feel like their identity is under attack by someone else’s choice about how to spend a Saturday or a Sunday. Nor does anyone feel like a website that covers college football is somehow detracting from the NFL experience, or vice versa. That’s because football and basketball are massive things that allow for all sorts of different levels and varieties of fandom. This is not a complicated concept to understand.
Those problems are compounded, at least a little, by the fact that your average video-game critic entered their chosen field to review Halo, not Gone Home. For most of the history of games criticism, story and character development have been afterthoughts, or close — and people have gotten hired for review jobs and for gigs because they have a solid feel for what constitutes a fair difficulty curve and snazzy visuals, not for their literary-analysis chops. In fact, there’s almost zero skill set overlap between the task of reviewing a “traditional” game and the task of reviewing one of the story-focused ones so loathed by VGCWs. The best possible person to review the latter is probably a lot closer to a film critic than a traditional games critic (setting aside assessing a game’s GUI and control scheme, which doesn’t require a huge amount of gaming experience or expertise). This problem is likely to improve as outlets continue to realize that they need to attract writers with a more diverse set of skills, but it’s a problem nonetheless.
But even setting that aside, in a low-key way, this is a pretty crazy statement! Hicks is stating, as a fact, that “the game part come[s] first,” that “the game itself is not” art. But … why? Who says? If someone claimed that in film, “the romance comes first,” full stop, or “the action sequences come first,” full stop, you’d roll your eyes and find someone else to talk to. But because there’s still this lingering uncertainty over what games “are” — and, more important, because a group of people are angry that games are more things than they used to be — those of us who like and write and think about video games are forced to argue against positions that are, on their face, really dumb.
But I don’t blame Hicks for this strange analogy; in fact, I can relate. I’ve written about and followed the video-game culture wars for more than two years now, and I’ve actually never been able to come up with an analogy for how Gamergate and then the broader VGCW movement have reacted to the introduction and increasing popularity of the subset of video games they hate. (The VGCW outcry does bear a certain superficial similarity to how some white people responded to desegregation efforts in the 1950s and 1960s, but that seems like an extremely over-the-top comparison — we’re talking about video games here.)
This is unhealthy! If I spent any time getting upset about the fact that a lot of people like college football more than pro football, I would quickly become insufferable. This is what VGCWs do, over and over and over — they just can’t accept the fact that people are into stuff they themselves don’t like. It can never just be a matter of taste; it always has to be a 150-decibel series of thundering orations about Ethics and the Gamer Identity and Corruption and other concepts that either don’t apply at all, or which are appropriated in a brazenly opportunistic matter.
Also disappointed in Opera’s decision to shut down many places where the community had gathered, Tetzchner founded Vivaldi Technologies in 2014. In 2015, the company launched the Vivaldi browser. I downloaded Vivaldi, now on version 1.4, and spent a few weeks trying it out. And it’s pretty impressive — as someone who messed around in Opera but never really saw the appeal, Vivaldi stands out for replicating a lot of what Opera could do, but in a package that’s a bit more attractive.
There are some caveats here. While Vivaldi is a spiritual successor to Opera, some of that browser’s best functions, like being able to handle email from any service with an IMAP address in-browser, are still missing (though Tetzchner says this ability is coming soon). I’ve had one freeze requiring a Force Quit, and some small bugs like the inability to paste as plain text within Google Docs. It also doesn’t have a mobile version of the browser yet, so the ability to sync my activity across desktop and mobile isn’t there.
It’s all the above. We have been studying the harassment of journalists by bigots and anti-Semites, and we saw that this meme was being used a lot. We saw it on our social-media channel repeatedly. And we actively do monitor what extremists talk about and what they’re posting online. It was one of these things where Pepe the frog kept coming up in racist contexts, so we thought maybe it’s time to add the meme to our list of symbols, and that way we can start a discussion about the hateful underbelly of the internet.
We are planning to get in touch with him. I think one of the things we’ve tried to focus on, especially with memes, is whether or not there is a way to reclaim this. I know based on interviews he’s given, this cartoon is something that’s close to him and that he rejects the extremist and anti-Semitic use of this image. We would love to talk to him about ways to re-appropriate Pepe the frog, if at all possible.
We’ll see. Obviously this isn’t the only anti-Semitic meme out there. Like many other hate symbols that are, let’s say, “more traditional,” many of those are not used solely in a hateful context. We underscore that the context is key. If somebody has an iron cross or a spiderweb tattooed on their elbow, that doesn’t necessarily mean they are some kind of hater of extremist. We see a lot of memes and not all of them are as popular [as Pepe has become]. We’ll make those decisions as we come across them and when things increase enough to need attention.
Where does your team look for this kind of content? Are there specific message boards or sites you frequent?
Absolutely. The truth is whenever something gains popularity on social media it’s likely that at some point someone will try to co-opt that image for nasty or hateful purposes. However, not all of those things catch on. If I knew which ones would catch on, which ones would be viral, I probably wouldn’t be working here. We’d have solved the issue by now.
I think Katy Perry will be glad to hear that. She’s a known Pepe fan.
I don’t think there’s much else there. Like I said before, it’s fine. Games don’t need to be complicated. Fans of PewDiePie will enjoy hearing him yell and the game’s pixelated art style. They will play it on a bus and some of them will spend too much of their parents’ money on in-game currency.
Earlier this evening, the New York Times released several pages of Donald Trump’s 1995 tax returns. According to the returns, the Republican presidential nominee reportedly took a $916 million loss on his income that year, using a tax rule which would allow him “to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income over an 18-year period,” the Times explains. Which means it’s possible that the last time Trump paid income taxes, Bill Clinton was president, Cher Horowitz was bopping around Beverly Hills, and the Spice Girls were still together.
The New York Times reports the returns were mailed to them from an anonymous source in New York City and were marked with Trump Tower as the return address. Which is an excellent own, but maybe next time save yourself the postage and send an email instead, all you would-be tipsters out there. After all, sending an email would have been a very cool thing to do in 1995.
Let’s take a walk down memory lane to 1995, shall we.
Marketplace feels a lot like Craigslist, probably because at its heart, it is Craigslist. Posting an item is free and Marketplace also does not provide assistance for payment or delivery. The question now is if Facebook’s new feature will be able to disrupt the internet’s longtime favorite marketplace. (Or reach the same level of convenience and ease that Craigslist offers. As someone who lists two successful apartment sublets and one kitchen table among her best Craigslist scores, you’re going to have a hard time convincing me I need to look anywhere else to find what I’m looking for or to sell my bedroom dresser in a hurry.) Still, Facebook’s non-anonymized setup might have a leg up on Craigslist. Knowing who you are dealing with (and whether you have any mutual friends) takes a lot of the potential sketchiness out of buying and selling goods online.
On Sunday night, several masked men dressed as police officers broke into Kim Kardashian West’s apartment in Paris and robbed her at gunpoint. She was staying in a private apartment inside of a rental mansion for Paris Fashion Week. (The mansion has a concierge at the front door, who was reportedly handcuffed and forced by the robbers to unlock the apartment.) Once the robbers gained access to her apartment, Kardashian West was tied up and locked in the bathroom while the men made off with $10 million in jewelry.
So what is the entrepreneur, reality star, and emoji peddler supposed to do now? On a larger and more traumatic scale, what happened to Kardashian West rings back to warnings you’ve probably already heard before from tech-averse parents, friends, or the TSA Twitter account. Don’t share a picture of your boarding pass for that Hawaiian vacation on Facebook unless you want to return and find your house resembling the set of Home Alone. (And wait to Instagram those beach pictures until you get back.) Don’t tweet that your roommates are all gone and you have excitedly kicked off your pants because you have the apartment to yourself for the next 72 hours. Actually, never tweet at all.
Kardashian West’s experience sounds like nothing short of a nightmare. (A spokeswoman said Kim has since left Paris and is “badly shaken but physically unharmed.”) But it’s not a nightmare one of the world’s most famous families didn’t see coming. As first noted by BuzzFeed, Kardashian West & Co. have previously discussed the potential dangers of social media on Keeping Up With the Kardashians, after Kylie Jenner’s stalker was revealed during the most recent season. In one episode, the family “pranked” Jenner to teach her a lesson about sharing locations on Snapchat. Sister Khloé Kardashian even suggested they “hold her up at gunpoint” to scare her into being more careful, a joke which feels darkly apropos in hindsight.
Like her sister Kylie, Kim Kardashian West isn’t shy on Snapchat. In the days and hours prior to the robbery, she posted several snaps that appear to have been taken inside the apartment where the incident occurred. (Snapchat stories auto-delete after 24 hours, but when you’re as famous as Kardashian West there are entire fan accounts devoted to saving and reposting them.) And in case Snapchat wasn’t enough, there are Kim’s Instagram, Twitter, and the social accounts of the rest of her family (not to mention the horde of stylists, makeup artists, and Hadids who are constantly with them). What this means is anybody with a cell phone could map out a pretty good picture of where Kardashian West is and what she’s up to, at all times. (Kourtney Kardashian says she puts her phone on airplane mode and will wait to upload snaps until after she’s left a location, but Kardashian West’s Paris posts appear to have been happening in real time.)
But Kardashian West’s brand is doing all of those things … and people love her for it. (And love to hate her for it. Again, all part of the brand.) She and her family have built an empire on sharing. Sharing their lives. Their homes. Their preferred brand of refrigerator for the ideal selfie lighting. (I kid you not.)
There’s other weirdness, too. Below the claims about Clinton, TP makes a big deal of the fact that, at around the same time Clinton was supposedly speaking openly of her desire to drone-strike Assange, Anne-Marie Slaughter, then a State employee, sent out an email with the subject line “an SP memo on possible legal and nonlegal strategies re wikileaks.” This is a major red flag to TP. “‘Nonlegal strategies,’” they write. “How did that phrasing make it into an official State Department email subject line dealing with solving Wikileaks and Assange?” Well, because “non-legal” doesn’t mean the same thing as “illegal” — rather, it’s a fairly common term in government, and it can refer to basically anything that doesn’t directly involve the legal system. If you run Google searches over the websites of the White House or the State or Justice Departments, for example, those searches will yield a handful of hits in which the U.S. government speaks openly of “nonlegal” this or that, none of which are open admisions of lawbreaking. So to believe the TP article, you have to believe that (1) TP is such a sourced-up journalist they have access to a sensational story no one else does; and (2) TP is unfamiliar with fairly basic government vernacular. That seems unlikely.
This isn’t surprising, exactly. At its height, 4chan was known simultaneously as a breeding ground for many of the earliest web memes (lolcats) as well as a place for trolls, mischief makers, and hacktivists to congregate. The amorphous group Anonymous came into being from 4chan’s depths, as did rickrolling — as did the meme-happy wing of the Trump-supporting alt-right. The site’s voluminous traffic and image-based posting style made its hosting costs high, and its often racist, misogynist, violent, and generally as-offensive-as-possible content made it difficult to find legitimate advertisers.
In 2008, Wired wrote that Nishimura — who lost control of 2channel in 2014 — “has lost about 50 lawsuits and owes millions of dollars in penalties, which he has no intention of paying.”
Hayhoe laughs and apologizes for calling DiCaprio crazy, prompting Obama to weigh in on the conversation, “I think he’ll acknowledge he’s crazy.” When Elon Musk announced the Mars plans last week, he warned the world that if you want to be among the first to head to the red planet, you should be prepared to die. (Musk said he will likely not be among the first group to head out, because he’d like to be around to see his kids grow up.)
The multimedia we consume online is an entirely different story. YouTube videos and Instagram posts are user-generated content. UGC, as it’s known, is out of the control of the large tech platforms and all of it is some form of communication. For UGC, the question of how a message gets across is less important than whether the message gets across at all.
Technology companies are deeply invested in design, understandably. They want to sell their products to everyone, and they want those products to be easy to use. It’s an audience of millions, maybe billions, with diverse tastes and interests, so simplicity and clarity are important. Google has stuck to a clean white background and solid colors for the past two decades; Apple was lauded for its simple product design under Steve Jobs. Just yesterday, Google announced its Pixel phone and other gadgets, hardware that will be produced in-house in order to ensure consistency in quality and compatibility. (They are, aggressively, no longer just a software company.)
If you believe that extensive features and customizability are admirable goals in a given app or website, then you’ll probably see the new Messages as an enormous success. But by basically any other standard, it is a mess: Users are hiding messages with stickers featuring Today Show anchors; simple questions and messages are now drowning in absurd laser-light animations. This was an easily predictable outcome. (In fact, *extremely not-bragging voice*, I predicted it four months ago.) The fact of the matter is that when you put powerful tools in the hands of amateur users, they will always use them — surprise! — amateurishly.
The broadest category of UGC on the web is memetic content: memes that get passed around and iterated on, and remixed hundreds of thousands of times. Their democratic nature, and easily accessible tools that allow anyone to participate, have led to an aesthetic that Nick Douglas coined “Internet Ugly.”
In 2009, Wired published a piece that, for me, explains the entire look and feel of the web. In “The Good Enough Revolution,” Robert Capps writes about how consumer technology’s most important market was the middle ground. MP3s delivered inferior sound quality to compact discs’, but their ease of use made them a preferred format for millions. At that time, most streaming video was of considerably lower quality than you could find on TV, but YouTube and Hulu were still finding large audiences. The Flip video camera created a point-and-shoot market for video that was wildly successful (until smartphone camera quality killed it).
He was writing about consumer technology but you can really expand that out to cover the entire World Wide Web, which is vibrant and cacophonous and a professional designer’s worst nightmare.
Capps explained:
“Good enough” explains our current mode of shareable images, ones with heavily distorted colors, laden with compression artifacts, and growing blurrier and blurrier with each share. In 2014, these types of digital decay, exacerbated by the heavy amounts of sharing and data transmission on social media, were coined “shitpics.” Freebooted videos with watermarks like @the.funny.vines.insta suffer the same fate. Their level of fidelity doesn’t have to be high, its contents just have to be legible. In other words, good enough.
This cycle has repeated itself over and over again. MySpace came along, and its users hacked together BBCode and HTML to change their color template, and add garish Blingee GIFs, and include MIDI pop punk that auto-played forever. Did these design choices really matter though? Nope! Because your audience, theoretically infinite, was actually a few dozen personal acquaintances.
Think about GeoCities, whose rough visual was Comic Sans and blink tags and scrolling marquee texts. That’s a product of comparatively primitive tools, but I would argue that it’s also a product of the fact that most people were setting up personal sites to show to their friends and family, not to the entire world. They weren’t running a business, they were sending an intimate message.
The open, customizable, shit aesthetic of the internet was so strong that for years, users petitioned Facebook to let them customize their profiles. Defunct pages and long-vanished groups with names like “Change you [sic] profile color in just a few easy steps!!!” and “How to change the colour of your Facebook Profile! :)!!!” litter the network. In fact, Facebook’s relative aesthetic unshittiness was a big selling point in the early days. If you hate hearing Sum 41 every time a MySpace link loads, come on over to Facebook.
No matter how advanced and polished these platforms are, once users get their hands on it, the platform will trend toward shit. It’s happening again with online video. Back in January, I argued that unless platforms want to accept the heavy bandwidth costs of processing video themselves, users will be able to customize it however they want. Already, HUD-centric streaming services like Twitch are filled with crowded video feeds that resemble a cyberpunk CNBC — a collage of tickers and pop-ups and sound effects, sometimes set to an EDM audioscape. It doesn’t matter that for even the most popular Twitch streamers, there is room for improvement in terms of visual representation and fidelity, simply because they have an audience that already understands what’s going on.
The internet’s overall aesthetic — its trend toward shit — stems from the oft-ignored fact that an overwhelming majority of users already know their target audiences. Technology companies make things simple and clean because they want new users. The vast majority of technology users don’t want that. That’s how you end up with iMessage users lovingly trolling their friends with text-obscuring stickers. It’s also how we arrive at more sinister iterations like Chart Brut, a term coined for the cluttered, MS Paint–adorned conspiracy-theory charts that floated around during the heyday of Gamergate. “What’s so wonderful about these 4chan charts, drawn up by one anonymous author, is how perfectly they mirror the entire group that created them,” he wrote. “You can’t refute a 4chan chart because it’s not arguing anything to begin with. People who order the world in this way don’t want to have a real discussion about anything.”
The user base for popular modern technology is composed of amateurs; amateur writers, amateur designers, amateur photographers and film editors. This makes sense. Consumer technology is, after all, meant to make things easier. It’s meant to put activities and skills that once required specialized knowledge within the reach of the common man. But technology companies cannot dictate how people use those tools without depriving them of options entirely. Apple and Facebook directed users by limiting choice — message contents, interface layout, and so on. This was because they know that as soon as you give users choice, they cannot be steered in a preferred direction. Apple is smart enough to know that its new Messages features are susceptible to abuse and misuse, but it also knows this vital corollary: that its misuse is directed at friends, family, and acquaintances, people who won’t mind the jankiness. Who cares how annoying a message is when its recipient is always ready to forgive you?
Google just wrapped up its big hardware event. (Spoiler alert: The phone happened.) It kicked off with a groan-inducing sketch from the cast of HBO’s Silicon Valley (love a good techie-virgin joke) and went on for about two hours. (High points: serious shade being thrown at Apple and some guy’s phone going off any time a presenter said, “Okay, Google.”) In case you missed it or had better ways to spend your time than staring at a screen (my preferred state of being), we’ve rounded up the most important parts for you here.
Today is the day: Google’s device-release event is finally here. To kick off the announcements, Google opened with a short clip from some of the cast of HBO’s Silicon Valley. Featuring Martin Starr as Gilfoyle and Kumail Nanjiani as Dinesh, the clip begins with Dinesh sitting at his computer, awaiting the keynote. (Same, Dinesh. Same.)
Gilfoyle announces he isn’t going to watch the keynote because he was chosen to be part of a beta test and already knows what the company is going to release today. Dinesh, panicked, asks why he wasn’t chosen to participate. Gilfoyle responds that he is a “qualified industry professional” while Dinesh is just “a virgin.” Gilfoyle then picks up a box, pulls out what appears to be the new Google phone (shock!), and heads toward the door for the Google after-party.
“I heard Larry is going to fire Sergei … out of a cannon.” Groan.
Google just announced its new phone, the Google Pixel. And while Sundar Pichai and all his friends talked to great length about the technical specs and power of this device (seven hours of battery life on a 15 minute charge! Swoon!), the things that really hooked me were the many ways Google threw shade at their competition today — you know, the other big tech company, with the name that rhymes with Snapple.
Google’s senior vice-president of hardware Rick Osterloh introduced Pixel with a deep cut here, referencing Steve Job’s introduction of the first ever iPod back in 2001.
“Today, people want more than 1,000 songs in their pocket.”
“I really love how this phone looks and feels … there’s no unsightly camera bump. [Uncomfortable laughter.]”
Osterloh, again, talking about Pixel. While Google’s new phone has a smooth back, the latest iPhone still has a raised camera that protrudes slightly from the device. Sick burn, Rick.
“This isn’t only the best camera we’ve ever made. It’s the best smartphone camera anyone has ever made.”
Brian Rakowski, head of software product management for Pixel, explaining that Google’s new phone’s camera received a DxOMark (French software company that rates phone cameras) rating of 89 compared to the iPhone 7’s 86. (We’ll call fair on this one, the camera does look sick.)
“With Pixel, you’ll never run out of space for your memories.”
Rakowski also announced that Pixel comes with “free unlimited storage for photos and videos at full resolution.” And then a slide popped up on the screen behind him that looked suspiciously like the notification you get when you run out of space on an iPhone.
“Gone are the days of staring at a progress bar while waiting for an update to install.”
Google Pixel ships with the newest version of the Android Nougat operating system and any time the OS has an update, the device will automatically download and install it in the background. (Read: While you are still using your phone as a phone.) “The next time you restart your phone, you’ll instantly be using the new version,” Pixel product-management team member Sabrina Ellis explained. “We just take care of it for you.” (Cough, cough: Looking at you here iOS 10 update from hell.)
And finally, Pixel, as Google proudly notes in its ad for the new phone, still has a 3.55mm headphone jack.
A truly courageous move, Google.
The directive came from the National Security Agency or the FBI, and marks the first time that a technology company agreed to monitor all of its email traffic, rather than searching archived messages or a subset of specified users. It is unclear what data Yahoo turned over to authorities. Yahoo gave Reuters a terse statement that said the company complies with requests from law enforcement.
It turns out that there are still people using Yahoo for email: the federal government. Yahoo, the internet giant mostly famous for doing nothing correctly and then getting bought by Verizon, reportedly searched “all of its customers’ incoming emails for specific information provided by U.S. intelligence officials,” according to Reuters.
CEO Marissa Mayer and General Counsel Ron Bell, according to the report, did not involve the security team in the operation, instead instructing email engineers to build a program that siphoned off messages containing a specific string.
When Yahoo’s security chief Alex Stamos found out about the program, he resigned. He now runs security at Facebook.
The phone is finally here.
Much of the information about the company’s new phone, called the Google Pixel, leaked earlier this week, but it still looks like an excellent new device. The HTC-built phone comes in two sizes (Pixel and Pixel XL), boasts a 12-megapixel camera, and comes with Google Assistant built into it. Other fun features: The phone can run for up to seven hours on just a 15-minute battery charge and comes in three colors with very dumb names: “quite black,” “very silver,” and the limited-edition “really blue.” Prices start at $650 and the phones are available only via Verizon. (Though you can also buy unlocked Pixels through Google.)
Google’s event today was ostensibly about showing off various new products — in particular, a quartet of hardware devices: a new phone, the Pixel; a new home-speaker device, Google Home; a new virtual-reality headset, the Daydream View; and a new Wi-Fi router. All of Google’s forays into hardware look intriguing, if not potentially best-in-class. But what people are going to really remember from the event is Google’s aggression, and not just because many of the presenters’ zingers were painfully bad.
Finally, while the Google Home obviously is going after a space owned by Amazon so far, it’s also making the same play Apple is trying with HomeKit: provide a central hub for all of your smart home devices (including an upgraded Chromecast that now functions a lot like Apple TV, thanks to voice commands).
Amazon
Meanwhile, its demonstration of the new Google Assistant on the Pixel was a more indirect jab at Apple’s Siri, with a rundown of all the ways Google’s AI assistant can gather context and clues in ways that Apple simply can’t right now.
Google started by throwing shade at Apple, and veered into “talking about your ex way too much” territory, taking potshots at Cupertino throughout its presentation of its Pixel phone, from pointing out that its camera didn’t protrude from the back of the phone (unlike Apple’s newest iPhones) to directly using Apple’s storage-warning screen while talking about the Pixel’s ability to use cloud storage to ensure your phone’s physical storage never fills up. The phone’s pricing exactly mirrors the iPhone’s (and breaks tradition with Google’s Nexus phones, which offered high-end hardware at budget prices), showing that Google believes it has a phone that can directly take on the iPhone.
Google Home is either directly inspired by the Amazon Echo (if you want to be kind) or a complete ripoff of it (if you don’t). But Google Home is also poised to be a better choice for anyone who hasn’t gotten an Echo. It costs less, $129 to the Echo’s $179, and Google Assistant is simply more powerful than Amazon’s Alexa, thanks to a much larger body of voice data to work with and its ability to follow conversations. It’ll be easier to use as well — installing new functionality on the Echo is a laborious process that you need to use your phone or laptop for, and the Echo will never be able to match Google when it comes to directions or keeping a daily calendar for you. Amazon has a jump on Google as the hub for smart home appliances, but Google seems to have already wrapped up the main players in the space (and, of course, has its own smart home offerings from Nest). The only thing that could hold Google Home back: Amazon is (wisely) refusing to sell it, the same way it has refused to sell Google’s Chromecast.
Poor Samsung. The best smartphone it had ever made started exploding, preventing it from perhaps overtaking the iPhone 7. Google’s Pixel is definitely aimed squarely at Apple, but it’s also poised to take on Samsung’s Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge as well — and stands a better shot of winning that fight, since migrating from a Galaxy S7 to a Pixel is relatively painless compared to switching from iOS to Android.
Behind the scenes, Google poached Amazon’s vice-president of product engineering, David Foster, just days before the event. Foster helped develop the Amazon Kindle, perhaps the most successful foray into hardware for Amazon, to the point where Kindle is a synonym for e-reader in the same way Google is a synonym for search. Foster will be heading up Google’s newly minted smartphone division.
Samsung
Google and Samsung have had an uneasy alliance for years. In 2014, Google and Samsung had to hammer out a deal about how much Samsung could alter the Android OS. More recently, there have been rumors that Samsung wants to flee Android altogether for its own Tizen OS, already used for phones sold in India. With Samsung by far the largest manufacturer of Android smartphones (and thus carrying the suite of Google apps that help Google make money off distributing Android for free), a rift between the two would hurt both companies. But Google seems willing to chance it.
But the real stab to the heart for Samsung must be Google’s Daydream View VR headset, which is about as direct an answer to Samsung’s Gear VR as you can get. Google’s presentation was full of subtle digs at the Gear, from saying that they wanted a headset that was “like what people actually wear” to showing off that the Daydream headset worked wirelessly with any phone that meets Daydream specs, unlike Samsung’s offering, which only works with Samsung phones and requires you to (somewhat awkwardly) plug the phone into the headset before maneuvering it into place. The final touch: The Daydream View will be $79, versus the Samsung Gear VR at $99, and the Daydream will include a remote. The Gear has a helmet-mounted control pad, but handheld controllers cost extra.
Eero, Luma, and Roku
Google’s hardware efforts will step on the toes of smaller players as well. Where in the past Google may have acquired a company, it’s now just putting out its own product.
Meanwhile, Roku, the upstart streaming set-top box company that showed the rest of the market how to make life simpler for cord cutters, has already seen Google sweep in with the Chromecast, which was the best-selling streaming solution in 2015. The newly announced Chromecast Ultra will now stream in 4K resolution and cost just $69. In what looks like a direct response, Roku announced that its own 4K streaming solution, the Roku Ultra (sensing a theme here), will offer $50 off its normal price of $130, bringing it almost into price parity with Google’s offering — though it will lack the ability to work in a smart home network the way Chromecast will.
Indeed, in every area except smartphones, Google seemed to look at the competitive space and offer a slightly better product at a slightly lower price point than what already exists in the market, a sign that Google perhaps isn’t that interested in making huge profits from its hardware, but simply getting Google hardware into consumers’ homes and hands (and thus using Google’s AI assistant). Companies facing this assault will have to choose: Either hope that their own offering is clearly a better one to dissuade price-sensitive shoppers from going the cheaper route, or lower their own prices to match Google’s. Google can almost certainly sustain selling hardware that makes little money or even acts as a loss leader, thanks to its deep pockets. Other companies may not be able to do the same.
AI rules everything around Google.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai said his goal is to “build a personal Google for every user” and kicked off the event by delving into the company’s AI technology. Specifically, Pichai walked through the details around Google’s personal-assistant program, which is aptly named … Google Assistant. Google Assistant comes built into the company’s new phones and lets users ask questions, get directions, search for entertainment, and make lists. (Just to name a few features.)
Google took your favorite yoga pants and wrapped them around a virtual-reality headset.
Take Google’s Wi-Fi router’s mesh networking capabilities. For anyone trying to extend their Wi-Fi signal throughout their entire home, their options have largely been limited to ugly and difficult Wi-Fi extenders, or expensive solutions like Eero or Luma. Eero, for instance, does offer mesh networking, but it costs $499 for a pack of three. Luma, the closest competitor Eero had until now, comes in a three-pack for $399. A three-pack Google Wi-Fi routers will cost just $299.
Google is getting into the virtual-reality game with the Daydream View headset. The device costs $79 (which makes it one of the cheapest VR options currently on the market) and is supposedly engineered to fit comfortably over a pair of glasses. (The comfort factor is upped by the athleisure-esque fabric wrapped around the headset.) Daydream View also has a small remote control, which can be used within games or apps like YouTube and Google Photo. (Or it can be dropped onstage while people around the world watch you, if you’re the Google employee tasked with presenting the thing. Oops.)
You can finally order a Google Home for your home.
While we’ve known about Google Home since the spring, today Google finally announced when you can buy the device and how much it’ll cost. (November 4 and $129, respectively.) To operate, just holler, “Okay, Google” at the device and ask away. Home can send directions to Google Maps on your phone, connect to Chromecast, tell you how long your commute will take, and even walk you through your daily calendar with a new feature called “My Day.” If you want more than one, you can buy a pack of three for $299.
No more Wi-Fi dead zones.
Google’s new Wi-Fi system, simply called Google Wi-Fi, is a multi-location router system designed to ensure you get a steady internet connection, everywhere you want it. The small, white routers are engineered to be used in a group (a three-pack costs $299, but you can buy just one for $129) and will ship in December. As you move around, the Wi-Fi system will switch you to the most efficient router. Bonus features include the ability to “pause” the connection and boot your kids offline until they do their homework.
Chromecast gets a facelift.
Google’s streaming player, Chromecast, now has a leveled-up option for people looking to watch higher-quality video. Called Chromecast Ultra, the device streams 4K video (with Dolby Vision and HDR), and it streams nearly two times faster than the original Chromecast device. At $69, it’s also two times the price.
The event was Google showing it wants not only to dominate search, mapping, web advertising, and email; it wants to own hardware as well. It clearly sees its own artificial-intelligence systems as the future, and ensuring that AI gets embedded everywhere means making openly aggressive moves against other hardware manufacturers.
The problem with virtual reality (beyond looking like a tremendous doof while wearing a helmet and waving your arms around) is that it’s a hard sell unless you’ve actually tried it out. Breathless write-ups and game trailers and all the rest of the stuff normally used to sell video games just doesn’t work for VR. It’s like seeing a still from a movie — the basic idea is there, but none of the actual excitement or joy of the medium really gets across.
Mobile headsets are how most people have tried out VR — a press release claims 1 million people used a Gear VR headset in April of this year. They’re good at giving an initial taste of VR but rarely do a great job at providing “presence,” creating a world that moves along with you so well it fools your lizard brain into believing the polygons being rendered in front of your face actually exist.
Second, despite the PS4 being relatively underpowered compared to the PCs running VR headsets, the PSVR is silky smooth, running everything at 60 frames per second and following your head movements without any noticeable lag — a vital part of avoiding motion sickness. And its single OLED screen is largely able to avoid the “screen door” effect, where the individual pixels become apparent. No other VR headset out there can say that.
Let me tick off the ways the PSVR works. First off, it’s actually comfortable to wear. It weighs 660 grams, or about 1.3 pounds, but the headset uses a band around your head to keep most of the weight off your face, while the screen itself hangs in front of your eyes — and all of it is stupid easy to adjust. (With the added benefit that you can wear glasses and still use it.)
Sony’s PlayStation VR wants to thread that needle, using the 43 million PlayStation 4 consoles it’s already sold to provide the computing power for a mass-market VR headset that delivers a high-end experience. After nearly a week of using the PSVR extensively, I’m confident in saying Sony nailed it. For any PS4 owner with an interest in trying out VR who can lay out $499 for the full package of the VR headset plus camera plus controllers, this is an easy buy — if you can find one (it’s already sold out on Amazon and at GameStop). My only question is whether it’ll also be the VR headset that breaks out of the core gamer market and enters widespread adoption.
The Oculus Rift and especially the HTC Vive are startlingly good at giving you a sense of presence. I’ve flinched away from things I knew weren’t real, or warily crept up to the edge of a fake cliff on top of a fake Mt. Everest and quickly backed away. But the install base for these expensive headsets remains small — Steam, the most popular game store (and backer of the HTC Vive), shows just 0.19 percent of users surveyed have a Vive, and 0.09 percent own an Oculus Rift.
Third, it smartly uses two Move controllers (included in a $499 launch bundle, which I highly recommend getting instead of just buying the headset for $399) to give you a way to naturally interact with the virtual world in front of you. The Move controller in the real world looks a lot like a magic wand (or maybe a light-up adult toy), but, once you have the headset on, it can work effectively as a pool cue or a gun or a way to paint in 3-D. The tracking isn’t always perfect, but it’s precise enough that things like carefully stacking blocks or lining up a shot are doable.
There are some downsides. While the headset plus accessories is cheaper than the Oculus or Vive, it’s still $500 — or more than the PlayStation 4 itself cost when it first hit the market. It also adds a significant amount of extra wiring to your home entertainment setup, including a huge cord to the headset itself. After two generations of video-game consoles that largely did away with wires snaking across the floor, it can start to feel messy. (A headset stand plus controller charging station helps mitigate this somewhat.) There’s also the issue of space: While most of the games for PSVR can be played sitting down, it’s recommended you have a “play area” at least ten feet deep. Considering that the room with my TV, couch, and PS4 is barely ten feet wide to begin with, that’s an impossible request. Those living in smaller apartments or dorm rooms are going to feel the space crunch even more.
Finally, Sony has brought its full weight as the best-selling console of the current generation to bear on publishers, wrangling an impressive lineup of launch-day games, many of them exclusive to the PSVR. Well-regarded developers Rocksteady have Batman: Arkham VR, an impressive, if short, tour de force of showing off ways to use VR to its full effect. Wayward Sky from Uber Entertainment re-creates the point-and-click adventure game (think Monkey’s Island or Grim Fandango) with you hovering over levels from a god’s-eye view, peering into rooms and around corners to figure out puzzles. Rebellion Developments’ Battlezone takes an arcade classic from the ’80s and neatly updates it for today, using procedurally generated levels, permadeath, and some interesting strategy around the edges to deepen some very fun tank battles.
There’s the notion among VR true believers that eventually everyone gets over this effect, and your inner ear learns to accept that what it sees isn’t actually happening to your body. But trying to sell an expensive new medium to consumers with the promise that eventually they’ll stop feeling sick is, uh, not gonna go over well with mainstream audiences.
And it’s mainstream audiences I wonder about. I think the PSVR is going to do quite well with gamers. But I also think virtual reality’s real promise is far beyond just appealing to gamers with more immersive ways to blow shit up. But I’m torn as to whether the PSVR will be the thing that makes good on that.
Then there’s the fact endemic to all efforts in virtual reality: The vocabulary of virtual-reality games is still developing, and some of the launch titles illustrate how a game can go wrong. Two of the games included in the combo sampler VR Worlds gave me motion sickness (something I haven’t experienced to date using VR). One had me racing down hills on a street luge, with the occasional upward jaunt where you catch air — which would immediately confuse the hell out of my inner ear and stomach. Another had me jumping around in space from asteroid to asteroid, with my horizontal plane constantly shifting around. I had to stop after a few minutes, feeling dizzy and clammy. By the time I tried out Until Dawn: Rush of Blood, a haunted-house shooter set on an actual roller coaster, I had learned to simply close one eye when going up and down steep inclines — it was the only way I could stop myself from getting dizzy.
On the other hand, it’s hard to imagine anyone who isn’t already into games plunking down the cash for these things. And unlike, say, the Nintendo Wii, which suddenly radically expanded the concept of who actually plays video games by allowing almost anyone to join in on the fun, VR is by its nature a physically isolating experience that is meant to be played by yourself in — per the PSVR instruction manual — a dark room.
The PSVR will do just fine even if it doesn’t break through to a more mainstream audience. It’ll end up selling many, many millions of units and give Sony the dominant spot in the gaming VR landscape. My guess is the PSVR will mainly be enjoyed by gamers, with everyone else just watching as users swing their head around, waving their magic wands at nothing anybody else can see quite yet.
There are plenty of signs that it could. The short VR film Allumette is a lovely 20-minute experience that plays out a bit like a stop-motion Pixar film that you can actively move around in, craning your head inside houses and airships to see exactly what’s going on. It’s the type of thing I would show to my parents to give them a sense of what VR is like. I watched as someone who very much does not play video games quickly got sucked into Tumble VR, a puzzle game that plays out a bit like an extremely complicated session of Jenga, thanks to controls being dead simple and the spatial relationships of everything being crystal clear thanks to depth perception suddenly being a factor. And overall, VR is great at presenting games where you can simply point and lift and move around naturally, stripping away the layers of abstraction that have built up after 40 years of game controllers that grew more and more complicated. Given the right circumstances, the PSVR could easily become popular with people whose favorite video game to date has been Angry Birds.
If you wanted to try out VR, you had two routes. You could use a smartphone and the Samsung Gear ($99) or Google Cardboard (essentially free) to get a sense of it, or you could build or buy a high-end PC for around $800 to $1,000 and get an Oculus Rift ($599) or HTC Vive ($799).
Last night, Tim Kaine, a white man in his late 50s, duked it out with Mike Pence, another white man in his late 50s, at the vice-presidential debate. The two men sat in chairs wearing red and blue ties (respectively) and tried to speak over each other for the better part of 90 minutes. (Special shoutout to moderator Elaine Quijano from CBS News, who was interrupted no less than 27 times.) Not a whole lot happened and yet somehow that hour and a half flew by. To help relive the magic, we’ve rounded up the best commentary of the night from the place you can go the other 364 days of the year if you want to see grown men argue in circles while a woman looks on: Twitter.
First, meet your candidates.
Here’s Democratic vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine, a senator from Virginia.
And Republican candidate Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana.
And here’s a cheat sheet in case you get confused.
But from the moment Quijano began asking questions, the debating (if you want to call it that) seemed to move away from anything resembling real issues and turn into two dads fighting to have the last possible word. (Looking at you here in particular, Tim Kaine.)
Pence started the night off strong by thanking “Norwood University” for hosting the event. (Odd, given the event was held at Longwood University.)
Staying on topic was an issue for both men throughout the evening.
There were Russian proverbs.
And octopus metaphors.
And of course, the cyber made an appearance.
And then, it was time to wrap things up.
It was truly thrilling (and confusing) to watch.
In short, here’s what you missed if you didn’t tune in.
And here’s a very official breakdown of who won the night. Congrats if you were a winner.
“That Mexican thing.”
The hacker (or hackers) known as OurMine apparently infiltrated BuzzFeed’s website and defaced several of the news outlet’s stories this morning, after a story published yesterday on BuzzFeed identified a Saudi teenager named Ahmad Makki as a member of the hacking group.
In a short, now-deleted post, OurMine threatened BuzzFeed, writing:
On Twitter, tech reporter Joseph Bernstein, under whose byline the post appeared, wrote, “Never a dull moment.”
OurMine has hacked a number of high-profile targets over the past few months, including the Twitter accounts of Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai, and Channing Tatum. It has also defaced articles on news sites like TechCrunch.
They also removed the post about the Saudi teenager. BuzzFeed said that it was working to restore the defaced articles.
By far the best live-tweeting was done by the gay hookup app Grindr (manned by comedian Guy Branum):
As of today, SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk (the man who wants us to pay $200,000 each to head out on a probably fatal trip to colonize Mars) follows only one woman on Twitter. That number is up from zero, which was exactly how many women Musk followed before Motherboard publicly put him on blast yesterday. (Musk, for his part, says he uses Twitter for “news orgs” and called out Motherboard for “phoney PC police axe-grinding.”)
Whether or not the number of women a given male tech CEO follows on Twitter is an accurate gauge of his wokeness is, let’s say, debatable, but a male-heavy Twitter list certainly makes for an impoverished experience of the social network. Elon Musk’s followers count a handful of men (Ryan Reynolds, “Weird Al” Yankovic, and Elon’s brother, Kimbal Musk, to name a few), several dozen news outlets and brand accounts, and GQ’s Caity Weaver. (If you’re going to pick one woman, that’s the one: She’s touched Kim Kardashian’s boob.) That’s an excellent start, but obviously, Weaver’s Twitter is not the end of the female internet. So to help Musk out, we’ve compiled a starter list of some other women to follow on Twiter, from engineers to journalists to comedians. This is by no means an exhaustive list (particularly given that my editor shot down my idea to just list my Twitter handle 17 times and publish this piece), but multiplanetary feminism has to start somewhere, right Elon?
Casper, the friendly start-up mattress company with the truly excellent subway ads, recently launched a much more subtle marketing campaign in the form of a bot with which you can text between the hours of 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. We can only imagine that the aptly named Insomnobot 3000 is supposed to serve as a reminder of all the sleep you could be getting had you purchased a Casper mattress. Or had not pounded that Red Bull at 4:30 p.m.
Kara Swisher: The Recode co-founder offers frequent tech commentary that doesn’t beat around the bush. (Also Recode writes about Tesla and SpaceX pretty frequently, so this just seems logical.)
Aminatou Sow: Sow is a co-host of the podcast Call Your Girlfriend and also the founder of @TechLadyMafia, a digital support network for women on the internet. One time she called Elon Musk “kind of funny,” and if that’s not good enough reason for a follow I don’t know what is.
Cher: The woman who has made us all question if there really can be life after love has some of the best emoji game on the World Wide Web. (Carrie Fisher of Star Wars fame is also something of a pictograph wiz, if you’re looking for more.)
Kimberly Bryant: Bryant is the founder of @BlackGirlsCode, an organization devoted to getting more young women of color involved in STEM. Expect lots of tweets about the importance of disrupting the tech industry.
Isis Anchalee: Anchalee made headlines back in 2015 after a billboard featuring her picture sparked the hashtag #ILookLikeAnEngineer. Today she’s a software engineer for Uber and a vocal advocate for women in tech.
Christiane Amanpour: As CNN’s chief international correspondent, Amanpour’s Twitter account is a great one-stop shop for all your world news served up by one of the top people in the business.
Leslie Jones: Jones is the best Ghostbuster on Twitter. (Sorry, Melissa McCarthy, but you know it’s true.) Her live-tweeting of the Olympics this summer was more entertaining than the actual sports and her stream-of-consciousness tweets are often laugh-out-loud funny.
Ellen Pao: The former Reddit CEO is well known for the failed gender-discrimination lawsuit she filed against venture-capital firm Kleiner, Perkins back in 2012. Today, she’s working with Project Include.
J.K. Rowling: The Harry Potter creator is an excellent Twitter follow if only for the fact that she never stops tweeting. Seriously. International politics? Rowling will tweet. Questions on Potter and his pals? Rowling will tweet. Somebody just generally being an ass? You better believe Rowling will tweet.
Megan Smith: Smith is the United States’ chief technology officer, making her the highest-ranked woman in tech working for the government. A heavy user of the retweet function, Smith is the one to follow to keep up with what the Obama administration is up to when it comes to all things cyber.
Bozoma Saint John: The head of global consumer marketing at Apple Music, Saint John was the brilliant mind behind the greatest Apple commercial of all time and the only good part of this spring’s WWDC.
Samsung just can’t seem to catch a break. Per the Verge, passengers on a Southwest Airlines flight, scheduled to fly from Louisville to Baltimore, were forced to evacuate the smoky plane while still at the gate, after a Note 7 caught fire in the cabin.
Maye Musk: As per her Twitter bio, Musk is a “registered dietitian-nutritionist,” has “2 MS degrees,” “10 grandkids,” and worked as a “model for 5 decades.” She is also Elon Musk’s mother.
Monica Lewinsky: Yes, that Monica Lewinsky. This side of that thing that happened in 1998 with Bill Clinton, Lewinsky has become a staunch activist against social-media bullying.
Tig Notaro: While Notaro herself never actually tweets, the comedian hands over the keys to her account to a different funny friend (please feel free to unfollow on the weeks where this friend happens to be a man) each week. Here’s her take on Mars, Elon Musk’s second favorite planet after Goddess Earth.
Kris Jenner: Matriarch of one of the world’s most famous families, she is one to follow if only to make sure you never miss an episode of Rob and Chyna.
Megan Amram: Amram is a woman who is, stay with me here, very funny. (I know! Women making good jokes! Try to wrap your mind around it!) When she’s not firing off good tweets, the comedian has written for shows like Parks and Recreation and Silicon Valley.
Miss Piggy: She’s the best muppet. Enough said.
But the fact remains that as long as lithium-ion batteries continue to power our devices, fires like these are always possible. It doesn’t take much damage to cause them to malfunction, and as smartphones become more powerful, while their manufacturers’ try to keep them lightweight and slimmed down, they demand more and more power in smaller packages. And every lithium-ion battery carrying a charge has enough power in it to cause a phone to go up in smoke.
A couple of things to note about this. One, this doesn’t fit the general profile of the rash of phones catching on fire that plagued Samsung in late August and early September. Those phones were nearly always charging for long periods, and some flaw in the battery (it’s still not clear what exactly it was) would cause these phones to burst into flames.
Talking to the Verge, Green reports that he boarded the plane and powered down his phone, with about 80 percent battery power left. After placing the phone in his pocket, it began to emit smoke, causing him to remove it and drop it on the floor. Everyone was led off the plane quickly after.
That in itself is pretty unfun news for Samsung. But what’s worse is this was a replacement Note 7 — its owner, Brian Green, had exchanged his Note 7 and was using a new phone. A new phone that caught on fire.
His wife, Sarah Green, speaking to the Louisville paper The Courier-Journal, said her husband called her shortly afterward. “He said he had just powered it down, when it made a popping noise and started smoking,” she said. “He took it out of his pocket and threw it on the ground.”
Two, this suggests the fire may be an isolated incident (though one that occurs at an incredibly bad time for Samsung). Battery fires are not just a problem the Note 7 faced — though it was facing them at an alarming rate before the recall. Plenty of other cell phones (and lithium-ion battery powered devices in general) face this problem. An iPhone 6 caught fire in a student’s back pocket earlier this week. A Reddit user reported that his iPhone 7 caught fire last week. Every single major manufacturer of smartphones has seen some of their handsets catch fire at some point. The difference here, of course, is that none of those are coming off a massive recall and an incredibly bad news cycle.
Follow your damn mother, Elon.
Update: We received this statement from Samsung: “Until we are able to retrieve the device, we cannot confirm that this incident involves the new Note 7. We are working with the authorities and Southwest now to recover the device and confirm the cause. Once we have examined the device we will have more information to share.”
In an open letter published yesterday on the company’s website, Elizabeth Holmes, the Stanford dropout turned tech billionaire turned Silicon Valley Icarus, announced that Theranos will be shutting down all of its clinical labs and Theranos Wellness Centers. The CEO also announced that the company is laying off 340 employees in Arizona, California, and Pennsylvania, which translates to about 40 percent of the entire Theranos staff.
The Theranos miniLab platform is small blood-testing device that looks like “a computer printer” and can reportedly test for up to 40 diseases in a very small sample of blood. The miniLab technology has yet to be approved by regulators, but, Holmes writes, “we have a new executive team leading our work toward obtaining FDA clearances, building commercial partnerships, and pursuing publications in scientific journals.” (Sources close to the matter are already skeptical that the miniLab works.)
This announcement is just the latest in a series of unfortunate events for Holmes. In July, she was banned by U.S. regulators with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services from operating a medical lab for at least the next two years. (Tough news for someone whose entire business is medical labs, though the company is currently appealing the ban.) Holmes once had a personal net worth estimated at $4.5 billion, but in June Forbes re-estimated that figure, announcing her new net worth at $0. And of course, there was that series of stories from The Wall Street Journal reporting the multibillion-dollar blood-testing technology maybe didn’t actually do what the company said it did.
In August, after a drawn-out and expensive battle to be the preeminent ride-hailing app in China, Uber sold its entire Chinese operation to competitor Didi Chuxing in exchange for $1 billion cash and a 17.7 percent stake in the company. Today, Bloomberg published a lengthy interview with Didi’s CEO and founder, Cheng Wei, or, as he’s now known, the “Uber Slayer.”
The profile charts Cheng’s career, from failing to finish all the questions on his college-entrance exam, to a gig selling life insurance (he didn’t sell a single policy), to running a company now valued at $35 billion. And while the details of Cheng and Didi’s rise to the top are interesting, sure, the best thing to come out of the piece is actually an anecdote from Cheng about meeting with Uber CEO Travis Kalanick to celebrate the deal. The pair met up in a hotel bar in Beijing and toasted glasses of baijiu, a traditional Chinese grain alcohol. And apparently, at least according to Cheng, Kalanick’s drinking skills leave a little something to be desired.
In fairness to Kalanick, Chinese businessmen are some of most notorious hard drinkers in the world. Still: a huge blow for American ingenuity.
“The moment is now. Throw everything you know out the window. All in. Head first. Join the Orchard.”
Damn. If that doesn’t just make you want to drop everything, sell all your earthly possessions, and apply to be one of ten people selected to join Apple’s mysterious new marketing program, I don’t know what will. Called the Orchard, Apple started teasing the group earlier this week on its website. (The link now reroutes to the Apple homepage, but its welcoming message has been screen-shot for posterity as a reminder of the wonderful life that awaits the chosen ones.)
Apple is looking for copywriters, strategists, and art directors with zero to three years experience and is currently accepting applications on its jobs portal. “If you’re lucky enough to make the cut, expect to surround yourself with like-minded souls who are as terrified and excited as you are,” the program’s website explained, Mac Rumors reports.
Logan is a 17-year-old high-school senior from Holly Springs, North Carolina. He is also tall. Very tall. Six-feet-and-seven-inches tall. Everybody-asks-how’s-the-weather-up-there tall. Do-you-play-basketball tall. So this week, when his civics-class partner, Heather, asked him about his height, Logan was ready. He whipped out a business card and handed it to Heather, who promptly tweeted a picture of it.
From Apple, via Mac Rumors:
“It’s the only way.” Okay, Apple.
“I’m 5 feet tall, so I obviously noticed he was much taller than me,” Heather explained via Twitter DM. “I asked him how tall he was and he said ‘6’7’ and my exact next words were ‘really?,’ so he pulled out his wallet and handed me that card.” Logan told me he purchased the cards online (“I saw them on iFunny years ago”) after complaining to some friends he was tired of all the basketball and weather jokes. “I bought 100 for $10,” Logan, who did play basketball for a few seasons when he was younger, explained. “Best investment yet.” He also said his stock is running low and estimates people ask him about his height between five and ten times every day.
Heather said she thought the card was “hilarious” and has been totally surprised by all the attention her tweet is picking up online. As for Logan, he’s just hoping all those Twitter favs will translate to a good grade. “It’s a project for a presidential election and hopefully we’ll win because of this.”
Anyone who has had an online ad follow them around for weeks — Look, L.L. Bean, I’m not going to buy that parka after all, so please leave me alone — has a good idea that we’re not exactly anonymous IP addresses bopping from site to site anymore. But if you really wanted to, could you effectively disappear while browsing the web? In other words, is true anonymity possible online?
Some of this is to be expected: Two of the web’s most valuable companies, Google and Facebook, make the majority of their money from advertising — and advertising becomes much more valuable when you can promise a certain type of audience through targeting. The same goes for plenty of other sites (including, of course, the one you’re reading right now).
Going into Incognito or Private Browsing only slightly protects you. “The private browsing modes of major web browsers only prevent the local device from collecting a history of visited URLs, and prevents the local device from caching visited images,” says Heid. Websites you visit while “shopping for presents” will still log your IP, see what browser and OS you’re using, and install cookies to keep track of your session on each site.
There are ways to reduce how many fingerprints you leave behind. Heid recommends installing AdBlock Plus to prevent certain trackers from getting placed (though, uh, as someone whose salary indirectly comes from advertisements, maybe whitelist good ol’ nymag.com?). He also endorses NoScript for Firefox, which disables Javascript on a page, and TrackMeNot, a browser plug-in that periodically spits out random search queries to all the major search engines, creating so much noise that it’s hard to pick out your actual search queries from the nonsense.
But let’s say you don’t just want to be harder to track around the web, you want to be full-on invisible. For that, you have to turn to tricks used by, well, criminals. “The success of any cybercrime operation depends on the ability for the malicious actor to avoid detection, and if detected, avoid attribution,” says Heid. To browse like a criminal, you’ll need to do some of the following tricks.
So using the web as 99.9 percent of us do without a trace is going to be nearly impossible. “Tracking technologies have become so commonplace and embedded within the modern web browsing experience that some mainstream news websites won’t even load correctly if the user is attempting to block advertisements or avoid cookies,” says Heid. “The fishbowl becomes even smaller when one considers that many users use Gmail or Facebook as a single sign-on for multiple platforms, everything from commenting on news websites to logging into a food-delivery service.” If you use your Google, Facebook, or Twitter account to log in to other services, the authentication provider will get a view of how often you visit that website (and can alter its advertising to you accordingly).
“The average internet user would be shocked at the amount of information that is gathered on their browsing habits on a daily basis,” says Alex Heid, chief research officer at Security Scorecard, writing over email. “Every bit of data that can be reasonably harvested, analyzed, and monetized is being used in one way or another by corporations, governments, and interested individuals from around the world.” This ranges from cookies installed in your browser (thus the same ad that follows you everywhere) to the analysis of which browser and OS you’re using, down to using historical data to determine your likely age. (To get an idea of everything a website is grabbing from you, Heid recommends installing Ghostery to quickly see how many trackers are being used on any website.)
First off, whatever device you use to connect to the internet has something called a MAC address which can be linked to the actual physical device you’re using, whether that’s a laptop or cell phone. So you’ll need to change that — and ideally you’ll want to change it every time you hop online.
But it’s not enough to just change up your MAC address if you’re logging in from the same physical location each time. So you’ll need to find a public Wi-Fi (or a hacked Wi-Fi network) far away from your actual physical location.Then, once you’re using a Wi-Fi network that isn’t your personal connection, you’re going to need to sign up for a VPN (virtual private network) service, which adds another layer of anonymity. You’ll need to pay for access for nearly all of these, though there are some free ones out there.
One you’ve signed up for a VPN, you’ll then need to find a RDP VPS (remote desktop protocol virtual private server), which will allow you to remotely operate a desktop as if it’s your own. There are plenty of services offering this, though you’ll almost assuredly need to pay for it. This is also a good time to mention you shouldn’t be paying for any of these things with your credit card, obviously, so you’ll need to use Bitcoin. Most online Bitcoin providers will want you to link to your actual bank account, which means the jig’s up on total privacy, so you’ll have to pay cash for it. Hope you like finding Bitcoin ATMs in weirdo strip malls in Secaucus!
Once you’ve managed to secure a way to pay anonymously and found a RDP VPS service, you’ll then need to install the Tor browser, which will then bounce your data exchanges with websites around the globe.
After these simple steps, you’re free to browse to your heart’s content, secure in the knowledge nobody will ever, ever know who is lighting them up in the comments section of Reddit. Of course, all the hoops you’ve jumped through mean you’re going to be dealing with significant latency, so maybe grab a sandwich while you wait for your favorite websites to load.
Except that even all this isn’t really enough to keep you totally invisible. “At the end of the day, someone with enough dedication and resources can eventually unmask and track an entity of interest despite the use of privacy-enhancing technologies,” says Heid. In 2015, the F.B.I. used a vulnerability in Tor to track down users involved in child porngraphy. In 2016, the U.S. military tracked down and killed a hacker known as “TRiCK,” who had been part of a hacking group known as Team Poison before joining ISIS. “Both of the above examples involve the full implementation of encryption and privacy solutions by individuals wishing to remain in hiding, and successful ‘client-side attacks’ conducted by opponents seeking to reveal the enemy position,” says Heid.
The reality is that while the idea of anonymity has given rise to much of internet culture, true anonymity is something we all sacrificed long ago, whether for the sake of convenience or access. Much of the web is simply shut off to you if you’re not willing to divulge at least some personal information.
As for Heid, he sticks with using AdBlock Plus (when asked if he’ll whitelist nymag.com, he replied, “I’ll disable it when I read this article and manually check the display ads for interesting JavaScript”); making sure his browser, OS, and plug-ins are up-to-date; disabling Java in his browser; and keeping a good VPN subscription running for anytime he’s on a public Wi-Fi network. As for the fact that he’s still able to be tracked? Says Heid: “In today’s era, being subject to the global opt-in surveillance grid is unfortunately part of doing business.”
This week, Ted Cruz, who is definitely not the Zodiac Killer, sat down and made some phone calls to inspire people to get out and vote in November. A clip of Cruz leaving a voice mail, recorded by Dallas Morning News photographer G.J. McCarthy, has since started making the rounds online. In it, Cruz implores the call’s unknown recipient to “come out to support freedom, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights.” (Weirdly absent: the names Donald Trump and Mike Pence.)
And while a politician phone-banking for an impending election isn’t anything earth-shattering, there is something great about the optics of Cruz, with mouth pursed and eyebrows furrowed, leaving voice mails in front of a wall covered in Trump posters. (Trump. The man he refused to endorse at the RNC and generally doesn’t seem to like.)
So, as is the natural way of things on the internet, phone-call Cruz has transcended from passing video clip to full-on meme. As far as internet gimmicks go, the bar for this meme is pretty low. Just screenshot Cruz’s little, sad face, add any caption you can think of, and tweet.
Fortunately for Ted, the meme news cycle has traditionally moved very quickly during this election. By tomorrow, we’ll all be off making fun of a picture of Hillary Clinton playing Pokémon Go or Jill Stein’s candidacy in general. But then again, the internet never forgets.
This week, a meme generator took over my Twitter feed.
Great. To make your own version, head over to the Retro Wave generator at PhotoFunia.com. Pick your background and font of choice, and add up to three lines of text. (Heads up, the second and third lines will be in all caps no matter which option you choose.) From there, tweet your grid-covered, purple-hued masterpiece into the universe, and blind everyone in your News Feed.
Think you are funnier than these chumps and wondering how to make your own?
Yesterday, the virtual-reality community spent two hours hanging out at the Oculus Connect 3 keynote. The event covered new Oculus products and diversity initiatives, and it ended with a very long but impassioned speech about what’s next for virtual reality. (Spoiler alert: It’s the future. At least according to the people in the VR business.) In case you missed it, we’ve rounded up the most important things you need to know from the event.
Somehow, in the year of our Lord 2016, the 1980s are still irresistible. PhotoFunia’s “Retro Wave” generator takes whatever words your liberal-arts education has taught you and transforms them into a neon-colored, Lisa Frank–in–the–ENCOM–mainframe celebration of 1980s design choices. (Pro tip: Crank up this Atari theme music while reading this post for a truly immersive experience.)
Palmer Luckey was nowhere to be seen.
VR is coming to Facebook, and you can hang out with your friends in it.
You’re finally going to be able to purchase Oculus Touch controllers.
The same goes for Oculus Rift headphones.
We’ve known about these for some time now, but now we know how much they’ll cost and when they’ll be available. A set of two controllers costs $199 and will ship in December. Oculus Touch comes with two pre-loaded games (VR Sports Challenge and The Unspoken) and an extra camera sensor for your gaming area. Zuckerberg used the Touch controllers to take his selfie from stage.
Probably the coolest part of the event yesterday was Zuckerberg’s demonstration of how a social experience in VR might work: Wearing an Oculus Rift, the CEO undertook a live VR chat demonstration featuring a tiny cartoon version of himself yakking it up with some folks back at the Facebook HQ. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the conversation quickly devolved into a VR sword fight. Zuck (as his Facebook VR avatar) also took a VR selfie from stage, featuring his wife, Priscilla Chan (at her office), and their dog, Beast (at home). Zuckerberg did not say when these features would be available to the general public. Check out the video below:
The Oculus Rift currently comes with on-ear headphones, but if those aren’t doing the trick for you, the company is giving you another option later this year. In-ear headphones for Oculus Rift will ship in December and cost $49.
There is a new Oculus headset — that doesn’t need an external computer or (tangled) cords.
Mark Zuckerberg announced, and demonstrated, a new stand-alone VR headset that doesn’t require (on the one hand) a powerful external computer and easily tangled cords or (on the other) a cell phone — but didn’t mention anything about a device name or ship date. The stand-alone headset also has built-in headphones and is engineered for position tracking. No word on cost, though Zuckerberg did note it’ll be cheaper than the Oculus Rift ($600).
Earlier this fall, news broke that Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey has been quietly funding an anti-Hillary political group based on memes. Luckey has since apologized (if you could call it that) for the negative impact his donations have had on Oculus, but that didn’t appear to be enough to fix the situation given his absence from yesterday’s event. That or he was just off shitposting. (Oculus content head Jason Rubin later said Luckey had volunteered to miss the event, saying he did not want to be a “distraction.”)
Facebook and Oculus are focusing millions on diversity recruitment.
Ebony Peay Ramirez, head of diversity for Oculus, announced that the company is dedicating $10 million “diverse programs for virtual reality,” and focusing on getting more women and people of color involved with building the platform and its products. “VR will only succeed if it reflects a diverse ecosystem,” Ramirez said.
The world of emoji politics is overseen by the Unicode Consortium, a group that chooses who, what, and where get turned into emoji. But once those are selected (a woman getting a haircut, a gun, the fires of Mordor), it’s up to individual platforms to choose how those emoji will appear to their users. (As an example: Apple’s gun emoji is a lime-green squirt gun, while Microsoft’s is an actual revolver.)
As first noted by Emojipedia (the internet’s one-stop shop for all things emoji), the Hand With Index and Middle Fingers Crossed emoji (we’ll just call it the fingers-crossed emoji) is one of the emoji that looks markedly different between platforms. On Google it’s a right hand, on Microsoft it’s a left hand, and for Samsung users it’s a left hand that also happens to have six fingers. (How very The Princess Bride.)
It’s unclear why Samsung’s emoji has an extra digit, but needing an extra one in the event of your Galaxy Note 7 catching fire sounds like a pretty convincing argument.
The subsequent Gears games mainly coasted on the strength of the first, which was built on a rock-solid game-play loop known as “stop-and-pop,” an inversion of Halo’s run-and-gun which required players to hunker down behind cover and intermittently peek out to squeeze off a few rounds. The series had bright spots — fighting through the internal cavities of a giant worm stands out — but by the time series nadir Gears of War: Judgment rolled around at the start of 2013, the chainsaws and gibbing felt rote. It didn’t help that Judgment’s protagonist was the franchise’s worst supporting character, Damon Baird.
The signature Gears execution was the curb stomp, a gleeful reference to the excruciating scene from American History X. The series’s soul-patched protagonist, Marcus Fenix, bears a striking resemblance to the lead singer of Smash Mouth. Even the franchise’s steward — a frosted-tipped bad boy by the name of Cliffy B — signaled an instantly dated game aimed at pop-punk teens and hardcore gamers disenchanted with the world. (Full disclosure: I was one of those teens, and when I went to buy the first Gears of War game in 2006, the clerk at FuncoLand had to read the ESRB’s “Mature” rating — “Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Strong Language” — to my mom before he sold it to me.)
(This post mentions some late-game details for Gears of War 4. Just a heads-up.)
The spec bump from the Xbox One has done wonders for Gears, a series that until now had trafficked exclusively in shades of brown and crimson. Environments — including a history museum, a robotic settlement under construction, and a never-ending mine shaft — pop with color and detail. One particularly inventive scenario has you taking cover behind malfunctioning machinery that intermittently disappears, forcing you into the open. Occasional, predetermined wind storms add a dose of physics-based fun to the proceedings as debris smashes around the screen pulverizing enemies.
So it was surprising that in 2016, I ended up enjoying Gears of War 4. A lot. Definitely far more than I enjoyed last year’s Halo 5: Guardians, which came across as sterile and lifeless.
Ten years ago, if you were to ask me which of Microsoft’s two flagship gaming franchises would better stand the test of time — the space-marine first-person shooter Halo, or the gritty, cover-based Gears of War — the choice would have been obvious: Halo, by a country mile. Gears, as fun as it was to play, as influential as it would become, was an overly macho game for dudebros whose entire modus operandi was best summed up by its flagship weapon: an assault rifle combined with a chainsaw. You didn’t just kill your enemies, you dismembered them.
There are touches throughout that are so stupid and laughable that they have to be intentional. When new protagonist JD Fenix is reunited with Marcus, his dad, JD solemnly hands Marcus his old do-rag. (Gears of War 3 ended with Marcus finally removing his bandanna after having it on for the entire trilogy.) The pageantry of Marcus putting on his old, crappy bandanna 25 years later is a solid wink. A late-game level that has the player piloting mechs veers into gleefully stupid territory once the game informs the player that — despite being in an enormous walking robot that shoots saw blades like bullets — they still need to take cover behind buildings, just as they would on foot.
And there’s a slight nostalgia to the proceedings, with a handful of well-liked characters from previous games showing up to lend a hand. Also included is the dreaded Baird, who in his old age has been stripped bald like Mr. Clean and given a disgusting goatee. It is a character redesign so comically heinous that I can only assume those who created it hate Baird as much as the game’s audience does.
But what I appreciated most was that, having taken some time off to reassess, the series is now ready to stop taking itself seriously. Part of that might be that the franchise is now developed in-house at Microsoft, rather than by its former third-party developer Epic Games. Gears was always B-tier sci-fi, but there’s now a goofy self-awareness to the proceedings. There is a faint whiff of slapstick that was absent from previous iterations.
Gears of War 4 is not without its faults. The campaign has some instances of poor checkpoint spacing, and when played solo, enemies aggro to the player character in very transparent ways. After one match, I already know that I probably won’t spend much time with the game’s versus multiplayer component. None of the new weapons in the game stands out, but some credit goes to developer the Coalition for refusing to rest on series laurels. The classic Gears power weapon, the Hammer of Dawn, which calls down a gigantic laser from space, is used once in the game’s first 20 minutes and then never seen again.
Did we need another Gears of War game? Absolutely not. But it’s a pleasant surprise to find that a series which began as the unholy result of a lab accident involving Sum 41, Bawls energy drink, and the Saw movies is capable of slight growth and self-awareness.
Since joining Twitter a month ago, Liz has tweeted over 5,000 times, sharing her thoughts on everything from systemic racism (it’s real!) to white genocide (it’s not!). If you disagree with Liz, and feel compelled to tweet at her about it, she will — like most Twitter users — respond, mostly with dismissive invective, and go round after round with you until one of you finally gives up. Liz, though, won’t give up. Because Liz isn’t a person. Liz is a bot.
A closer inspection of Liz’s Twitter account reveals a few hints that it’s not human. First, there’s the bot’s handle, @arguetron. And then there are its tweeting patterns, sending out a missive every ten minutes in addition to replying to every response tweet directed at it.
Nyberg calls @arguetron “largely similar” to Reed’s bots, explaining that both bots “post relatively simple statements along the lines of ‘feminism is good’ and watch desperate internet assholes rush to yell at them.” The difference with @arguetron is that Nyberg’s bot has a bigger set of possible statements and “people can be baited into tweeting at it for hours instead of a couple tweets.”
As for the nuts and bolts, @arguetron “uses a combination of static statements and generative grammar … there are some [replies] specifically triggered through what are called regular expressions, but for the most part they’re just generic.” Her bot, Nyberg added, is programmed for a number of social issue including racism, feminism, and transgender rights. “It also baits conspiracy theorists (like vaccination truthers, for example) because they also spend an odd amount of time searching for people to fight with,” she said.
While some have been critical that the bot only encourages the sorts of behavior it’s designed to critique, Nyberg says her intention is not to add any more malice to the web. “It doesn’t seek people out, only responds to them, and never generates malicious, cruel or bigoted statements,” she noted. And now, there’s also the issue that the bot will become less effective as more and more people realize it’s a bot and not some opinionated woman named Liz. (Nyberg says @arguetron flew under the radar for several weeks before she started tweeting screenshots from her personal Twitter account.) Still, Nybeg says she has other plans in the works. And, unfortunately, the Twitter eggs will probably be ready and waiting whenever she executes them.
Liz’s creator, activist and writer Sarah Nyberg, told Select All Liz was heavily inspired by Nora Reed’s @ThinkPieceBot. (Two newer arguing bots from Reed also made headlines earlier this week.) “The most explicit influence was definitely Nora Reed’s bots,” Nyberg said. “Thinkpiece bot sort of made me realize how these automated systems could perform a sort of social criticism, and then their [Reed’s] honeypot bot was an idea I ran with but expanded significantly.”
Nyberg said the reply tweets were the most telling part of the experiment in terms of understanding how Twitter discourse works, describing online arguments as being “almost content agnostic.” It doesn’t matter if you’re arguing about feminism, Julian Assange, Donald Trump, or some fun combo of the three, the bot’s replies can be effectively identical and the argument will still continue.
In March, Snapchat got a major app update that included a new feature called Auto Advance, where Snap Stories (photos and videos that last for 24 on the app) would automatically start playing in succession. You’d tap to watch your friend Bette’s story, and then Kim Kardashian’s would play, followed by DJ Khaled’s, your old roommate’s, that woman you drunk-added in a bar that one time, and anybody else you followed who had posted a Story update that day. Today, the company announced they are turning off Auto Advance for all users.
Auto Advance retraction is starting with Android users and will soon affect iOS users as well, Snapchat notes. If you’re really missing it, the company also announced a new feature called Story Playlist, which will let you curate a list of Snap Stories you want to play in a row. “Tap on the Story thumbnail to the left of your friend’s name to add their Story to your playlist. Hit the play button at the bottom of the screen to watch!”
From Snapchat’s blog:
While the feature made sense from the business side (automatically putting video in front of users could translate to more views and more time spent on the app), as a user, I was never Auto Advance’s biggest fan. If you follow a large number of people, tapping in and out to watch the stories you actually wanted to see felt clunky and time-consuming. (Snapchat never introduced a way to opt out of the feature.)
Plus now, if you see that a follower has watched your story, you’ll know it’s because they really wanted to and not because an app made them. That’s true engagement.
Tonight’s debates between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are being hosted by Washington University in St. Louis, which means the eyes (and the news outlets) of the nation are watching the Missouri campus in anticipation of the big event. Sensing his moment, Albert Wu, an 18-year-old first-year student from Boston, decided to capitalize on all the attention his school is getting and make it work for him. In a move that can only be described as a truly 2016 hustle, Wu wrote down his Venmo (the money-transfer app) account handle on a sign emblazoned “STUDENT DEBT SUCKS” and held it up on the national news. And it actually worked.
“I remember a couple weeks ago there was a fan on [ESPN’s] College GameDay who was asking for beer money through Venmo on a poster, so there’s a possible inspiration right there,” Wu explained to me via Twitter DM. “I wanted to make a poster that was topical, but also based on that idea, so I wrote ‘student debt sucks’ because it’s a pretty relevant and topical issue for young individuals like me and an issue I hope they address during the debate.” “Student debt is arguably more important than beer money,” Wu added, dutifully noting (“hi mom and dad and WashU Dean of Students”) that he is “only 18” and would never ask for cash for alcohol on live television.
“People from both sides are donating, which is great because student debt is a problem for everyone no matter who they’re supporting,” Wu added. And they say bipartisanship doesn’t work!
His handiwork was first picked up by CNN on Saturday, where Wu stood holding the sign for about four hours. “I was by the CNN tent yesterday, by chance actually,” he said. “I had no idea they were broadcasting, but I had a Sharpie and a WashU poster I had won so I thought, ‘what the heck!’” Today, he popped by MSNBC’s broadcast spot. “I came out again today [to MSNBC’s tent] and so many other people had Venmo signs,” Wu explained. “I kind of had a monopoly Saturday, but now it’s way too saturated with Venmo posters.”
As for profits, Wu said he didn’t “really go out with the intention of making money through it,” but has received about $400 in donations so far. The amounts range from a penny to $20. “They all come with really nice and funny comments like ‘good luck with that student debt’ and ‘I feel your pain,’” Wu explained. “My favorite one is ‘from my student debt to yours.’”
There was a presidential debate last night, because you can’t actually cancel a presidential election, even if everyone really wants to, and once again Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton faced off for 90 minutes of experimental theater. If you were smart and watched the Giants game instead, don’t worry: Select All has got your back. We’ve rounded up the best and funniest tweets from the night’s proceedings, so you can laugh as you cry.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump squared off tonight in the second presidential debate. In case you missed it, we’ve found the one tweet that sums it all up. Please welcome to the stage: former president Bill Clinton.
Only 29 days to go, folks.
Tonight’s presidential debate was run as a town hall, meaning that during the course of the 90-minute event, some audience members (undecided voters from Missouri) took the mic and asked candidates specific questions. Among these participatory and inexplicably undecided citizens was a man named Kenneth Bone, whose vibrant red sweater, pure and earnest face, and enthusiastically delivered question about energy sources have boosted him to internet-celebrity status.
Select All is proud to introduce the man, the myth, the legend: Kenneth Bone.
If you were confused during the debate tonight by questions and answers about Aleppo, the Syrian city that’s become a focal point of the country’s raging conflict, you’re not alone! So were the many people frantically searching on Merriam-Webster’s website. According to Merriam-Webster, “lepo-” — that’s as in “what’s a lepo?” — topped the list of search terms queried over the course of the 90-minute trudge. It was joined by terms like “bigly,” “demogogic,” and “petulant.” And, of course, “Aleppo.” No word on how many of these searches were performed by the Republican candidate live onstage.
Bone wrapped up his evening with a handshake from former president Bill Clinton. Which was definitely the high point of Bill’s night (other than starring in a burgeoning meme).
God bless America and God bless Kenneth Bone.
There’s nothing wrong with Googling something and educating yourself. Just make sure you’re Googling the right thing.
Representing the Democratic party: Hillary Clinton.
And for the Republicans: Donald Trump.
And then the issues. When asked about his recently released comments about grabbing women “by the pussy,” Trump decided to talk about ISIS instead.
Islamophobia, which was brought up during a question from the audience, leading Trump to say that Muslims need to report terrorist activity that they see.
And, uh Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln? (Hillary gave it a rave review!)
Donald Trump, for reasons unknown, spent a good portion of the evening standing just a few feet behind Clinton as she spoke and otherwise making insane faces and gestures.
And the candidates’ families?
Of course, not everyone at the debate was despairing of it: Kenneth Bone asked a question about energy and quickly became a hero.
So who was the ultimate victor in tonight’s showdown?
The tweets. The tweets were the real winners this evening.
Among the other topics discussed: Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while serving as secretary of State, which Trump said he would investigate and prosecute.
How did the audience react?
Second only to Ken Bone were the moderators, who earned points for being able to yell at the candidates in the same way viewers at home were:
Kentucky high-school teacher Trent Ashcraft requested that his students watch Sunday night’s presidential debate so they could discuss it in class this week. Ashcraft, who teaches American history, U.S. government, and economics, told Select All “I gave them an assignment in which they could watch any of three presidential debates. They had to answer a few questions regarding issues, the moderator, and the strengths and weaknesses of candidates.” But midway through Sunday’s spectacle, Ashcraft tweeted he wanted to “formally apologize” for making his students watch Trump trail Clinton on foot for 90 straight minutes. A tweet that one of his students, Jake, found, screenshotted, and shared to the tune of 1,500 retweets and counting.
“It was mostly as a joke, but there was a lot of truth to it,” Ashcraft said of his apology. “I’ve always had students watch debates for president, senator, governor, et cetera, because they are wonderful learning experiences. There was very little educational about tonight’s display. Rather than learning about important issues, students got to see a man who wants to be president behave in a fashion that would have had him sent to the principal’s office.” In addition to sharing his teacher’s tweet, Jake, who is a senior (and describes Ashcraft as “super chill”), also tuned in to watch Trump and Clinton. “The debates themselves were exactly what I expected them to be: Awful and immature,” Jake said. “Not exactly the best candidates in history to watch.”
Ashcraft also said he is considering canceling the rest of the assignment. “If students watched this one, fine. But for those waiting for the last debate to complete the assignment, why bother? Should I subject them to sitting through that nonsense? Heck, parents may not want their teenager watching these candidates,” he explained. “I can tell you this, students at my school have shown great interest in discussing third-party candidates.”
As for his moment of virality, Ashcraft seemed to have a good sense of humor. (He maintains that Twitter account exclusively for school-related content, because apparently teachers are much cooler in 2016 than they were when I was in high school.) “I guess Jake is Twitter famous now,” he joked. “TELL ASHCRAFT I’M SORRY, LMAO,” Jake told me in a separate Twitter DM. “He’s either going to love me or hate me for this whole thing.”
The Galaxy Note 7 just became a collector’s item. Over the weekend, Verizon, AT&T, and T-Mobile all announced that they would stop selling the explosion-prone device and would not offer replacements. Following a global recall, new versions of the device are reportedly still malfunctioning, which here means “bursting into flame.”
Samsung has halted production of the Galaxy Note 7, just five weeks after issuing the initial recall. At the time, there were 2.5 million devices in circulation.
The Galaxy Note 7 has been a disaster — for users, physically, and for Samsung, financially. It was by all accounts a good phone and had a good chance at challenging the iPhone for supremacy of the high-end smartphone market. But thanks to repeated incidents of conflagration, who knows how long it will be before Samsung can restore customer confidence.
Update 10/10/16: Following his meteoric rise to fame, we’ve learned several new and important details about Mr. Bone. We’ve updated this post accordingly.
Bone actually hadn’t planned to wear the now-iconic red sweater, but had to make a spur-of-the-moment change after ripping his suit.
He appeared on the news this morning still rocking said sweater.
And while many parody and impostor accounts popped up last night, we finally know where to find Bone on Twitter, @KenBone18.
Once again, God bless America and God bless Ken Bone.
If you call 646-490-1847 in the next 48 hours, Alex Goldman and PJ Vogt will pick up on the other end and talk to you about anything you’d like. The election; your computer hard drive; where all the cowboys have gone. Anything. The pair, who host the podcast Reply All, are opening up their phone lines and answering any call for the next two days straight for an upcoming episode. Select All talked to Goldman to get a better sense of what they’re hoping to get out of their marathon phone session.
“Our executive producer, Tim Howard, is kind of a mad genius. Every time we have a story meeting he says, ‘Okay, come with two real ideas and and a bong-hit idea,’ and when he says ‘bong-hit idea’ he just means the weirdest thing we can think of,” Goldman explained of how the duo came up with the plan to answer their phones for two days in a row. “There is a single phone number and when that number is called it rings to both mine and PJ’s phones for a conference call,” Goldman said. “It’ll basically be like a call-in show for one person at a time.” And as long as the phone call is engaging, they pair will stay on the line: “The cutoff time will be when it gets boring.”
The two are hoping for some colorful conversations, which they will then edit into an episode of Reply All. “That is, of course, assuming it’s not a total mess,” Goldman joked. Goldman said he and Vogt are ready for crank calls and pranks or a possible “4chan raid,” but thinks they’ll likely be okay. “We’re two white guys. If this were women or people of color this idea might be a nonstarter,” Goldman said. “I’m hoping our white maleness will inoculate us from some harassment.”
“My dream is people from other countries calling us with stories or problems or things we wouldn’t otherwise know about,” he said. “Maybe someone is awake at 4 a.m. and they feel like they really need to talk to someone but they have no one to talk. That person can call our number and talk.” Goldman added his plans for staying awake involve sleeping on the couch in between calls, while Vogt is a known Coke Zero fiend. (This is not an ad, Goldman promised.) “PJ and I are naturally combative to begin with, and I think lack of sleep will just exacerbate that to the point of hanging under the threads of sanity a little bit.”
As for what they hope to talk to people about over the coming days, Goldman said there really is no limit. They will happily chat about Reply All–esque topics, “if you want me to help you find out who owns a website or if your disc drive is not working properly,” but the men both have some other hobbies to gab about as well. “I can pickup almost any tune by ear on the guitar, so if someone wants me to play them a song on the guitar i can probably do that,” Goldman told me. (Please don’t call and scream Freebird into the phone, because this is already my plan.) “And my secret passion is gardening, so if anybody wants to talk about gardening, I’d be into that.” He also noted that Vogt has “done a lot of online dating,” if you’re hoping to talk Tinder.
“Mostly we’re hoping to hear from people who’ve never heard of our show. Who don’t know anything about us and don’t give a crap about us,” Goldman said. “We’re interested to see what they have to say.”
Hey, you cell-phone owners, here’s a fun new game you can play. Whip out your phone, turn on the camera, and stand in front of a mirror. Now, tap the shutter button and immediately throw your phone into the air. While it’s elevated, clap your hands. If you do it right, you should end up with a blurry selfie featuring a levitating phone. If you do it wrong, well, let’s just hope you invested in a hard-shell case.
The trend was started on Twitter over the weekend by one Seth Schneider, whose selfie has garnered more than 160,000 retweets and inspired quite a few copycats.
The replies to Schneider’s tweet are full of pictures from people who were also able to pull off the stunt and apparently have either the world’s best hand-eye coordination or just don’t care about the well-being of their phone screens. (If you shatter your screen, read our tips here.)
I have a question for all you cool kids out there who managed to pull this off with a relatively focused end product: How? How did you do this? Are you magic? Are you using Photoshop? Am I missing some crucial element for executing this trend? (Shout-out to the guy who recommended putting a few pillows on the floor.)
Earlier today, I stood in front of my bedroom mirror for much longer than I am willing to admit here on the World Wide Web attempting to get one decent high-five picture. Instead, all I got were 22 blurry images and many, um, let’s say, artsy photos of my ceiling. And even in the one shot which came out somewhat focused, my hands are nowhere near high-five position. Instead, my fingers splay awkwardly toward my untethered device, while my lips roll inward and the look in my eyes screams you cannot afford to shatter this phone screen a third time. You can’t.
Select All reached out to Schneider, but he did not immediately return our request for comment regarding his aerial selfie mastery. (Mostly, I’m just looking for some tips.) As per his Twitter bio, Schneider would like to deny responsibility for any damage devices. We here at Select All would also like to note we are not responsible for any broken phones and recommend you skip this particular web trend and just go take a boring selfie with the puppy filter instead. The likelihood of phone breakage decreases significantly and, as an added bonus, you’ll look hotter.
In September 2015, Vanity Fair ran a Nancy Jo Sales piece entitled “Tinder and the Dawn of the ‘Dating Apocalypse.’” In it, Sales spent evenings trailing young people in their natural habitats (bars), getting a sense of what the dating scene is like these days. (Read: Heavily gamified.) And while Tinder took the brunt of the hits (and subsequently railed against Sales on Twitter in a hilarious tweet storm), dating app Hinge (an app that connects people based on their mutual Facebook friends) was also name-checked in the piece, and decided to make some changes.
Now, a little over a year later, Hinge is rolling out an entirely redesigned app. On the new Hinge, users will no longer swipe left or right on anything; the swiping element has been completely eliminated. “70% of our users are looking for something more serious than free swiping apps offer,” Karen Fein, Hinge’s vice-president of marketing, told Select All of the research that went into the redesign. “We’re learning people are spending so much more time swiping than messaging on these apps and the majority of people can’t remember the first name of their last match. We want to deliver a more serious experience.”
Instead of swiping, Hinge users will now open the app and be directed to a messaging screen that will show messages and notifications from “people who you’ve spoken with or people who have expressed interest in you.” Fein described the new Hinge profiles as “Instagram for dating.” Users will be asked to share photos, likes, and other personal elements on the app to help give users a better overall sense of them. “If you’re on someone’s profile, scroll through to see different stories, photos captions, and experiences. If you find one you like, you can ‘heart’ that element and a message bar will pop out where you can say something about that specific element. Press send and that person will receive that inbound interest and can decide whether they want to connect and start chatting with you.” Unlike other dating apps in which both people have to swipe right, on Hinge you’ll now be notified anytime somebody expresses an interest in you.
“We’re finding that these kinds of connections convos lead to seven times as many phone numbers exchanged,” Fein said. But this does come at a cost. While Hinge, like its many swipe-enabled competitors, used to be a free app, the new version will run users $7 a month. (If you join when the app launches today, you’ll automatically get a free three-month trial.) “We recognize this isn’t for everyone,” Fein explained of the new fee. “Maybe these people aren’t interested in paying $50 for match.com, but are looking for the same effect of a curated community invested in finding something real. That’s Hinge.” Fein said they believe the new cost might shift the average age of the app’s users; right now that age is 27, but Hinge anticipates that demographic could look more like 29 to 33 in the coming months.
“In many ways it’s like a match.com for the next generation. It’s not this anonymous free swiping app anymore,” Fein said. “If you’re interested in someone, you’re just going to have to tell them. Be a little vulnerable and tell them.”
Bored with your normal social-media diet on this fine Tuesday? Here’s a, um, fun new Twitter game you can play to spice things up and kill at least a half an hour of your day. Step one: Take a screenshot of the above image. Step two: Tweet said image. (Add some kind of pithy caption like “You know you want to” if you feel so inclined.) Step three: Wait to be roasted. In theory, your Twitter followers will write a sentence or two that sounds like something you might say and use it as the caption when they quote-tweet you. In theory, it won’t be terribly mean.
Typically, for a meme, this is the part of the post where we’d embed a dozen or so examples, but that doesn’t quite work here since most of the responses are person-specific. (The old if you know them, then it’s funny chestnut.) Instead, here are a few examples of what we’d quote-tweet if certain famous people tweeted the meme image asking to be impersonated.
Peter Thiel: Send me the blood of your children.
Elon Musk: Yes, you will all probably die on the way to Mars. But it’ll be FUN!
Donald Trump: I have never actually seen a poll in my life.
Kenneth Bone: Can somebody come cut me out of this sweater. I haven’t taken it off in 72 hours.
Elizabeth Holmes: Also send me the blood of your children.
Kim Kardashian West: Lost ring. Reward if returned.
Mark Zuckerberg’s daughter, Max: No, dad. I don’t want to be in another one of your Facebook Live streams.
Happy roasting! Hope your friends like you as much as you think they do!
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 passed away yesterday, at the age of 53 days. Born August 19, 2016, the Note 7 was brought into the world perhaps prematurely but with the potential for it to be a world-beater. But while its brief time on this earth began with nothing but acclaim, it ended with evacuated airline flights and a South Korean Burger King employee’s using oven mitts to dispose of a burning Note 7.
The product of the leading Android manufacturer, the Note 7‘s early days were marked by glowing reviews. Journalists marveled at how it managed to have a larger, sharper, and richer display than the iPhone 6s Plus, while weighing less and being easier to hold. It was a big phone that didn’t feel big. Features like its built-in retina scanner, its water resistance, and its rear-facing dual cameras made its specs impressive, but for those who got to hold and spend time with the phone, it was the simplicity of its design, the striking beauty of its curved screen, and how comfortably the phone sat in your hand that was truly remarkable. And the phone packed a 3,500 mAH battery — enough to allow it to go without a charge even while being used constantly for 36 hours.
The Note 7 is survived by the Apple iPhone 7 Plus and the upcoming Google Pixel XL smartphone. In lieu of flowers, Samsung asks that all Note 7 owners power down their phones, exchange them at stores, and never use them again.
It was this battery that would be its downfall. Within days of its release on August 19, reports began appearing that Note 7s were exploding, its lithium-ion battery suffering some sort of failure that caused it to release all its stored energy at once, sending the phone up in flame. While it will likely take months before the true cause of the defect becomes known, it seems that something was causing negative and positive sides of the battery to come into direct contact with each other when the phone was charged past a certain point, creating an immediate discharge of energy great enough to cause the phone to have a meltdown. This theory may have been confirmed when Samsung released a software patch that prevented the Note 7 from charging past 60 percent.
Shipments were delayed as Samsung hoped to track down the source of the problem, but the phone was already out in the wild. The stories quickly multiplied, with stories of Note 7s scorching beds, cars, and houses. Samsung’s initial recall effort was scattered, with most owners somewhat confused about how and where to exchange their phones, and the Note 7 was briefly taken off retail shelves. But by September 21, retail stores were allowing any owner to come in and exchange their phone for a replacement, and retail sales were back underway. After more than 100 phones suffered from the catastrophic battery failure, the replacement Note 7s would at least be on sale again, and still be arguably the best Android phablets available.
The Note 7 was a gambit by Samsung, a phone that would have cemented Samsung’s spot as the top manufacturer of the premium Android smartphones. There was even hope that the Note 7 would siphon away iPhone owners dissatisfied with an iPhone 7 update that saw the Apple’s phone not gaining much in new features and losing the 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. Instead, analysts are predicting the phone will end up costing Samsung $17 billion — and a charred reputation waiting when (or maybe if) a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is released.
Then, the ostensibly fixed replacement phones started going up in flames as well. With news that a smoking replacement phone forced passengers to evacuate a Southwest Airlines flight last week, it was clear Samsung still had a problem on its hands, though it was still possible it was an isolated case — smartphones from every brand have the potential to catch on fire, thanks to the inherent risk of of lithium-ion batteries. But by Monday, there were at least eight confirmed fires started by replacement Note 7s, and Samsung made the nearly unprecedented decision to pull the phone entirely from the market, killing off the Note 7 line less than two months after it launched.
One of the 2016 campaign’s weirdest and most argued-over subplots — Republican nominee Donald Trump’s affection for Russian president Vladimir Putin, and Russia’s apparent attempts to meddle with U.S. elections — took another fascinating turn yesterday, at an event in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. “This just came out a little while ago — I have to tell you this,” Trump told the enthusiastic crowd, holding a piece of paper which he indicated contained the words of Sidney Blumenthal, the longtime adviser to the Clintons who is the subject of countless right-wing conspiracy theories. Trump began reading the words directly: “The attack was almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department and had failed to protect the United States personnel at an american consulate in Libya. If the GOP wants to raise that as a talking point against her, it is legitimate.”
The problem is that while the email in question does appear to have come from Blumenthal, he was writing about — and quoting from — Eichenwald’s piece. Sputnik had taken Eichenwald’s brief aside — basically, Here are some fair claims the GOP can make about Clinton — ignored the fact that it was from a to-be-sure graf nestled in a much longer piece hammering at the GOP for the politicized Benghazi inquiry, and then put those seemingly anti-Clinton words in Blumenthal’s mouth. It was either an extremely sloppy translation job or a deliberate attempt to spark a false rumor about Blumenthal and Clinton — either way, soon the GOP nominee was spreading the same falsehood.
“In other words,” said Trump, “he’s now admitting they could have done something about Benghazi. This just came out a little while ago.” He flicked the paper away, and the crowd erupted in outrage.
As it turns out, those words never came from Blumenthal. Rather, as reporter Kurt Eichenwald explained in a story published on Newsweek’s website last night that has exploded since then, Trump was quoting Eichenwald. In a piece headlined “Dear Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin, I Am Not Sidney Blumenthal,” Eichenwald explains that the Russian news outlet Sputnik, which, like RT, the Russian news network, is a subsidiary of the government-controlled Rossiya Segodnya news agency, had, sometime between the most recent WikiLeaks email dump from Clinton’s inner circle and Trump’s speech, published a story “breaking” news of the bombshell and sourcing it to WikiLeaks.
That a Russian news agency would be cavalier with facts isn’t surprising; nor, for that matter, is the idea that Trump would be similarly cavalier. But Eichenwald raises a natural, if leading, question over the event: “How did this happen? Who in the Trump campaign was feeding him falsehoods straight from the Kremlin?”
BuzzFeed’s deputy news director, Jon Passantino, has an invaluable series of tweets on this in which he shows that the Blumenthal rumor had begun going viral before Sputnik published its story, and traces one of the major original nodes of the rumor to the Twitter account republic2016:
A bunch of people have picked up and run with this meme since then: The fact that Trump had access to such an obscure, Russia-originating rumor is evidence that, as many people have speculated, there’s an ongoing relationship between his campaign and the Russian intelligence forces hoping to tip the election toward a Putin-admiring authoritarian who is unlikely to curtail Russia’s ambitions. That’s a great story — but, alas, if you know how the internet works these days, Occam’s razor suggests a simpler explanation: Trump, or one of his aides, saw something on Twitter, and repeated it verbatim without bothering to check the sourcing.
Passantino’s tweets tell us something we already knew: When insane new rumors about Clinton pop up, they spread quickly, and that spread is often helped along greatly by Russian media. Take two recent examples: For months, countless outlets — up to the New York Times — have reported that Assange had claimed he had in his possession an email that would lead to Hillary Clinton’s indictment. But when I tried to trace the source of the Assange quote often used to illustrate this claim, it turned out not to exist — it was usually attributed to an interview in which Assange never said anything of the sort. So how did it spread? Shortly after the rumor popped up RT helped spread it and it took off like wildfire, first through the gonzo-sphere and then, ultimately, up to the mainstream media as well.
Something similar happened last week: After an anonymous blogger cited anonymous State Department sources who said Clinton had expressed frustration that she couldn’t just murder Assange with a drone strike — sourcing-wise, this is about as credible as your 5-year-old cousin insisting he saw Bigfoot in his closet — RT helped spread that rumor, which also went viral. In both instances, the rumors have already spread far wider than any debunking will go. Hundreds of thousands, or millions, of people still believe that Assange is sitting on an email that will get Clinton locked up, and that she spoke seriously about taking him out with a drone.
An entire internet cottage-industry has sprung up around the fact-check-free dissemination and “wishcasting” — Dave Weigel’s great term — of anti-Clinton rumors, and the Trump campaign, always on the lookout for material, is certainly tied into these paranoid networks. There’s no way to prove that there isn’t a Russian disinformation pro in contact with Trump’s campaign. But the point is that Russia doesn’t need one: It just needs to help spread regular old internet trash, and that trash will get where it needs to go eventually.
None of this is particularly surprising to anyone who spends time online. This is the 2016-era internet economy, after all, in which websites hungry for attention are incentivized to publish rumors, which in turn manage to travel around the world before anyone can debunk them. What’s a little odd is that another odd, misreported rumor ended up on the lips of a major-party presidential candidate. But then again, this is a man who’s shown himself to be either singularly gullible or singularly dishonest, a voracious but shallow consumer of media, who has the attention span (and credulousness) of a Twitter mob.
The hits just keep on coming for Elizabeth Holmes and Theranos. Following major layoffs and lab closures last week, yesterday news broke that one of the company’s major backers, Partner Fund Management LP, is suing the blood-testing company and Holmes for nearly $100 million after both reportedly lied about the company’s technology to secure funding. According to a letter sent to The Wall Street Journal, “Theranos, its founder Elizabeth Holmes and a former executive deceived the hedge fund by claiming it had developed ‘proprietary technologies that worked,’ and was close to getting regulatory approvals.” And as anybody who has kept up with Theranos’s fall from Silicon Valley grace will tell you, that technology never materialized. Theranos, for its part, denies the allegations and plans to fight them “vigorously.”
Last week, after shuttering all of its clinical labs and Theranos Wellness Centers, Holmes announced the company is refocusing its efforts on its miniLab platform. The miniLab is small blood-testing device that looks like “a computer printer” and can reportedly test for up to 40 diseases in a very small sample of blood. (The device has yet to be green-lit by regulators and already has skeptics.) Earlier this year, Holmes was banned by U.S. regulators with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services from operating a medical lab for at least the next two years. (Holmes is currently appealing this ban.) Also, Forbes recently re-estimated her once multi-billion net worth to $0, so that’s got to hurt.
For generations, we have suffered through life with the unquantified teakettle. How could we tell if the kettle needed refilling? What temperature, exactly, was the water inside? And was there any way to tell if the water was boiling even if we weren’t the same room? (No, there was not.) We would wake up each morning, and, coming home every evening, our teakettles would not respond to our presence at all — sad nightmare that we all suffered through, cold and alone.
Luckily, there’s the Smarter iKettle 2.0, a Wi-Fi-enabled smart kettle that “allows you to remote boil via a smart device,” “features variable temperature control along with with wake up and welcome home modes,” and “let[s] you know when it is empty and prompts you to refill it.” Great!
Mark Rittman, a Brighton-based business-analytics expert, decided he was was ready to bring his teakettle online, as part of testing out a smart-home network on Hadoop (an open-source data-storage framework normally used in enterprise computing). And if a watched pot doesn’t boil, it turns out a teakettle that you need to integrate into your home Wi-Fi network really doesn’t boil.
Sadly, there will always be those who don’t understand that the iKettle 2.0 represents a glorious future.
(Update: Prime Day is over. But we still think you should buy one.)
There are only (only) 26 days left until the election. Which means you’ve got a little over three weeks left to Google all those burning questions about Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Just make sure you’re asking the right ones to help inform your decision come November 8. (Or November 28, if you’re Donald Trump.) For a little inspiration, Google rounded up the top candidate-related search questions from the past day.
For Clinton, the top question was “What did Hillary say about Catholics?” (Answer: One of her aides has come under fire for mocking Rupert Murdoch for raising his children Catholic, according to a recently leaked email published by WikiLeaks.) While for Trump, the number-one query was “What did Billy Bush say to Trump?” (Answer: A whole bunch of highly sexist and inappropriate comments about women back in 2005. This is the same conversation where Trump said if you’re famous enough, you can “grab them [women] by the pussy.”) People are also searching about Trump’s IQ and whether or not he has tweeted today. (Yes, these all seem like the kinds of questions we should be asking about a man who could potentially run a country.)
Meanwhile, for the Democratic candidate people wanted to know about age, religious affiliation, and when Clinton served as secretary of State. (Hmm, these questions seem markedly more relevant to someone who might soon be working from the Oval Office.)
Like we said, only 26 days left. Hang in there, friends.
The first cell phone I lost to water damage was a Motorola Rizr Z3 in 2006 — though it wasn’t actually water that did it in, but a spilled beer. Since then, I’ve lost a phone in a sink, in a rain jacket that got too humid, and in my pocket before I jumped into a swimming hole in upstate New York.
After the swimming hole, far away from a Genius Bar, I Googled how to dry a phone, and ended the day with a very wet iPhone 4s submerged in rice. The next morning, I had a ruined phone and some rice I was pretty leery about cooking. AppleCare took care of the phone, but I had been lackadaisical in backing up the data on my phone — so hundreds of photos disappeared.
So what can you do to make sure your phone will come back to life after taking a dunk? First, never plug your phone back into a charger if it’s gotten wet. “There’s a perception — when they get it wet, they can’t see the water inside. When the screen doesn’t turn on, the immediate reaction is to plug it in.” says Zielinski. But a wet phone with power flowing through leads to one thing: electrical shorts, which equals a permanently fried phone.
Redux, a phone-drying service currently available at 650 TCC Verizon locations around the U.S. but with plans to expand much farther, wants to prevent all that. The service is simple: Bring your waterlogged phone in and walk out with the same phone, except dry and working. Redux works on either a subscription model — pay $29.99 for two years of worth of drying — or walk in off the street, pay a $10 diagnostic fee, and if the phone works pay either $90 or about half that if your phone is under an insurance plan.Redux co-founder Reuben Zielinski and TCC president Omar Khan showed me the machine that makes this possible. It works like this: You place your soaked phone inside a chamber. After closing the lid, the machine starts to suck all the air out, creating a partial vacuum. “Right now, you and I are being subjected 14.7 psi [pounds per square inch] of atmospheric pressure,” says Zielinksi. “We lower that down close to zero. I wouldn’t call it a perfect vacuum, but we get close.” In that low pressure, water boils off at 75 degrees Fahrenheit, allowing the water trapped inside your phone to convert to vapor at a temperature that won’t also melt anything.
The machine runs through this cycle several times, breaking the vacuum, sucking out the water vapor, heating up the phone to back up to 75 degrees — the phone will get cold in the vacuum due to the water turning to vapor, the same way your skin gets cooler when sweat dries — and then putting the phone back into a vacuum. A sensor in the chamber detects the humidity, and once the phone isn’t putting out any more water vapor, it shuts down. “At that point, we can absolutely guarantee the phone is dry,” says Zielinksi. The phone is plugged back in a charger, and hopefully boots up. Zielinksi says the company sees a over a 70 percent success rate in bringing phones back to life.
Second, and this may seem contradictory to all your instincts, but if you’ve dropped your phone in the pool or the ocean, run it under a faucet with fresh water to flush it out. “Chlorides are bad for electronics,” says Zielinski. “In a pool you have chlorine. In sea you have sodium chloride, or salt.”
It’s not just waterlogged phones that Redux wants to help you with. Zielinski says they’ve successfully dried out Wii controllers, a $5,000 cochlear implant, and a video camera that was left outside in the rain for a week. The model they showed to me could only hold a 7-inch tablet at most, but they’re planning to roll out a new version that can dry electronics up to the size of a 13-inch laptop.
There are several phone-drying competitors out there. DryBox is a kiosk service available in Oklahoma and Texas. Tekdry uses much of the same technology as Redux, except the phone is placed on metal beads instead of warming pads to keep the phone at the proper temperature.
Still, one has to wonder: With both the iPhone 7 and the Samsung Galaxy S7 being water resistant, will there still be demand for cell-phone drying services? Zielinksi says yes. “We’ve already dried out some water-resistant phones,” he says. “Water-resistant isn’t waterproof.”
Today, Wired published an extensive interview between President Barack Obama — who edited this month’s issue of the magazine — and Joi Ito, the director of MIT’s Media Lab. In the interview (conducted by Scott Dadich, who edits Wired when the president isn’t), the two men discuss everything from artificial intelligence to computers to their favorite science-fiction movies. (Like Taylor Swift, Obama was a big fan of 2015’s The Martian and he thinks we’re a “reasonably long way away” from living in The Matrix.)
At one point in the interview (which you can read in full here), Dadich asks Obama about the potential dangers society faces as AI becomes more and more ingrained in our lives. Specifically, “about AI’s potential to outpace our ability to understand it.” (Read: What happens when the computers get smarter then we are?) For Obama, the current concern still seems to be less about “machines taking over the world,” as it is with the humans using machines to take over the world.
From Wired:
To this, Ito adds that it’s unlikely we’ll need to be concerned about the powers of this kind of generalized AI in the next decade. Instead, it’ll be a gradual process, marked by cumulative breakthroughs, giving people (and the government) time to prepare. And if that doesn’t work, Obama’s got some ideas about how to keep AI in check. “And you just have to have somebody close to the power cord,” he joked to Wired. “Right when you see it about to happen, you gotta yank that electricity out of the wall, man.”
Video-game characters change their faces and physiques so often you probably don’t notice things like Pikachu’s gradual slimming down or Sonic’s massive height increase. And don’t even get us started on the time Pac-Man mysteriously sprouted legs overnight.
If you’ve ever rued the day you set foot inside a dry cleaner (and really, who among us hasn’t), you may find this device to be the answer to all the tears you’ve shed over yet another shrunken sweater. It may look like a computer mouse, but, apparently, it can clean your clothes on the go without messing them up.
Yesterday evening, Nate Silver, the editor-in-chief of data analysis website FiveThirtyEight, tweeted two very different versions of the electoral map. In one, the U.S. is mapped based on election results if only women voted. It is overwhelmingly blue.
The other, which shows only men, is, well, overwhelmingly not blue. Congrats, hypothetical President Trump. (The Trump campaign later used this version of Silver’s electoral map in an email to supporters to demonstrate “making gains against Crooked Hillary.”)
Like we said, that was yesterday, which means today the maps have taken on a life of their own, inspiring a new electoral-map meme. (Your fifth-grade civics teacher would be so proud.)
To create your own, take a map of the United States and modify it based on your chosen group of voters: Reddit users, memes, or places with residual radioactivity from the Nevada Test Site nuclear bomb detonations. Anything goes. The world is your content oyster.
You don’t even have to limit yourself to a true physical shape of the United States. This is a meme, after all. Take a little creative license and reimagine the electoral map if you’d like. Welcome to 2016! Traditional politics as we knew them have basically gone to hell, anyway!
A friendly reminder: Voting is important and the deadline to register in most states is soon. (If it hasn’t passed already.) Because if you don’t register and vote, this could be your future.
Starting today, Tinder is introducing a new feature that should help improve your dating game: an algorithm. (Because the tech, not you, is definitely the reason for your lack of matches.) Called Smart Photos, the app will now alternate the order in which potential matches are shown your pictures, which, Tinder says, “lets users maximize the potential of their first profile photo, the one seen by the most users.”
In addition to changing up which photo is shown first, the new feature tracks which image garners the most swipes. That data is then used when the app selects which photo goes first. According to Tinder, “users saw up to a 12% increase in matches when using Smart Photos.” (Which is small, but not insignificant.) The new feature also tracks data on your swiping habits, optimizing which pictures you are shown on other people’s profiles based on images you’ve liked in the past.
From Tinder:
“Machine learning system.” Dating in 2016 is fun.
Standing half-naked in front of a full-length mirror body-scanner thing probably isn’t anyone’s idea of a good, self esteem-building time, but the inventors of this gadget claim it will track your fitness progress in ways a traditional scale definitely cannot.
Anyone who has ever low-key almost burned their house down during a simple attempt at making a meal will appreciate this innovative oven that knows what you’re cooking, helps you make it, and turns off automatically when its done. Oh, and it also lets you watch the whole process go down, which sounds boring but useful.
More than 2.5 billion people don’t have regular access to a toilet, and a start-up called Toilets for People is trying to change that with an innovative new product.
Four male employees at an Apple store in Queensland, Australia, were fired for secretly taking photos of female customers and even some of their female co-workers, and rating them by appearance.
So in other words, the men in question didn’t steal customer photos from their iPhones — they just objectified customers behind their backs.
In the so-called “rating” ring, one of the men would take a photo and add it to a group chat. The other men would then give “the person or their butt or their boobs” a rating from one to ten, along with what I’m sure was some very enlightening commentary, according to a report by the Courier-Mail, as per the Daily Dot. A human-resources representative for Apple reportedly said in a statement:
During Sunday night’s debate, a 55-year-old Missouri man named Earlest Johnson was among the handful of undecided voters present on the stage with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. At one point during the 90-minute national nightmare masquerading as a debate, something in Johnson snapped. While watching Trump talk about how he would help “inner cities” (read: African-Americans and Latinos), his face shifted, his eyebrows rose, and a million people on the internet screamed in unison. (Sadly, Johnson’s meme potential was overshadowed by a certain man whose name rhymes with “zen pwn.”)
Over the long weekend, Mark Zuckerberg celebrated by grilling in his backyard. Never one to miss an opportunity for dog-fooding, he broadcast the event to his millions of followers on Facebook Live, eyeing the comment stream and responding to viewers.
Zuck reads:
At one point (4:06 in the video below) a user named Kenneth asked about “the Zucc.”
Zuckerberg’s obliviousness regarding the Zucc is amusing for a few reasons. First, “the Zucc” is a variation on “the succ,” a meme about oral sex. It dates back to a famous 2014 Tumblr post (110,000 notes, and counting) that simply stated: “she succ me thru my boxers.” Succ, in general terms, is online slang for fellatio. “She succ me,” “get the succ,” and so on.
Here is the most famous succ image.
It’s not a huge syllabic leap from “succ” to “zucc.” On a primitive level, it is simply very funny to get one of the most influential people in the world to reference oral sex.
Boy, there’s a lot going on here. Imagine being a medieval knight, transported through time by the machinations of an evil wizard, and coming across this image. I would not want to have the job of explaining to this knight what the image means, but were I asked to do so I would tell him it is a variation on a meme called “He Will Never Get a Girlfriend,” in which an unflattering picturing and a flattering picture of the same person or thing are juxtaposed. The guy eating cereal is surprised that the undesirable person has become very desirable, and so he spits his cereal. Now the meme has been altered so that SpongeBob receives oral sex, much to the surprise of cereal man.
But “zucc” also has another meaning. Over the course of 2016, Facebook pages that fit into the zany, sometimes problematic genre of “weird Facebook” have been disappearing. The operators of those pages are not pleased, and have been taking a stand against, as it’s known, “getting zucked.”
So pages with names like “Fucc the Zucc” have been popping up, angry at Facebook taking down their meme pages and throwing a wrench in their nihilistic meme crusade. This collective movement is known as the Zuckening.
As noted, the stream in which Zuckerberg gets lightly trolled does not, for some reason, appear in his profile’s archives. We’ve reached out to Facebook for comment and will update if we hear back.
But the trolls got him to say “the zucc” on camera, and that’s a victory in itself.
That Zuckerberg is unaware of the Zuckening illustrates either the protest’s ineffectiveness or Zuckerberg’s apathy when it comes to granular user concerns — or, probably, both.
(The livestream this clip is from is not archived on Zuckerberg’s page, and there is some slight hitching in the feed, but the smoothness of reaction animations confirms that the footage is unaltered.)
Since then, Johnson has spoken out about his chosen candidate: Hillary Clinton. (Ken Bone still remains publicly undecided.) Johnson told BuzzFeed News he was turned off by the way Trump presented himself during the debate. “He walked around her, sat behind her, and almost like he was stalking her,” Johnson said. “It was a lot of weird and it was very creepy.” Johnson also said he would be voting for Clinton and is “absolutely not a Trump supporter.”
Now if we could just get the red-sweater-wearing man who shall not be named to stop cavorting around with Uber and selling shirts bearing his face and choose a damn side already.
Except that, for women who date women, the app keeps mistakenly matching them with women who are only using the app to find female friends.
Bumble can be great for queer women — but not if it’s assuming that women looking for women are just as interested in finding girlfriends of one kind as they are in finding girlfriends of the other. There are so many moving parts (“when are you free,” “uh, whenever works for you,” “no really, I’m good with whenever”) and awkward variables to meeting people on dating apps already — worrying about whether or not the woman you are messaging with is asking how your Wednesday is going because she’s interested in you sexually or because she’s just being friendly shouldn’t be one of them. If I wanted to stress about that, I’d ditch dating apps altogether and go back to high school.
In many ways, the dating-app revolution has left LBGTQ women behind. Using Tinder means swiping through dozens and dozens of men who have lied about their gender to seek out queer women. Hinge initially launched without an option for users to seek both men and women. (This has since been changed, but I gave up on the app back in 2014.) The little-used Her is the only app designed exclusively for queer women that has at least $1 million in funding — but, as you might guess, it still isn’t pervasive enough to mean you can give up its all-gender rivals.
During a fundraiser in San Francisco earlier today, Hillary Clinton had a few choice words for Donald Trump … about cats. “There’s hardly any part of America that he has not targeted,” Clinton said. “It makes you want to turn off the news. It makes you want to unplug the internet or just look at cat GIFs.”
“Believe me, I get it,” Clinton said. “In the last few weeks I’ve watched a lot of cats do a lot of weird and interesting things. But we have a job to do and it’ll be good for people and for cats.” Which is a great promise and all, I guess, but I’m mostly interested in finding out what Hillary Clinton’s preferred cat videos are. Is she into the “Sail” by AWOLNATION cat or more of a Nyah cat purist? Hill, if you’re reading this, please let me know in the comments.
(Note for the concerned: The Democratic nominee used the controversial hard “g” pronunciation of GIF, rather than pronouncing it like the peanut butter brand, the preferred pronunciation of the creator of the GIF, Steve Wilhite.)
On Sunday, Ken Bone left his house, split his pants, donned a red sweater, asked a question about energy, and returned home a national celebrity. By early Monday morning, Bone emerged the clear winner of the second presidential debate. Within 24 hours, Bone could be seen on talk shows, heard on radio interviews, and followed on his Twitter account; within 72, he was promoting Uber. And on Thursday night, during a Reddit AMA, reporters searching through old answers discovered that — among other things — Bone frequently commented on erotic photos, and had once written he believed that Trayvon Martin’s killing was justified. And just like that, America exited the Bone zone.
The truth is, we should have expected this. Bone’s memeification has followed a pretty standard trajectory as far as internet celebrity goes — a Joseph Campbell–style mono-myth viral cycle consisting of four stages: Memeing, Interviewing, Cashing In, and Falling From Grace. Most human memes and viral celebrities follow this narrative arc gradually, and many never complete it. But Bone managed to traverse it so thoroughly and efficiently — in all of four days — he serves as a teachable model.
In this phase, we watch as a person emerges from obscurity and is rocketed to memedom on a massive scale. You can’t plan to become a meme (and if you do, ahem, Alex from Target, expect to skip to step four almost immediately); it’s just something that happens — a perfect alignment of media attention, national scale, and personal eccentricity not so weird as to be labeled, well, actually weird. Think of Left Shark, one of Katy Perry’s two shark-costume-wearing backup dancers from her 2015 Super Bowl halftime show. While Right Shark danced along according to the choreographed plan, Left Shark’s moves were off-kilter just enough that everyone watching from home took note. “Left Shark understands us,” we collectively cheered over the coming days of Left Shark–inspired listicles, tweets, think pieces, and New Yorker satire. “We are all Left Shark!”
How it went for Ken: Bone’s glasses, mustache, surname, and sartorial choices primed him for meme status before he even took the stage to quiz Trump and Clinton about energy independence. Something about his earnest demeanor (and also, uh, the need to find viral content in order to keep the great wheels of digital publishing turning) made everyone at home take note and begin tweeting furiously. By the end of the debate, when Bone whipped out a disposable camera to take pictures (phones were banned from the premises, so everyone was provided with a disposable by event organizers), we all just assumed he had brought the retro device himself, that Ken Bone was the kind of guy who wandered around the Midwest carrying a piece of technology that went out of vogue in 2005. “A disposable camera? What a classic Bone move,” we laughed at our screens. Within an hour of Bone’s appearance, a new viral star had been born.
Once the vanguard of professional bloggers, Tumblr teens, Twitter comedians, and other content creators have exhausted their abilities to praise and Photoshop the viral star, a wave of morning radio and late-night TV appearances commences, often culminating in an appearance on Ellen. Sirius XM radio hosts and magazine journalists are calling to interview in the hopes they can get to you before Stage Four inevitably arrives (more on that in a moment). If you have older parents, this is the stage during which they become aware of this person’s existence. It hasn’t always been quite this fast, either: Think back to the halcyon days of 2009, when it took an entire month after the posting of the “JK Wedding Dance” video (where the wedding party dances down the aisle to Chris Brown’s “Forever”) for the bride and groom to appear on The Today Show.
How it went for Ken: Bone, on the other hand, became an immediate sensation. From interviews with news outlets like CNN directly following the debate, to Comedy Central’s @midnight, a cameo on Ellen, to, finally, his appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live — which announced he’d be a live debate commentator before his Reddit history came out — Bone’s face was everywhere you looked this week.
Once peak press saturation has been reached for a meme (person), the only logical step is to capitalize on that fame. This could mean corporate deals, sponsorships, paid guest appearances at events, or branded merch. “Damn” Daniel Lara was given a lifetime supply of white Vans (which, to his credit, he donated to a local children’s hospital). For Ted “Golden Voice” Williams — the homeless man turned meme following a local news report of Williams on the streets asking for money and demonstrating his talent for voice work — that translated to booking commercials with brands like Kraft and Pepsi, as well as a book deal.
How it went for Ken: Bone entered Stage Three of the meme narrative arc the moment he tweeted about his new line of limited run #BoneZone shirts, on October 12. (A whole three days after the debates.) For $20, you can own a shirt covered in Ken’s face. “I don’t believe in political parties, I just believe in parties,” Bone, who says part of the proceeds will go to charity, explains in the tee’s description. “This is my OFFICIAL and ONLY limited edition shirt.” The next day, Bone tweeted about his partnership with UberSelect. However, that tweet has since been deleted and may have violated FTC rules, since the Bonehead did not specify whether it was a paid ad or just an organic declaration of love for Uber.
This may come as a shock, but the people we collectively pluck from obscurity and thrust into viral stardom as “spirit animals” and cuddly objects of obsession don’t go through a particularly rigorous vetting process. So, what happens when the people we’ve praised and interviewed and renamed our Twitter handles after turn out to be, well, not so praiseworthy? As a dramatic example, remember Charles Ramsey, the man who saved three missing Cleveland women from captivity. Despite the dark circumstances of his rise to fame, initial profanity-laden interviews with Ramsey were widely distributed online — until news later surfaced of Ramsey’s history of domestic-violence arrests.
How it went for Ken: The answers Bone actually gave for his AMA were perfunctory at best. (Question: “What will you be going as for Halloween? I hear the sexy Ken Bone will be popular.” Answer: “I’m already the sexy Ken Bone so I’m thinking bust out the old Jedi robe / lightsaber combo and be Obi Wan Kenboni.”) But the real mistake was Bone hosting the AMA from his personal Reddit account, StanGibson18, without thinking that people would immediately look through his post history — which included comments about committing insurance fraud, referring to pregnant women as “beautiful human submarines,” his vasectomy, porn, and that “the shooting of Trayvon Martin was justified.” Yikes.
Farewell, Ken Bone. We hardly knew ye … and that was the problem.
The inventors of this elegantly designed plastic ring claim it will help you live your best life, get your best sleep, and be your best self. But unfortunately, it only works if you listen to its suggestions.
For months, it’s seemed like no anti-Trump arguments have been able to connect to the internet-native, meme-happy, post-Gamergate voters of the alt-right, which hopes to ride the Trump train straight to the White House. Finally, though, one political-action committee is putting Trump in terms they can understand: video-game references.
A new — and, frankly, convincing — website called Trump Is Not a Team Player explains Trump’s actions on the campaign trail in terms of gaming. He blames his teammates; he accuses his opponents of cheating; he claims that his controller — sorry, debate mic — is broken.
Overwatch is a class-based multiplayer game where different characters have different abilities, strengths, and weaknesses, so it’s important that a team has a diverse lineup (“team comp”). Depending on their style, some players decide to focus on getting really good playing as one character (also known as “maining”).
To Overwatch players, “Trump mains Hanzo and complains about team comp” is both highly insulting and completely fitting. To non-players, it’s incomprehensible. Allow us to try to explain.
Maining Hanzo is derided in certain Overwatch circles because players who gravitate toward the character don’t contribute to the overall team. The objective of a normal Overwatch map is to move a payload from one end of an arena to the other — not to kill the most people, as one might in a game like Halo.
The website — created by Nuisance Committee, a PAC funded by the popular party game Cards Against Humanity — is beautifully illustrated with cartoons showing Trump as various heroes from the insanely popular multiplayer shooter Overwatch.
Hanzo is a ranged character, meaning that he normally stands apart from the frenzy and snipes from a distance. Reddit’s main Overwatch forum actually has an entire thread about why players who main Hanzo suck.
User iCantCallit explains:
Another user, typhoxtyx, adds:
Maining a character in Overwatch is counterproductive to the game’s design, which requires the ability to recalibrate a team’s lineup in order to better fight opponents.
In other words, in the popular imagination, Hanzo mains are selfish newbies who only look out for themselves, don’t really understand the point of the game, and refuse to play in the proper spirit. Sounds familiar, right?
But its biggest outlay is a billboard in Florida that reads “Trump mains Hanzo and complains about team comp.”
The funniest new show this season is not happening on your television screens. It’s happening on YouTube, where gamers Nick Robinson and Griffin McElroy, who work at Polygon, have been posting new episodes of their fantastic game-streaming show Car Boys every Thursday. Inside the robust physics simulation known as BeamNG.drive — a driving “game” that models soft-body physics, showing cars crumpling realistically — the Car Boys encounter sick stunts, warped gravity, catastrophes that defy expectation, and a demonic crash test dummy known only as Busto who exists outside of time and space.
The base-level premise of Car Boys is that Nick and Griffin just find heinous ways to wreck cars. For many of us, that’s all we need to hear to be sold on the show. But there’s more going on with Car Boys, starting with the “game” itself. In most driving video games, crashing a car results only in cosmetic damage, some dents, scratches, and maybe a slightly misshapen bumper. BeamNG.drive is rare in that it attempts to model soft-body physics, every single bump you hit or point of contact can alter the appearance and performance of the vehicle. Hitting a bump at the wrong angle can turn your car into a heap of twisted virtual metal. It’s a complex system which ensures that nothing happens the exact same way twice.
The other beauty of BeamNG.drive is that it explains nothing. It’s available on the online game market Steam in the “early access” section, which is for programs that are still in active development, but are also in a playable state. So while the physics calculations being made as the program runs are far more realistic than in other video games, BeamNG.drive is very rough around the edges. Controlling it seems like a nightmare.
Game play-throughs and Twitch streaming — the most popular genre of online video, in which game-play footage is paired with commentary or reaction — fall into one of a few broad categories: demonstrations of skill, tips and tricks, or, if we’re being entirely honest, a hot person overemoting. Not only is BeamNG.drive a different type of game than most people are used to, but Car Boys is also a different type of show. Like in speedrunning, the players attempt to break the game, but the end goal is not better performance or faster time. It’s to see what the hell happens, or make each other laugh. It is literally a ten-car pile up with a laugh track.
Over the course of 12 episodes and counting, the Car Boys have found new ways to make mischief, merriment, and unceasing terror from which they can never truly escape. The pair took some time out of their busy schedules to explain exactly what makes Car Boys so compelling, and why it’s the video game that keeps on giving.
Watching Car Boys is watching organized chaos — a collection of what-if scenarios that never, ever play out how you think they will. What if we hit that sick ramp and then went into super slo-mo? What if we made the gravity super weak so everything floated upward and then super strong to smash the cars into the ground? What if we shot this bus out of a large cannon? And despite the freeform flow of the series, a true villain has emerged in the form of Busto, a crash test dummy that cannot be controlled by man nor god.
How did you find out about BeamNG.drive?
And it wasn’t until a few days later when I wanted to show my computer to my roommate. So I loaded up BeamNG.drive and my roommate’s kinda this weird guy who just loves chaos —
Nick Robinson: This was kinda my first experience dipping into Steam reviews, and I saw all of the reviews for it were positive, so I downloaded it and messed with it for eight minutes and was kinda really disappointed and bored by it. I was like, “This game is so weird. There’s no structure to it. There’s no game part that I can find.”
Nick: He’s a recurring character in my life who … he just loves … he told me once about this recurring fantasy he has where he stands in line at the grocery store and just throws a bottle of wine against the wall and then there’s ten seconds of silence and everyone’s looking around trying to figure out what happens and right when someone starts to speak, that’s when he throws the second bottle. I think about that all the time.
Griffin McElroy: That’s such a good way to describe your roommate.
Nick: Yeah, we had a whiteboard with about 1,000 possibilities on it. We both set aside a week and we flew out to the New York office of Vox Media and we just really hammered it, hammered it.
Griffin: It took about four seconds.
Nick: That’s been an interesting thing, too. The idea that we would’ve wound up where we are today is so weird because it’s not the same show anymore. I feel like everybody who watches Car Boys was misled — including me and Griffin — that it was going to be a thing about cars crashing in slow motion, and that is not at all what it is anymore.
When you guys sit down to record this, what is your goal? What are you trying to accomplish?
Griffin: Usually, we lose the goal in something like … In the last video, Nick found a new area. It was like, ‘Ok let’s get in here and do some stuff.’ And then we sat down to do it and while we were trying to do these dumb things on this big dumb ramp we found, we also discovered that we could adjust the gravity of the world. We’re like, ‘Well, that’s the next three videos.’ The game has been generous with ideas for episodes like that, because you find something like that and it’s like ‘Oh my God, of course. This is going to be everything now.’
Nick: Without giving anything away, I do have a text file on my computer with like five more ideas for features in the game that Griffin doesn’t know about yet, that I’m going to show him, that we could potentially do some real dirt with.
Griffin: Every individual thing is so funny, because then we can go back and we know there are planes and cannons and bedeviled crash test dummies and all kinds of stuff in the game. So when you discover something new, like you can change the gravity, it’s like, ‘Well, now we have to go back and redo everything we’ve already done and see how gravity affects it.’
Griffin: And it’s the perfect game for it too, because of the heavy emphasis on physics simulation. Everything that happens, no matter what, is going to be super funny to look at. That doesn’t come from me or Nick at all. That is purely the game.
Nick: Yeah. Like we haven’t done a plane in zero gravity yet. We haven’t done the gravity smash on Busto yet which seems like a no-brainer. It’s kind of the best sort of the ultimate emergent game-play game.
Nick: I think the other big half of that is the fact that it’s a very mod-focused game. A lot of the levels we’ve been doing lately have been fan-made (not fans of us, fans of BeamNG.drive). These are people who just love racing simulation and physics simulation. So Busto, that model, came from a mod. We should honestly, Griffin, go out of our way to find those people and shake their hand and thank them because none of this would possible if it weren’t for whomever decided that that game needed a crash test dummy in it.
Griffin: Part of me has to think that they know about it, right? I bought the game. As soon as Nick showed it to me, I was like, ‘YUUUUP! I have to own this. It’s the craziest thing I’ve ever seen.’
Nick: No. I’ve gone and looked at their Twitter I think two or three times over the course of this happening. I just want some acknowledgement from them, honestly.
Nick: Yeah. One could make the case that maybe they as developers of a realistic physics-simulation game maybe aren’t crazy about these videos that just highlight … We really hone in on the small parts of the game that are broken and then blow that up into a 30-minute video. So it’s almost anti-BeamNG.drive propaganda. We should put a disclaimer that’s like ‘This game is actually incredible. Super robust physics simulation. We’re just playing it wrong. Please don’t think that it’s actually this broken.’
I’ve been trying to figure out why I enjoy watching the series so much, and I feel like what I’ve settled on is that it’s kinda like the opposite of speedrunning? In that you’re trying to break the game, not to get through it faster but just for the hell of breaking it.
Griffin: This game is amazing.
Nick: That’s something I’m trying to stay conscious of too, is that the further we veer into the supernatural stuff I don’t want to lose sight of what made Car Boys great in the first place, which is there’s something fundamentally satisfying about watching these cars super slowly, hyperrealistically crumple. There’s something magical about this weird juxtaposition of the most realistic car crashes I’ve ever seen simulated in a digital space but they’re happening on these weird gray, nondescript grids. It’s simultaneously the most realistic and least-realistic-looking game I’ve ever seen and in the weird space in between those things I think it’s fundamentally weird and funny.
Have you interacted with other BeamNG.drive players? Do you know what they do with the program?
Then there’s a game called Spin Tires. It’s all about driving Russian trucks through muddy, awful environments. But you’re not drifting. You have to manually choose the torque going into each tire and it’s absolutely insane. I think what’s so amazing about that is you hear that and if you’re into the genre you think, ‘Oh good. Finally a game where I can drive these big Russian trucks through mud fields or whatever.’
Griffin: I just did a Reddit search in the BeamNG subreddit and they have not mentioned us once, so I think we’re still flying under their radar.
Nick: Yeah, I have no idea. I think the extent of that for me have been in the YouTube comments, we’ll occasionally get comments from people who have played the game and usually it’s them pointing out an interesting or helpful feature. Griffin, there’s so much stuff you don’t know about yet. I’m so excited. I’m a little cagey about getting too specific with it because I think surprising each other with it is part of what’s fun about it.
Nick: Somebody tweeted at me that they searched the BeamNG forums for Car Boys and there were zero results. I was trying to get a high-quality picture of Busto 2.0 so I went to where I downloaded the mod originally and there were like two comments there that were like, “this mod is famous now because of this YouTube show!” And we’re not doing crazy YouTube numbers honestly.
The people who do like the show are super, super, super passionate about it and that’s something that’s very new for me. Seeing what the fandom thinks of each episode has been something that I’ve never really experienced before. And that’s been fun too.
What has this burgeoning fandom been doing with it? Like, are you getting fan art?
Griffin: The big thing is people just grab stills from an episode, and it’s the most beautiful modern art ever. If I was in a band, I would just load up BeamNG.drive and then just like, play for a bit, then screen-capture something, and that’s the album cover. Especially when you get to the stuff of the models exploding into these infinite triangles, it’s really beautiful.
Nick: Somebody did a really incredible side-by-side of, like, stills from the most recent episode and stills from Battleship Potemkin that completely blew me away when I saw it. It is nuts. And like people will take really tiny moments from an episode. Like there’s one moment from this most recent one where Busto is kind of standing on the bumper of a car and riding down this rail.
Griffin: It’s hard to say because we have talked about how there’s so much stuff we haven’t messed with. I am worried we will eventually reach a breaking point. The hard part is that it’s escalated every time. I ran into this with the Griffin’s amiibo Corner, which is another series I do at Polygon where I got like, sucked into a virtual-reality game and lived in that for two episodes. Once you do that, it’s hard to like, it’s really hard to step backward and go back to doing the shit that you were doing. We went from doing fun car-crash stuff, shooting a cannon into a car — that’s fun — to basically an ARG about a crash test dummy that wants to kills us in real life who is in every episode and ruins everything and is horrifying. And it’s hard to keep escalating that.
Where would you like to see the series go in the future?
“If I were asked to condense the whole of the present century into one mental picture,” the novelist J. G. Ballard wrote in 1971, “I would pick a familiar everyday sight: a man in a motor car, driving along a concrete highway to some unknown destination. Almost every aspect of modern life is there, both for good and for ill — our sense of speed, drama, and aggression, the worlds of advertising and consumer goods, engineering and mass-manufacture, and the shared experience of moving together through an elaborately signaled landscape.” In other words: Life is a highway. And the highway, Ballard believed, was a bloody, beautiful mess.
For Ballard, the car posed a beguiling paradox. How could it be such an erotic object, at once muscular and voluptuous, virginal and “fast,” while also being one of history’s deadliest inventions? Was its popularity simply a triumph of open-road optimism — a blind trust that the crash would only ever happen to someone else? Ballard thought not. His hunch was that, on some level, drivers are turned on by the danger, and perhaps even harbor a desire to be involved in a spectacular crash. A few years later, this notion would unfurl, like a corpse flower, into Crash, his incendiary novel about a group of people who fetishize demolished cars and mangled bodies.
In Ballard’s grim reckoning, the end of driving would be just one step in our long march toward the “benign dystopia” of rampant consumerism and the surveillance state, in which people willingly give up control of their lives in exchange for technological comforts. The car, flawed as it was, functioned as a bulwark against “the remorseless spread of the regimented, electronic society.” “The car as we know it now is on the way out,” Ballard wrote. “To a large extent I deplore its passing, for as a basically old-fashioned machine it enshrines a basically old-fashioned idea — freedom.”
After the invention of Ford’s Model-T, these expensive toys evolved into tools of middle-class mobility. Soon, farmers found that the motorcar (and the motorized tractor) had more to offer them than it did urbanites; the press of the time describe how the technology was uniting far-flung rural communities. Car ownership granted new powers of mobility to women and people of color (though it also brought them into contact with new prejudices and dangers). Around the technology grew a distinctly American ethos of individualism and personal freedom. As rehearsal transcripts for Henry Ford II’s highway propaganda film Freedom of the American Road announced, “Our ability to travel around this country in our own cars, anywhere where we want, is a special kind of freedom, a unique freedom people have here in America, not quite like travel anywhere else in the world.”
The question will become even more complicated once it becomes entangled in the sticky web of partisan politics, which it inevitably will be — another sign of just how loaded the car is as a pack mule of American symbolism. Will the left resist driverless cars because they threaten to disrupt union jobs and transfer trillions of dollars to a few new privately held companies? Or will the right resist them because they impede individual liberty and undermine “traditional American values”? Already grumbles can be heard from both sides, but should efforts one day be made to make driving illegal — by those arguing, as Elon Musk recently did, that we “can’t have a person driving a two-ton death machine” — this debate will no doubt reach a riotous pitch. Some on the right are already equating steering wheels to guns, making it plain that they will not give them up gladly. As political battles so often do, this rhetoric contains a gendered subtext: The nanny state wants to take away our cars, but real men won’t ever give them up. A satirical essay in the National Review last year gleefully imagines a movie reel in which some “gubmint man” has to go to Elk Groin, Montana, to “tell the lads down at the garage that they can’t drive their trucks anymore.” Upon arrival, the agent cheerfully announces: “Let me give you a web address with information about the new laws, fellas, and you can see how it’s just win-win for everybody.” The “lads,” it goes without saying, are not swayed. But isn’t it win-win? Studies show that deaths are highest among young men living in rural areas and red states; Montana has the third-highest automotive-death rate in the nation; Wyoming tops the list.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is (you may have heard) not doing so well — in the polls, in the race for the presidency, possibly even in his own mind. He’s hemorrhaging support from high-profile Republicans and swing-state voters. It seems clear at this point that Trump has lost the race.
It’s an investment in the alt-right: Even if a Trump presidency never happens, his campaign has legitimized and bolstered the alt-right, the post-libertarian, anti-immigrant, “race-realist” movement with which Thiel would seem to share a great deal of common ideological ground. Thiel likes to think in historical terms, and is fond of long-game bets. Maybe this is his way of demonstrating a commitment to the alt-right wing of Trump’s supporter base — even a reward for Trump’s increasingly unhinged behavior over the last few weeks. Or, maybe more prosaically, support for a Republican now opens the door to more direct involvement in the future. Now-denied reports indicated that Thiel was in the running for a Trump Supreme Court nomination. But why stop at the bench? Trump’s shown that someone with money and a willingness to indulge Republican voters’ worst impulses can build a compelling campaign.
He’s a contrarian troll with money to burn: $1.25 million is, to pretty much everyone who is not Peter Thiel, a lot of money. To Thiel, who is worth $2.7 billion, his donation amounts to 0.046 percent of his assets. It is, as Ralph Kramden once put it, a mere bag of shells. He spent eight times that amount to put Gawker out of business via Hulk Hogan. Thiel, who is reportedly interested in harvesting the blood of the young in order to stave off the creep of death, has no problem spending his vast reserves of cash on petty and foolish causes.
It’s a harsh game, and you’ll end up a frozen corpse a lot more often than you reach safety. But each round usually unlocks an extra specialized card or two to help out for your next play-through. It’s a great subway game: good enough to suck you in, quick enough that you’ll probably finish a game before hitting your stop, and methodical enough that if you need to put it down to make a transfer or figure out how many more stops you have until you hit home, it’s not a big deal.
The mechanics for this are an admixture of solitaire and a very, very simplified version of deck-building games like Hearthstone or Dominion. Your goal is simple: Make it to the refuge, traversing various regions to get there. Each region will require some combination of food, wood, or a few survivors to traverse. You start out with some supplies and survivors, but the heart of the game is working to build up your starting deck of ten cards by either sending out survivors to gather supplies (and possibly dying in the process) or buying specialized tool cards that can generate more of what you need to make it through the frozen wastes.
You may eventually scrape up against the outer limits of what the game has to offer — Frost is good for short play sessions, but lacks the complexity needed to really sink its hooks into you for longer periods of time. But Frost’s finely drawn grimness so thoroughly conveys the sense of trudging through snow endlessly, it’ll keep you coming back — and wondering whether it may be time to replace your winter jacket for something a bit warmer.
It is pretty great. You look very, um, angelic in that picture.I’m beaming. I didn’t realize Hillary was going to stand right next to me until it happened, so I’m in full shock and awe.
So have you read any of the replies to the tweet? Of course I’ve read the replies. I have a good sense of humor, so I read them for the absurd comedy.
It’s good you see them that way. Some of them are pretty nasty, but let’s address a few of their more salient questions. Were you or were you not promised sex in exchange for your attendance?
I was not. Only pizza, which is still a pretty good incentive.
Do Drudge, Scott Baio, and the other right-wing figures uncritically reproducing this claim actually believe that Twitter user @randygdub is explicitly and publicly admitting to (more than one) federal crime? Or are they merely calling attention to it to profit off of the attention it will generate in the more credulous spheres of the internet? Trick question: It definitely happened, so it doesn’t matter.
If you’ve got several thousand dollars you’re itching to part with, there’s always this “hand-fluffed” levitating-cloud speaker with Bluetooth capabilities that also doubles as a lamp. But it does do a lot of things and looks fantastic, so we couldn’t help but send this video your way — it’s worth seeing in action.
But here’s something we all know: If it’s on Twitter, it must be true. Everything on the internet is true. Drudge knows what I’m talking about.
Pishevar became driven to vindicate his parents’ sacrifice while they could still experience it: “It scared the shit out of me — if they die and I haven’t actually succeeded, I can never forgive myself.” This urgency evolved into a honed efficiency after Pishevar’s marriage to his UC–Berkeley sweetheart ended and, in his mid-20s, he became a single father with sole custody of two young children.* As the internet took off and Pishevar started a couple of software companies back home in Maryland, he situated his office directly across from their apartment to eliminate a commute; the kids came to the office after day care, and Pishevar would hold board meetings at the apartment, where the kids would crawl between members’ legs. “What it forced me to do was try to hack time,” Pishevar says. “And then that drove a lot of what became not just my entrepreneurship but also a core thesis around a lot of my investments.”
But for Pishevar, who settled for quoting a different president at the event (Roosevelt, on “the man in the arena”), the propulsion test was a key next step in willing hyperloop into existence. As he wrote later, in a blog post: “There’s a lot of noise, hope, and hype out there about what the Hyperloop could be and will be, but this metal sled absolutely grounds the idea in much-needed reality … I had tears mixed with sand.” Most important, he told me, his parents were still alive. “For me, the fact that they saw the test and have seen the things we’re doing, that’s everything.”
One person who’s confident about the company’s prospects is the author of the Forbes article that put it on the map, Bruce Upbin, who in May joined the company as its vice-president of strategic communications.* Pishevar, who has said that he expects there to be a working passenger hyperloop, somewhere in the world, by 2021, insists that the company is stronger than ever, and he shrugs off the suit, which is ongoing, as a speed bump he doesn’t spend much time thinking about. “I think this idea is bigger than any one person, including myself, and in many ways this is a movement, and anyone that begins to feel like they’re indispensable, or that they’re bigger than the idea, doesn’t fit the culture anymore.” He mentioned famous founder schisms at other tech companies. “The people that we sometimes start our journeys with are not the people we end the journeys with.”
But Hyperloop One has departed from Musk’s original vision not just in its focus on cargo shipping. The company plans to use a modified version of existing passive magnetic-levitation technology, rather than Musk’s innovative air bearings. It plans to rely on grid power, not solar arrays. The projected cost-per-mile has gone from 6 percent to 60 percent of that of California High Speed Rail. Oh, and nobody outside the company believes a passenger hyperloop is coming to California anytime soon. Even those within the company recognize that the first hyperloop will probably be built somewhere like Dubai, with its flat terrain and wealthy autocratic government. If it does get built there, it will still raise the question: Is this the start of a new era, or just the latest ski slope in a shopping mall?
At its “Made by Google” event on October 4, Google showed it was willing to move aggressively against rivals like Amazon and even collaborators like Samsung. But there was only one company that it overtly threw shade at: Apple.
So, how’s the actual phone? There’s no doubt that Google took its basic design inspiration from the iPhone. The most common comment I got while using it was “This thing looks a lot like an iPhone.” And it’s true — while the Pixel doesn’t look exactly like Apple’s most recent model, you could easily spot one across a room and think it was an iPhone 6 or 6s: the same rounded corners, the same top and bottom bezels, the same aluminium sheen. Samsung managed to differentiate itself with its curved glass and slightly ’70s sci-fi throwback industrial design. The Pixel, designed in close concert with HTC (not known for being particularly bold in its own design), looks like dozens of other phones on the market — albeit a sleek and high-end one.
The Clinton-Trump segment will live on Snapchat Discover for the next 48 hours, which gives you plenty of time to watch it before the final debate on Wednesday night. Or, if your psyche can’t take anymore of this election, try one of these dancing-mannequin videos instead. The choice is yours.
Instead, while we get to hear the woman who has known Clinton since elementary school call the Democratic nominee “woke,” from the Trump camp we hear from Tony Schwartz, the guy who co-authored The Art of the Deal, and one of his classmates from New York Military Academy: “It helped teach him how to take a punch and how to give a punch back.” Comforting things to hear about the potential future leader of the free world.
Boy oh boy, I absolutely can’t wait to play the follow-up to 2010’s phenomenal Red Dead Redemption in the first half of 2018.
Aiming for October 17, 2007 — smack-dab in the middle of the holiday season window — Grand Theft Auto IV was delayed until April 2008. Red Dead Redemption slipped a month, from April 2010 to May of that year.
Max Payne 3 was delayed at least four times over the course of its development. According to Gamasutra, “It was previously scheduled for a late 2009 release, before being pushed back to 2010, and then again to 2011. Rockstar then revealed the game would release in March 2012.” It was released in May 2012.
If you really want to delude yourself into believing that the next Red Dead will land before Christmas next year, then go ahead. But don’t say we didn’t warn you.
The core WeFast crew are all textbook early adopters. “Ayumi is one of our more adventurous biohackers,” Woo said, introducing me to a tall woman with peroxide hair.
In anticipation of such a moment, Brandt and Woo are developing tools to help people adapt more readily to the biohacker way of life — a next step in their business plan that also happens to draw more directly on their computer-science background. They’ve built Coach, a cyberbot app that engages in conversations with users to encourage them through their fasts (“get a good night’s rest. I bet you’ll feel great tomorrow ”), soon to be available in the app store. And there’s Introspect, a mood-tracking matrix that Brandt and Woo hope will allow people to connect certain “mood states” to inputs like food and supplements. They see themselves as the Steve Jobses of nootropics, visionaries doing the work needed to streamline the user experience and help Nootrobox, as they say, scale. “Thirty years ago, when people were carting around Ataris and piecing together motherboards, I think you would have had the same kind of skepticism,” says Woo. “Reasonably so. But we’re literally addicted to our computers now. All of this experience is going to be made so seamless that it becomes mainstream. You don’t stop progress, right?”
“Wow,” Ayumi replied, pleased in a Zen sort of way. “Thank you. I love adventures.” She goes on to explain how she wouldn’t consider implanting a magnet into her finger, as some in the group have done (“I don’t think that’s really useful”), but she would theoretically like to extend her capabilities through implants as opposed to genetic manipulation. “I think becoming a cyborg is better,” she said, inserting the end of a knife into a jar of coconut oil and cleanly licking it off. Until that goal is achieved, she takes about 30 supplements a day, though not from Nootrobox (“I can buy the components on my own for less”). She believes that in a few decades’ time, this will be the norm.
Actually, never mind. This one is totally legitimate. Please proceed to comment “@[4:0]” on all of your friends’ photos. They’ll love it.
In an interview with W magazine, professional attractive person Gigi Hadid bravely admitted she’s “still learning” when it comes to walking runways. “Obviously, I’m not the best on the runway,” Hadid said. (Obviously.) This sound bite was then aggregated by your teen’s favorite entertainment and gossip source, Just Jared, into this tweet.
And then Twitter, as a collective, confirmed Hadid’s concerns about her runway prowess in a resounding chorus of “we know.”
It’s a sick burn, but sicker still is that this isn’t the first time Hadid has been taken to task by a seemingly unending string of identical @-replies. Earlier this year, British Vogue asked, “Who said that Kendall [Jenner] and Gigi [Hadid] are not ‘true supermodels’?” To which the Twitter collective also swooped in to reply with a zillion responses of “everyone.”
Sorry, Gigi. Best of luck with that whole runway thing. Hope it works out for you, and if it doesn’t, I’m sure Twitter will let you know.
WikiLeaks further claimed that “multiple US Sources” had conveyed that Secretary of State John Kerry had asked Ecuador to cut off Assange’s internet access last month while in Colombia. The State Department promptly denied the claims.
“We can confirm Ecuador cut off Assange’s internet access Saturday, 5pm GMT, shortly after publication of Clinton’s Goldman Sachs speechs,” it tweeted on Monday.
Ecuadorian president Rafael Correa endorsed Clinton over Trump a few weeks ago, though WikiLeaks hasn’t provided substantial proof that it is being choked off from the rest of the internet.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is having some connectivity issues. The leaks organization is in the midst of disseminating a cache of documents unflattering to the Democratic Party, but its internet keeps cutting out.
This article has been corrected to reflect that Bruce Upbin’s title is vice-president of strategic communications, not director of communications. It has also been corrected to show that Shervin Pishevar was divorced in his mid-20s, not his early 20s.
“You only have to buy ONE gift … and you will receive 36 in return!”
Sound familiar? This is, in broad strokes, the same way TV networks purchase shows — which isn’t terribly surprising, given social networks’ greed for television-ad money, and Snapchat’s recent push to become a one-stop entertainment shop and news source. (Snapchat’s homegrown politics show, “Good Luck America,” aired an episode featuring Hillary Clinton yesterday.) But TV networks aren’t airing shows alongside millions of hours of free, user-generated video that users find as, if not more, engaging as the professionally produced stuff.
For Snapchat, though, this is great. While this change places a cap on what publishers will be able to earn on a piece of Snapchat content, the new model opens Snapchat up to bring in some serious ad dollars in the coming months — great timing, since the company is reportedly going to announce its initial public offering in 2017.
For users, the biggest question is going to be how ads will be served on the platform going forward. As of now, users aren’t forced to watch full ads on Snapchat. When you don’t want to watch, you just tap and move past the ad after a few seconds. If the company is forcing publishers to give up their ads, is Snapchat going to force us to actually watch them, too?
Overall, it’s hard to tell what this will mean for publishers, like Hearst, that have significantly invested in Snapchat operations. On the one hand, that’s a significant revenue stream that’s suddenly been interrupted by fiat; on the other, it might be preferable to deal directly with Snapchat. The company recently relegated Discover content beneath user-generated content on the screen of the app. For publishers, this could mean getting eyes on content might become increasingly difficult, an issue that a flat licensing rate would negate.
“There are many reasons a person might support Trump,” he writes, “that do not involve racism, sexism, xenophobia or accepting sexual assault.” Yes, sure, maybe? But the fact that he is an admitted sexual predator is surely disqualifying, and Facebook and Zuckerberg have the ability to make that clear. Placing “a belief in smaller government” in the same “conventional political beliefs” category as “open racism” is surely disheartening to Muslim or Latino Facebook employees whom Trump’s statements and policies could directly affect.
In theory, crowdsourced “citizen journalism” is a good idea. After all, all it really takes to be a journalist is certain critical-thinking skills and/or access to information that other people don’t have. Gather a big enough crowd online and that is a lot of brainpower, a lot of access to information.
The costume design comes from one Chris Kiley (who was, prior to 2 million–plus views on a Facebook video, just a regular dude on the internet) and seems like it might be kind of a pain to construct. But hey! Anything to win that office costume contest, right?
Many of these accounts are small, but there are plenty of big accounts helping to tweet and retweet the hysteria. Here was one of the most noteworthy examples from last week:
Take the final weeks of this brutal presidential campaign, where there’s by now a well-established pattern: Every time WikiLeaks drops a new trove of Hillary Clinton or Democratic National Committee emails, a torrent of bullshit is uncorked. That’s because countless citizen journalists rush to pore over the documents, posting j’accuse screen-grabs ripped from context that are quickly retweeted through huge, hyperactive networks of anti-Clinton Twitter denizens.
To any working — that is to say, professional — journalist, there’s nothing here. Not because we’re trying to cover up collusion, but because this is a perfectly conventional interaction between a writer and subject. If I find out something about a subject and plan on writing about it, then it’s my professional obligation to reach out and let them know that that story is in the pipeline, to give them a chance to comment (it’s also not unusual to just give them a courtesy heads-up, especially if it’s a source or subject you have a preexisting relationship with and plan on working with more in the future).
Of course, that isn’t how things seem to work these days at all. Rather, whatever potential the concept of crowdsourced citizen journalism has is getting squandered rather spectacularly.
There are, of course, insights to be gleaned from the leaked emails, plenty of them damning for Clinton and/or the campaign and/or the DNC, and in a better world, they might be uncovered by citizen journalists. Instead, they’re being reported on by the mainstream media. In The New Republic, David Dayen explained that some of the leaks reveal important details about the question of whether future Democratic econ and finance policy will be driven by old-school, corporate-friendly wonks in the “Bob Rubin school,” or a more progressive wing of experts led by Elizabeth Warren. In the New York Times, Amy Chozick and Nicholas Confessore, two of that paper’s top political reporters, explained how the leaked Goldman Sachs transcripts likely would have hurt Clinton during her fight against Bernie Sanders’s populist insurgency. Politico published a helpful, regularly updated blog in which its reporters highlight and explain key bits from the leaks.
These are stories written by people with knowledge of what they are covering, who can explain the meaning of a given email and its broader context from a place that isn’t slick with spittle. And there’s no reason, necessarily, that citizen journalists couldn’t have done some of this work. Surely, there are other, far less famous people on Twitter who have important contributions to make to this discussion as well: retired bureaucrats and political-science professors and laid-off print journalists and anyone else with the relevant knowledge and something interesting or important to say.
And yet this sort of coverage and commentary — sane commentary, originating from a place of basic competence and knowledge and good faith — probably accounts for something like 5 percent of the total online content generated by the leaks. The rest is misunderstanding and innuendo and malicious misrepresentation, and it’s doing serious damage to democracy’s ability to function. There’s just no way to have any sort of actual conversation about anything when a very loud, very engaged minority of the population is reacting to bullshit.
I could see someone responding to these complaints with a shrug, with a This isn’t new! After all, media in the United States has been ideologically segmented for a long time. Fox News is no longer the new kid on the block. It was more than six years ago that the libertarian writer Julian Sanchez first coined the term “epistemic closure” to refer to online communities that seem to exist according to their own closed, parallel conception of reality, immune to debunking. For a long time, the fact that a big chunk of America lives in a paranoid, fearful parallel news-universe has been a problem.
But there are good reasons to think that things are much worse today than they were in even the recent past, and that we could be approaching some sort of precipice. One is the total collapse of any sort of institutional authority whatsoever. Eight years after the election of Obama jarred something permanently loose in conservatives’ collective consciousness and gave rise to the tea party, a movement that helped demonstrate the thriving American market for conspiracy-driven, racially tinged populist resentment, there is no dam to stop the flood of screaming online conservative paranoiacs. The mainstream GOP that might once have held its right wing in check is now the party of traitorous sellout cucks. Fox News — which only yesterday, it seems, was viewed by liberals as a worst-case scenario of conservative propaganda and misinformation, but which does exhibit some whiff of journalistic standards when it comes to the ethics of disseminating the gonzo-est of conspiracy theories — has been abandoned by the unhinged wing of the right for the crime of not being sufficiently enthusiastic about Making America Great Again.
Which brings us to the other reason to feel hopeless: Things are so much faster than they have ever been. Misinformation spreads within seconds of being posted and can’t be stuffed back whence it came. I’ve now seen several people post screen-grabs of some sensational false claim made on Twitter about the WikiLeaks dumps, and then a follow-up tweet correction saying, “Whoops, I misunderstood.” Inevitably, the correction gains a tiny fraction of the attention as the false claim, which ricochets around for days. Plus, when new revelations are unearthed, everyone wants to be the first to draw attention to them. There’s zero incentive to fact-check, because slip-ups are forgotten so quickly, and because the members of the community spreading these falsehoods so forcefully reject — or are unfamiliar with — the values of skepticism and fact-checking, since they already know that Hillary Clinton poses an existential threat to the American life, since they already know that she has committed treason and should maybe be executed. This is a credulous, angry, hair-trigger crowd.
The reason for this shift, in part, is that Establishment outlets and political parties can no longer control the frame of discussion: The internet and social media have given Alex Jones and Paul Joseph Watson and Breitbart and a whole host of others direct access to a huge market of the most credulous consumers imaginable, allowing them to peddle globalist progressive Syrian ACORN whatever conspiracy — a sales pitch that explicitly undermines the authority of their larger, institutional competitors (“Why won’t the mainstream media report on this?!?!”). Online, the riled-up conservative masses meet (granted, in much smaller numbers) the Monsanto paranoiacs and Jill Stein voters of the left, who are similarly unwilling to accede to Establishment notions like, you know, truth and facticity. And all of these people and outlets are happy to retweet and publish articles about every new “revelation” churned up by the dogged citizen journalists convinced we are one leaked email away from ironclad proof that the Democratic nominee is a deranged serial killer.
There might really be no way out from this. Social scientists have had a very tough time figuring out any reliable way to effectively debunk conspiracy theories, and one brutal feature of the current tire fire is that the people who are in the best position to sift myth from fact — that is, journalists and wonks with expertise — are exactly the people who are not to be trusted, because they are part of a giant conspiracy theory to undermine the people. It could all be leading us to a very dark place: What happens when the size of the population who believes in this stuff hits a critical mass? What happens when these people break off completely even from Fox News and the broader world of mainstream conservative thought?
Down in an old shipbuilding factory at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, 41 different companies are busy imagining the future. Their leaders include roboticists with Ph.D.’s from MIT, baby-faced CEOs from Long Island, and futurists with a penchant for mid-century furniture. There’s a six-foot-cubed 3-D printer on-site and all manner of advanced tools that tenants can use to execute their designs.
The official criterion for getting into New Lab, a shared workspace for forward-thinking designers, entrepreneurs, and engineers, is that you must be actively involved in creating meaningful new technologies — the next generation of “responsible enterprises.” There’s a test kitchen with fancy udon and sandwiches, and psychedelic chill-out zones with plush sofas covered in fabric culled from Swedish trains. Just the sort of workplace in which to hunker down and dream.
“We envision a future where kale, strawberries, and more can be grown at home while using 90 percent less water than traditional farming.” —Andrew Shearer, co-founder and CEO
“Our device captures an individual’s posture, feeding it in real time to a cloud-based algorithm that delivers safety insights.” —Sean Pettersen, founder and CEO
Strongarm TechnologiesTurning workers into cyborgs with exoskeleton support suits that will make them stronger — and less prone to injury.
Farmshelf (top photo)Turning your living room into a farm via advanced hydro-ponic agriculture.
LoomiaStitching actual computers into clothing.
RockPaperRobotMaking furniture that folds up and puts itself away when you don’t need it.
“One day, we might be testing printed electrodes to make EMG armbands. Then we might be sewing LEDs into fabric for futuristic costumes.” —Madison Maxey, founder
“Think what you might find on Charles Eames and Judy Jetson’s wedding registry.”—Jessica Banks, founder and CEO
“It’s often compared to the universal translator on Star Trek.” —Andrew Ochoa, CEO
Waverly LabsTranslating Spanish (or French) into English instantly via real-time in-ear buds that will eliminate all language barriers.
NanotronicsLetting you actually look deep inside the structure of anything from a smartphone to a hydrogen atom via artificially intelligent microscopes.
“We are helping to propel the fourth industrial revolution.” —Matthew Putman, co-founder and CEO
*A version of this article appears in the October 17, 2016, issue of New York Magazine.
Photographs by Bobby Doherty.
That the internet exists as it currently does — in a free, open state, ostensibly accessible to anyone — is easy to take as a law of nature. But of course it isn’t. The internet was a series of technological developments, each stacked on the others. In some cases, decisions made by a few set the course for everything to come, and there have been plenty of points in its history when regulation, privatization, industry upheaval, or a simple design choice could have led to an internet that would be unrecognizable to us today.
1995: The FCC took charge.
What would this mean? Profanity is only legal and legible from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. Websites that accept advertising from one political party must offer equal space to the other party. Given those obligations, social-media networks are austere and little used. There’s also likely no (legal) internet porn, in which case, there’s likely no advanced commercial internet at all: Online credit-card payments, streaming video, and cloud computing all got their start in porn, because the industry recognized early on the value of direct access to consumers in the privacy of their own homes. In its absence, many of the features of the internet we take for granted might not arrive until years later, if at all.
In 1995, the National Science Foundation left regulating the internet to nonprofit corpora­tions, but it could have just as easily turned it over to a different governing body, like the Federal Communications Commission.
1996: Micropayments were baked into the web long before piracy ever took off.
In February 1996, employees of CyberCash, one of the first online-payment systems of the dial-up era, suggested “a general payments system for use over the internet.” The idea was never adopted, but if it had been, we might have ended up with an internet in which submitting and processing payments was baked into the internet’s foundation, three years before Napster’s launch normalized piracy for an entire generation. In this scenario, the music industry embraces à la carte payments — charging amounts small enough that no one flinches (as we now don’t flinch when we pay for streaming services). Piracy still exists, but it doesn’t demolish the record industry’s sales, which means instead of artists’ being forced to make the majority of their money through live performances, being a full-time studio band is still viable. And with a bigger audience accessible through the internet, independent and DIY bands can hawk their wares to the masses without relying on major distributors. On the downside: Without Napster to put him on the map, Sean Parker never becomes a major player in Silicon Valley and subsequently never helps Mark Zuckerberg’s “The Facebook” get a foot in the door.
1998: Congress banned kids from the web.
In 1997, Congress attem­pted to ban porn from the internet. When the Supreme Court struck down that law, it responded by enacting a law that was almost its inverse: Rather than ban porn from the internet, why not ban kids from it? In 1998, Congress passed the Child Online Protection Act (COPA), which required sites that might distribute material that appealed to “prurient interest” to block minors’ access. The standard was so broad — it could potentially include not just tabloids and porn sites but YouTube and all social networks — a court order almost immediately enjoined the government from enforcing it. In 2009, the Supreme Court declined to hear appeals, killing it for good, and now, in 2016, Justin Bieber is one of the country’s most famous people.
Update: The October 27th date is confirmed. Apple will stream the event from their homepage at 10 a.m. PT / 1 p.m. ET.
Staying competitive is important for Apple. But for Cupertino (and for the world at large, where the Windows OS still dominates), new Apple computers are just a blip on the balance sheet.
So what can we expect on October 27? Since Apple has yet to officially confirm the date, it’s unclear. The Wall Street Journal says the MacBook Pro will have an e-ink keyboard, which, uh, sure! Why not?! We struggle to think of how that could really be helpful unless you switch between the Roman alphabet and other languages often, but fuck it. E-ink, let’s do it.More interesting will be whether some long-dormant Mac products get an update. The Mac Mini — last updated October 2014 — is pretty underpowered but makes for a great little computer to hook up to your television (especially now that you can find one for cheapish on eBay). Meanwhile, the Mac Pro that was supposed to be an answer to all those who claimed Macs were underpowered machines in pretty shells hasn’t seen an update since December of 2013. I’d place even odds we don’t hear a thing about either of these machines next week.
Per Recode, Apple is planning on rolling out a refresh of its laptop and (possibly) desktop line of computers on October 27, something it’s sorely been needing to do for years now. For instance, this was the sad state of affairs when you went to Mac Rumors’ buying guide as recently as yesterday — before news of the Apple computer refresh came through:
1991: The early internet stayed closed to commercial traffic.
But what if the NSF had kept up the ban? The simple answer: There is no mainstream internet. The NSFNET is the country’s largest network, connecting academics and researchers, but it never flowers into the place where the world does its shopping, dating, investing, and TV-watching. A well-funded company might try to build its own, separate network, but the cost of physical infra­structure means it’s unlikely to succeed. “Walled garden” dial-up services like Prodigy and CompuServe, which connect people over phone lines, linger on, but among the public there is little interest: In a world where profess­ional use of “the internet” is mostly confined to academics and research­ers, consumer computer networking is, essentially, expensive CB radio.
The National Science Foundation, whose high-speed NSFNET was the backbone of the nascent internet, began to allow commercial activity in 1991, paving the way for an internet owned by profit-seeking corporations.
Honeybee RoboticsDeveloping tiny robots to send into your bloodstream (or outer space!).
Voltaic SystemsDeveloping solar panels so small and lightweight they could be carried far off the grid.
A question about border control prompted Trump to mention the many “bad hombres” he believes are currently at large in the United States. Which then inspired everyone to make the same bad jokes about a homonymic hairstyle.
Trump spoke, as always, like a kid who forgot he had to make a book report in front of the class.
The two candidates were once again placed in front of a screen showing a copy of the Declaration of Independence. So naturally, there were tweets.
When confronted with the growing list of accusations of sexual assault and harassment being lodged against him, Trump did little to directly answer the question. Instead, he offered only a charming and very believable statement about his high level of respect for women.
Hillary, meanwhile, said more with her face than with her words.
The official reveal of the Nintendo Switch largely confirms the rumors. It’s a suped-up mobile-gaming device that also works on your TV. Its controller, known as the Joy-Con, detaches from the sides of the screen, so you can play it while it’s propped up on a built-in kickstand. It runs on “cartridges,” which is a nostalgic way of saying “solid-state memory” or “SD cards”.
But Peeping Tom Mario’s cold, dark heart is in the right place, and this morning Nintendo made good on their promise. Here’s the Nintendo Switch.
“The ‘Internet of Things’ has taken off, and we see a proliferation of devices and sensors in the most-remote locations imaginable. They all need power to operate; our role is to design custom solar systems, at the right scale, capable of surviving unattended in these conditions.” —Shayne McQuade, CEO
If you’ve spent the last three decades dreaming about the self-lacing sneakers from Back to the Future, you’re in luck. Nike has created 89 pairs of the futuristic shoes, complete with special heel sensors that can tell when your foot is inside. But good luck getting your hands on them.
We are a little less than three weeks away from the election and by now there is very little that hasn’t been said or blogged or tweeted or sky-written about Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. At this point, the election cycle is better summed up with a GIF. A very particular GIF, which you’ve probably seen at least once in the past few months online: the dumpster fire.
Mother Jones hailed the dumpster fire as the “meme of 2016.” New York Magazine’s Jonathan Chait has published several columns detailing the most recent dumpster-fire-isms of the Trump campaign. Slate went so far as to say that comparing Trump to a dumpster fire was an insult to the latter, since “fires get the job done.” Google Trends charts a significant increase in searches for the term over the last six months. (Oddly, the searches are almost entirely in the United States. Can’t imagine why.) And now, Entrepreneur’s Jason Feifer has tracked down the origin story of the flaming blue dumpster that has become the glowing symbol of our democratic system.
The dumpster itself actually has a fairly famous home, Feifer reports. It’s located behind the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California. (The Oscars are hosted annually at the Dolby.) The fire took place back in 2012, a blissful year when “bad hombres” and “grab her by the pussy” weren’t yet a part of the national lexicon. Based on Google Maps, it appears the big blue trash container is still there today.
Let’s go directly to the report:
This is an awkward thing to type, particularly as a Jewish journalist who has been targeted by anti-Semitic idiots online, but there’s a strong case to be made that the ADL’s report — and some of the subsequent coverage of it — overstates the extent of this problem on Twitter. That doesn’t mean anti-Semitism online isn’t painful and harmful, or that anti-Semitism isn’t a terrible force in the world, but it does mean that we may be systematically overestimating its Twitter severity in a way that lends significant benefit to Twitter’s small, loud subset of dedicated anti-Semitic abusers.
A few things jump out. The first is that, if this method is at all correct in categorizing anti-Semitic tweets, the average anti-Semitic Twitter user tweets just 1.5 anti-Semitic tweets in a year, and that many such tweets are one-off events. Obsessively prolific anti-Semites, then, are just a tiny minority of the total population of Twitter users spreading such hate.
More important, the ADL’s methodology for measuring how often anti-Semitic tweets are seen is pretty broken. It’s unclear exactly what the organization is saying when it writes that those 2.6 million tweets “appeared an estimated 10 billion times — which means that this language was potentially seen 10 billion times.” What is clear is that potential impressions (how many times a given tweet is delivered into users’ feeds) and actual impressions (how many times a given tweet is actually seen) should never be conflated on Twitter. In fact, the service is fairly notorious for the extent to which tweets get launched into the ether, never to be seen, let alone engaged with.
When you look at the math, there’s just no reason to think 10 billion “appearances,” whatever that metric means (I can’t say I’ve seen it before in other discussions of Twitter engagement), translates to anywhere near 10 billion actual impressions. For it to be the case that those 2.6 million tweets were viewed 10 billion times, that would mean each tweet got more than 3,800 impressions. That’s a very high number. By way of comparison, this tweet of mine from last night’s presidential debate — a time when Twitter’s audience, particularly the people I follow and am followed by, was glued to the service — got about 2,400 impressions. This one got about 3,350.
As for the journalists being attacked, it’s striking that such a high percentage of those attacks come from 1,600 accounts. This isn’t a “relatively small” cohort of Twitter users — it’s a tiny, tiny cohort. It is almost zero. And as anyone who has interacted with this crowd knows, many of them seem to run multiple accounts — the actual number of Twitter users dedicated to tormenting Jewish journalists with Auschwitz imagery is probably significantly lower than 1,600. Whatever the actual figure is, it’s a particularly hyperactive crowd skilled at projecting the illusion of greater numbers than they actually have. “Bethany Mandel, a freelance reporter who wrote critically about Trump, was also viciously harassed on Twitter,” notes the ADL report. “One user tweeted about her for 19 hours straight, and she received messages containing incendiary language about her family, and images with her face superimposed on photos of Nazi concentration camps.” Anecdotally, this rings true: The sorts of people who would tweet at someone for 19 hours straight are overrepresented in the anti-Semitic Twitter crowd.
Especially when you combine this 1,600 number with the overall low number of average anti-Semitic tweets per anti-Semitic tweeter, it becomes clear that a huge chunk of this problem is emanating from a tiny, tiny slice of the service’s users. And yet they’ve been able to launch a national conversation about online anti-Semitism. This is similar to what happened with GamerGate: Because the movement consisted of obsessive types who would tweet endlessly at their targets (including a smaller subset that would inundate these targets with rape and death threats) — and because it can be difficult to determine scale and significance on a radically flat platform like Twitter — the movement felt bigger than it really was. There were never that many GamerGaters, and there are (I would wager) far fewer openly anti-Semitic Twitter users. In both cases, we’re talking about people who are extremely good at making a lot of noise online, in spite of rather small numbers.
But while it’s always a tough sell to claim that a really awful-seeming problem is less dire than people are claiming it is, and while it’s understandable that there’s such a potent stigma against actually-ing complaints about anti-Semitism and other forms of hate speech, it’s nonetheless important to understand how big the problem really is, as opposed to how crappy it can feel to be on the receiving end of a horde of Holocaust Pepes. It does not appear, based on the ADL’s numbers, that there are all that many people interested in engaging in anti-Semitic harassment. And yet today, people are reading a Washington Post headline relaying the false claim that “in 2016, people have read anti-Semitic tweets 10 billion times, many from Trump supporters.” This is absolutely an overreaction in light of the ADL’s data.
Twitter isn’t the world, of course. There’s certainly a strong case to be made that anti-Semitism is a growing problem at the moment, in the European Union if not in the U.S. as well. It is a vicious, murderous belief system that needs to be monitored vigilantly, forever. But when it comes to our assessment of the online world, if we panic in the wake of a small group of obsessive idiots, we give them power they haven’t earned, and which they will surely abuse. They know that they have our attention, and we keep giving them more and more of it.
That brings us back to the controller, which solves a problem that fans of mobile gaming have had for a long time: Touch screens suck. Sure, they’re fine for poking and prodding menus, but they’re terrible for games that require precision, and they require the user to literally cover parts of the screen in order to play the game. Have you ever played a good first-person shooter on a phone or tablet?
Portable is an entirely different story for Nintendo. Its DS and 3DS systems have been reliably successful for the company. But the portable-gaming market that Nintendo once monopolized, starting with the Game Boy, has been completely overturned by smartphones and app stores selling games for a buck or two. The company’s ambition for the Switch is most understandable when you view it not as an underpowered box connected to your TV, but as a premium mobile experience. (Though, oddly, Nintendo is claiming it’s a home console “first and foremost.”)
It’s all very … neat, for lack of a better word. Whether it will be a success is an entirely separate question. For the past decade, Nintendo has relied on the novelty of motion-sensing control schemes on the Wii and Wii U. Both of the consoles never really lived up to their potential, though the Wii was an initial smash hit. Part of the problem was that both consoles lagged behind their Microsoft and Sony counterparts in terms of horsepower, and that made third-party support for the systems more difficult, resulting in a slow trickle of worthwhile games. For the past decade, Nintendo has been an also-ran in the home-console market.
And, well, the Switch will probably be a neat party trick, too.
What the Switch is proposing is something that there has seemed to be a market for forever, but that neither Android nor iOS has catered to on a hardware level — not just graphical power, but tactile feel as well. Portable gaming that mimics the home-console experience, right down to the controller.
As first pointed out by Jack Danger, the scroll at the top of Trump’s page is running off a static XML file. It is not showing, in any approximate way, donations as they trickle in.
The thing about tickers is that we assume that they operate in real time — stock tickers, cable-news scrolls, and the like.
Split-screen multitasking. Front-facing flash photography. Phones that burst into flames.
Is there nothing Apple won’t shamelessly steal from Android and make its own?
Per 7 News, Australian surfer Mat Jones claims he left his iPhone 7 underneath a pile of clothes in his car while at the ocean. When he came back, he found the backseat of his car completely destroyed — and a melted iPhone 7.
“Ash was just coming from inside the pants which then, once you unwrapped the pants, the phone was just melting inside of it,” Jones said to 7 News.
If you head over to the site, you’ll see the iPhone 7 is clearly better at melting down — while Samsung Galaxy Note 7s usually only had about half of the phone go up in flames, Apple’s superior craftsmanship ensured that the entire phone went up in flames.
It seems that when it comes to lithium-ion batteries discharging quickly in thermal runaway, Apple once again proves that it may not be first, but it will be best.
For a brief, wonderful moment this morning, it seemed like half the internet was down and we could all just go home. The reason? Late last night, a distributed denial-of-service attack — a common attack that floods a server with traffic so it can’t perform — hit the domain name system managed by the popular provider Dyn, disrupting user access to some of the web’s biggest sites, including Twitter, Etsy, GitHub, and Reddit.
DDoS attacks are popular hacker tactics since they require very little beyond a dedicated network of computers — which could even be seemingly innocuous, internet-connected home devices like DVRs or security cameras, commandeered by hackers. It is not known precisely who executed this particular attack. I’m not saying it was Russia, but [gestures in the direction of Russia].
Nothing on the affected sites themselves was compromised, as far as anyone can tell: The attack was directed at the DNS, the servers that take a URL typed by a user — say, www.twitter.com — and translate it into the numerical IP address where Twitter’s servers are located. (One incomplete analogy would be that someone stole an internet phone book and prevented your computer from looking up addresses.) This is not the same thing as taking the sites down directly, and meant that throughout the attack (still ongoing as of publication), the affected sites were intermittently available.
According to Dyn:
Folks, I have some bad news. “Carpool Karaoke” is bad. It’s very bad.
“Carpool Karaoke” is a menace to society. It must be stopped.
Until now, however, I have stayed (relatively) silent on this matter. I can no longer do that now that the dreaded “Carpool Karaoke” is imperiling the lives of our nation’s youth.
From his YouTube description:
According to the Daily Dot, Travis Carpenter was in the midst of a three-hour drive when he decided to flip on his dashcam and do some singing (to be clear, he was not filming on his phone and had both hands on the wheel). He started hydroplaning in the heavy rain and flipped the vehicle.
Last night, Sennheiser opened up its pop-up shop at 134 Prince Street in Soho, showing off its line of extremely luxe headphones, mics, and speakers. The space itself is cool — there’s an interesting effect when you first walk in where a tunnel slowly dampens the noise of the store around you, until you come out the other side and are suddenly hit with a wave of sound. But the highlight of the night for me was when I was ushered into a back room and got to spend nine minutes listening to Miles Davis on a set of $55,000 Orpheus HE-1 headphones.
Sennheiser’s Soho pop-up will be open through February, with a chance to listen to the Orpheus by appointment only. I highly recommend you take the time to test them out. But be warned: Nothing else you’re going to be able to buy is going to sound as good as this.
It’s hard to write about audio — you can use words like imaging or snap or attack, but they rarely convey much information to anyone except headphone dorks. So what I’ll say is this: When Miles Davis’s trumpet kicked in with that distinctive behind-the-beat casualness, I actually burst out laughing. It just sounded so goddamn good. John Coltrane’s tenor sax was clear as ever, but I could actually hear the slight buzz of the reed as he played. Cannonball Adderley’s stupendous solo was something else; this sounds like hyperbole, but it physically felt like the notes were reaching up into my head. What’s more, each of the players seemed to be in a distinct place around me — as if I stepped into Columbia’s recording studio in 1959 and got to stand in the middle of everything.
If you want a pair of these headphones, good luck. Beyond costing $55,000, they’re on a yearlong back order. But I just listened to “So What” again on the best headphones I have in my house, some Audio-Technica ATH-M40xes. I tried to listen for Paul Chambers’s fretting, for the buzz of Coltrane’s reed, Adderley’s lifting solo, or that amazing confidence of Davis’s trumpet. It was there, but diminished, thinner and less present somehow just 12 hours after I tried out the Orpheus. I had, without meaning to, suddenly become one of those audiophile snobs that I’ve loathed for so long.
When it comes to audio, I’m kind of an agnostic. I regularly use $9 Panasonic earbuds even though they sound, at best, okay-ish, because I don’t have to worry about losing them. I keep a decent set of headphones at home and a decent set at work, but I’m also a believer in diminishing returns when it comes to audio. The difference between a set of $10 headphones and $100 headphones is tremendous and can be noticed by anyone. The difference between $100 headphones and $1,000 headphones is still there, but you need a fine ear and to be listening to high-quality tracks to really detect it. And the difference between $1,000 and $10,000 headphones is undetectable to anyone who isn’t a trained musician or audio engineer.
Or at least that’s what I thought until last night, when I sat down and tried the Orpheus headphones. Everything about them screams the kind of ostentatious luxury that normally makes my skin crawl. The base is made out of the same marble used by Michelangelo to carve the statue of David — not because it’s a selling point, but because the marble has the unique acoustic qualities Sennheiser was searching for. When the unit is powered on, the knobs and tube amplifiers slowly and stately rise out of the unit, like something a James Bond villain would unveil in front of a horrified U.N. Security Council. It all was, to be frank, a little much. Then I put the headphones on.
I’ve listened to “So What” off Miles Davis’s Kind of Blue hundreds of times — it was one of my go-to study-music songs in college and still a track I listen to on a regular basis during my commute. With the Orpheus, the opening bars alone were impressive — Bill Evans’s delicate piano work was suddenly present enough that I could hear the struck piano chords vibrating, while Paul Chambers’s bass softly sounded from across the room, the scrape of his fretting ever so slightly audible for the first time I’d ever listened to the track.
The large attack causing intermittent outages across the web today highlights a crucial point of the internet structure that often goes unconsidered outside of IT circles. Often the easiest way to restrict access to a website is not to take down the website itself, but to cut off the figurative roads and junctions that connect it to end users. That often means compromising the DNS (domain name system) servers, spread throughout the world, that redirect traffic to the right location.
Let’s say you want to go to selectall.com. In brief, the process goes something like this …
So, how do you bring down a DNS server? First, you locate the server’s IP address, which shouldn’t be too tough to do, given how large a company Dyn is. Then, in today’s case, you launch a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack.
Put simply, a DDoS attack hurls so much incoming traffic at a server that the server shuts down. There are many tools that can force this, but the best-known is the LOIC, or Low Orbit Ion Cannon, an open-source network stress-testing application.
But for most large infrastructures, one person with a LOIC won’t do the trick. That’s where botnets come in. Botnets are large groups of computers infected with malware, secretly, that can then be controlled remotely. So if you get a botnet of thousands of computers, each running a LOIC, you can overwhelm a server’s bandwidth.
A growing concern is that more and more devices with internet capability are being produced, gadgets that are known as the Internet of Things. Every Nest thermostat or Wi-Fi-enabled lightbulb offers another point of intrusion that can be used for cyberattacks. This isn’t hyperbole: Last month, a website was brought down by a botnet that included more than 145,000 cameras.
If you compare Dyn’s map with the heatmap of outages in the United States, you can see an obvious correlation.
The DNS is a sort of all-encompassing directory of domain names. A domain, if you didn’t already know, is the string you type in to get to an internet destination — google.com, darkwebdrugs.onion, dabiqmagazine.edu. But computers don’t actually use that string to talk to each other. Every domain corresponds to a numerical IP address. So the DNS translates that text into numbers.
You type that URL in and hit enter. Your computer will then check its local DNS cache. If you’ve visited selectall.com before, the computer already knows the IP address to connect to and the process ends.
If not, it then asks the recursive nameserver of your internet service provider, a larger database of domains and corresponding IP addresses than the one on your computer. If your ISP doesn’t know, it asks the DNS root server, which analyzes the request for its top-level domain (e.g., .com, .net, and so on). For selectall.com, we then get sent to the .COM root server, which checks its records and directs to the domain’s nameserver, which finally gives you the IP address — the static, numerical network address where the servers hosting Select All live.
Managing this sort of domain system and making sure nameservers are globally accessible is a big industry. Large companies like Twitter pay someone else to worry about it, and Dyn is a large player in that field. Their Managed DNS service is what was hit by the DDoS attack today.
Here’s the thing about Dyn’s Anycast network: As large and stable as it almost always is, it is composed of just 18 servers around the world.
In short, focus a tsunami of data packets at one of Dyn’s dozen and a half pressure points, and you get the outages currently being experienced around the U.S. Add more and more devices that can be hijacked into the mix, and you’re providing more points of infiltration that prevent you from checking your Facebook.
More internet-connected devices means more strain on the network. Are we in danger of the entire internet collapsing under the strain? Not really — Dyn is just one DNS services provider in a sea of them. But cybersecurity experts are warning that yet-unknown entities are stress-testing the system, so there’s a good chance that we will see more incidents like today’s in the near future.
That’s changed. As ProPublica points out, Google simply changed a line in its terms of service, without much fanfare.
While this was technically an opt-in change, the opt-in was, well, not exactly clear. Users were told that opting in to allowing DoubleClick to use personal information would help with “some new features for your Google account.”
To get a brief idea of what Google already knows about you, you can head here to see a brief rundown of what you’ve done on Google lately. If you’re feeling a bit creeped out, here’s how to change it.
ProPublica has a report out today on a quiet shift in Google’s policy about how the company tracks users across the internet. Google, you see, runs the advertising network DoubleClick, by far the largest engine of revenue for the search company. When it acquired DoubleClick in 2007, Sergey Brin promised that keeping personably identifiable information away from its advertising side of the company would be the “number one priority when we contemplate new kinds of advertising products.” What this meant in practice is that the personal information Google users reveal to the service every day — emails, photos, Google searches — were kept in a separate database from the one used by DoubleClick to serve you ads. But with this change in policy, that wall is no longer in place unless you choose to opt out.
1. Go to Google’s “My Account” page and then click on “My Activity.”
2. Once there, click the link for “Activity Controls.”
3. Find the checkbox that says “Include Chrome browsing history and activity from websites and apps that use Google services.” Uncheck it.
So! Now you’re safe from the prying eyes of Google — you’ll still be served ads, but it’ll be based on more generic information like your location, assumed age, assumed demographic, and assumed income (and, of course, whatever you’re searching for at the moment).
But the problem is that Google is not the only company doing this; it’s just the largest. Facebook makes no bones about using your personally identifiable information, even when you’re not on Facebook, and Twitter does much the same. As I’ve written about before, it is possible to be completely anonymous on the internet — it’s just that the effort required is tremendous, and nearly every part of the internet that we consider, well, the internet will likely be blocked off from you.
There’s also the inherent tension between Google, the company that wants to be the world’s clearinghouse for information, and Google, the company that wants to make billions of dollars by placing advertisements in front of people who are likely to buy things. One side or the other was eventually going to have to give way. With today’s news, it seems clear who has won.
They continue:
This afternoon, Facebook announced that it is working to revamp the social network’s community guidelines in the wake of sustained criticism about their enforcement. Weeks ago, the site faced an embarrassing situation after they removed the famous Vietnam War photo widely known as Napalm Girl. Its concern stemmed from fears of violating certain, region-specific norms on child pornography, but the site quickly learned that a “one size fits all” approach doesn’t work on controversial and arguably newsworthy subject matter.
This is admirable — Facebook accepting, and taking responsibility for, the enormous power it wields. At the same time, it’s kind of worrying. This is what happens when Facebook gets to be the filter through which a vast proportion of internet users get their news and assorted media. “We’re going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy.” Was that ever … not going to be the case? “Newsworthy” is by definition a synonym for “of public interest.” That “newsworthy” posts were ever subject to removal should give pause to news organizations that rely heavily on Facebook for traffic and, subsequently, revenue. And not just news organizations: It should give pause to everyone, considering how important Facebook has become as a source of news and information for its billion users.
“Observing global standards for our community is complex. Whether an image is newsworthy or historically significant is highly subjective,” Facebook vice-presidents Joel Kaplan and Justin Osofsky wrote in a blog post today. “Images of nudity or violence that are acceptable in one part of the world may be offensive — or even illegal — in another.”
The announcement today follows a sustained internal debate at Facebook over how heavily the company should monitor and interfere on behalf of the quote-unquote Facebook community. According to The Wall Street Journal, some employees argued that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s call to ban Muslims from entering the country was hate speech. The post was flagged as hate speech and appeared to violate Facebook guidelines, but the decision was made to leave it up in an effort to be impartial during election season.
The news of Facebook’s striving for political neutrality comes on the heels of reports earlier this year that it suppressed conservative news outlets and concerns from appearing in the site’s trending topics, and Mark Zuckerberg’s defense of Trump donor and Facebook board member Peter Thiel. In the latter, Zuckerberg called for more openness to “diverse” opinions on the site.
Dogs — proof that God exists, loves us, and wants us to be happy — are not perfect. We all have flaws, and so do dogs. No dog is perfect, though many dogs come close. For some dogs, traits that we perceive as flaws are actually strengths.
Take, for instance, the tale of this golden retriever, who will lick any door. The post, from user normalgiraffes, currently has more than 93,000 notes. The seven-month-old post is currently blowing up today on Twitter, where it was reposted this week.
I hope this dog never changes.
Update, 10/23/15: Google provided this statement to both ProPublica and Select All: “Our advertising system was designed before the smartphone revolution. It offered user controls and determined ads’ relevance, but only on a per-device basis.This past June we updated our ads system, and the associated user controls,to match the way people use Google today: across many different devices.Before we launched this update, we tested it around the world with the goal of understanding how to provide users with clear choice and transparency. As a result, it is 100% optional — if users do not opt-in to these changes, their Google experience will remain unchanged. Equally important: we provided prominent user notifications about this change in easy-to-understand language as well as simple tools that let users control or delete their data. Users can access all of their account controls by visiting My Account and we’re pleased that more than a billion have done so in its first year alone.”
Today in “Things That Would Be Easier If You Did Them Without the Drone” news, please watch as some guy on YouTube attempts to change a lightbulb using a drone. The bulb in question doesn’t appear to be in a particularly high or hard-to-reach spot, so the drone appears to be used for pure novelty value. Still, it’s fairly satisfying to see that bulb finally make a connection and start to glow.
According to the video’s description, it took two drones and seven lightbulbs before the stunt was successful. (The video is currently on the front page of /r/videos and already has over 75,000 views.) I’m just wondering why nobody thought to throw down a blanket or some towels to keep the bulbs from shattering on the ground every time the drone failed to install them in the socket. But hey, hindsight, I guess!
Even if seven lightbulbs were hurt in the making of this video, it’s still better than that guy from last week who tried to shave another guy’s head using electric clippers hanging from a drone.
Pokémon Go might have briefly made the entire American population of teenagers and young adults go insane this summer, but it turns out there were some added benefits to running around town chasing pocket monsters. A new study from Microsoft Research in Redmond, Washington, found that the game was successful in getting people moving around, increasing U.S. activity levels by nearly 150 billion steps in one month.
In case you didn’t get sucked into the mania, Pokémon Go players have to walk around in order to play the game. If you don’t move around, you won’t be able to evolve your monsters or catch new ones. Using data from Bing searches and the Microsoft Band, Microsoft’s activity tracker, the team was able to figure out just who was playing the game and how much they were moving around. (The study found that about 1,420 people out of 30,000 Microsoft Band users were playing the game.)
Over the course of a month, these people tracked an average of 1,473 more steps per day, an increase of roughly 25 percent. (Activity numbers were compared to 50,000 other, randomly chosen Microsoft Band users as a control.) The study also found that the activity increase wasn’t limited to any one group like women, men, or people of certain ages or weights. I never downloaded the app, but these numbers are almost (almost) enough to make me want to start playing.
With news that AT&T has agreed to buy Time Warner for $85.4 billion, consumers across the country are facing the prospect of yet another media-conglomerate behemoth to spend hours waiting on the phone to contact. AT&T, the second-largest provider of cell-phone service and the largest U.S. pay-TV distributor in America, also provides internet service to 16.5 million Americans. Time Warner, the world’s third-largest media conglomerate, holds assets including TV channels like HBO and CNN, media properties like Game of Thrones, Harry Potter, and DC Comics, and scores of smaller channels and properties (such as pretty much every NBA game broadcast).
The deal is a reaction from both companies to a shifting media landscape. AT&T is watching its core business of mobile cell-phone service become increasingly competitive, with profits harder to come by. Time Warner, meanwhile, is watching cable subscribers become cord-cutters in record numbers.
No, you won’t need a DirecTV package to see whether Daenerys is going to make it to Westeros on Game of Thrones. Why? Restricting channels like HBO or CNN only to DirecTV would be tremendously harmful to Time Warner’s bottom line. Time Warner is in the business of creating things people want to watch, and then getting them seen by as many people as possible.
You wouldn’t need to subscribe to AT&T’s DirecTV to watch HBO — or any other Time Warner property
So, if the deal should go through, what would it mean for you?
Play the scenario out: Say all of Time Warner TV’s content were suddenly gated off only to AT&T subscribers. AT&T would gain new subscribers who had no choice whether to tune into to CNN to watch Wolf Blitzer smile distantly while wandering around The Situation Room. But Time Warner — which has already paid millions of dollars for Wolf Blitzer’s AI brain and uncanny-valley eyeballs — would lose enormous amounts in the profits to be made in additional advertising. Whatever nominal amount AT&T gained in extra subscribers would never equal the amount of money they would leave on the table by trying to gate off Time Warner’s content.
But! AT&T would maybe make it worth your while to be a subscriber if you want to watch Westworld
You wouldn’t get screwed on your cell-phone bill
There’s a concept in telecommunications called “zero rating.” What it means is that AT&T could, if it so chose, remove data caps for all content owned by Time Warner. Want to stream the latest Avengers movie? That’s owned by Disney, so if you have a monthly data limit, that’ll bump up how much data you’ve used for the month. Want to watch Batman vs. Superman: The Edge of Kissing? That’s an upcoming Time Warner film that I just made up (but really should exist), so AT&T could allow you to stream it for free, without worrying about data limits. This isn’t just a theory, by the way — AT&T is currently already doing this for its subscribers who want to watch DirectTV over their mobile-data connection.
While zero rating has been said to violate “the spirit of net neutrality,” it’s not currently against any law. That said, it’s precisely this part of the deal that has net-neutrality activists — who want to keep an internet where every site and every service gets no preferential treatment by carriers — so worried. Verizon has already hit back at AT&T’s DirecTV zero-rate deal by offering its subscribers zero-rated data for livestreaming NFL games, and T-Mobile has done its own version of the deal for YouTube, Netflix, and HBO Go.
Unlike, say, if AT&T and Verizon merged, AT&T and Time Warner do fundamentally different things. AT&T provides ways for you to access media, whether that’s a phone call, delivering cable television to your house, or providing an internet connection. Time Warner is in the business of creating stuff you want to watch. The world of mobile cell-phone plans remains extremely cutthroat — I’m still not over the heartbreaking betrayal by the “Can you hear me now” guy — and AT&T, regardless of whether it owns Time Warner, will have to remain competitive. If anything, it’s because the world of mobile data plans is so competitive that the acquisition of Time Warner makes sense for AT&T.
There’s a chance the deal would avoid any scrutiny by the FCC
AT&T has said that it believes it can avoid the deal coming under the tighter scrutiny of the FCC because it would involve no transfer of spectrum. As long as Time Warner didn’t transfer any TV stations over to AT&T, the FCC would likely not get involved. And there’s only one TV station that Time Warner owns: WPCH-TV in Atlanta. If the deal looks like it will move forward, it’s likely WPCH-TV will be sold by Time Warner.
But you may have read all this for nothing, because the deal could still get killed
A quick list of people who dislike this deal, as of Monday afternoon: both presidential candidates. Multiple consumer-advocacy groups. Wall Street (shares for both companies, as of about 2 p.m. ET, are currently down for the day). And while AT&T may argue the FCC shouldn’t get involved because no spectrum is changing hands, the FCC can still do so when it believes mergers are “against the public interest.” Plus, the Department of Justice could also get involved, and regardless, in today’s political climate, the deal would face a fair amount of scrutiny. In the end, it may not even be the FCC or the Department of Justice that shuts down the deal — when Comcast and Time Warner Cable attempted to merge in 2014, reports that the Justice Department was going to become involved were enough for Comcast to back out of the deal. The same could easily happen here, with the potential costs of the merger simply outweighing any benefits the acquisition could hold — and one or both of the companies simply deciding to walk away.
Normally with a new iOS update, it’s best to wait a few days and make sure the kinks have been worked out. But with iOS 10.1, out today, just go ahead and grab the thing as soon as possible. That’s because security researcher Marco Grassi found this security hole:
What makes this scary is that someone could use this vulnerability simply by getting you to view — not download, not install — a JPEG file (which are, of course, pretty much everywhere on the web).Per its standard practice, Apple is staying mum on which iOS versions were affected or how the hack worked in practice, but the bug has been entered into the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures database, so more information should be available soon. In the meantime, go update your iOS.As a bonus, if you have an iPhone 7 Plus, the update’ll also unlock Portrait mode — which makes it very easy to take some very nice photos.
Bloomberg is reporting that, as a result, Twitter is planning to fire 8 percent of its staff, or about 300 people. CEO Jack Dorsey eliminated the same number after taking over the company last year.
For the past couple of months, Twitter has been trying to find a buyer before announcing their third fiscal quarter results. But nobody — including rumored suitors Google, Disney, and Salesforce — showed up, and now Twitter has to prepare to go it alone for the foreseeable future.
Twitter will now release it’s Q3 results early on Thursday morning, before the market opens.
Having LED lights flashing into your eyeballs while you’re trying to sleep doesn’t really sound like it would be conducive to any kind of dreaming, but this headband does just that, and will apparently help you lucid dream. Who knew?
Remember Ken Bone? Ken who, you might be asking yourself. Ken Bone: The red-sweater-wearing star of the second presidential debate, who became an overnight meme sensation only to plummet back down to Earth after his Reddit history revealed some unsavory comments. (To his credit, Bone gave a contrite apology owning up to his internet history.) Ah, yes, you say, nodding your head, Ken Bone.
Well, Ken is back, and this time he appears to have crashed a wedding photo shoot. Bone, complete with red sweater (how many of those does he own?) was spotted last week by a college student in Washington, D.C., near the Lincoln Memorial. “The wedding party thought it was hilarious and they were all laughing and taking selfies and silly wedding pictures,” the student, Abby Fields, told the Observer. She also noted that the bride “wouldn’t stop laughing.” Okay, Ken. This all seems fine, and like you might have added a little extra joy to the bride and groom’s big day. Good job, Ken.
But, sadly, we now know this wasn’t the case. Instead, Mr. Bone was bopping around the D.C. area as part of his new partnership with Izod. (Which is the company behind Bone’s now infamous cable-knit.) The shots of Bone and the wedding party make an appearance in his new commercial, “Ken Bone’s Fifteenth Minute.” (Based on a tweet from one of the members of the wedding party, it appeared they had no idea Bone’s appearance was for an ad.)
In the ad, Bone says “it’s really important that we don’t give up on the political process” and that he’s “telling everybody at home to get out and vote.” It’s a genuine celebration of two of America’s favorite pastimes: patriotism and commercialism. Pause between the 1:13 and 1:16 minute marks to see Ken and the wedding party.
While iOS software continues to expand and grow more complex with each passing year, one part of it that has endured is Apple’s iMessage, the system that automatically uses a data signal to talk with other users in the Apple ecosystem, instead of the standard SMS message. In fact, the app’s Sneetch-style “blue bubbles vs. green bubbles” system has likely caused more than a few users to stick with their iPhones (or switch to them).
But as Apple begins to expand its offering of services, rumors are circulating with growing frequency about whether Android users will eventually get access to the system. As Apple fanboy-in-chief John Gruber wrote yesterday, Apple is considering different implementations:
It’s not out of the question for Apple to use other platforms in order to acquire new users; the iPod coming to Windows was a huge step. The key is opening up at the right moment. A long, long, long time ago — practically eons — BlackBerry had a much-coveted messaging service known as BBM (you had to exchange PINs). The company didn’t make it available on other smartphones until it was too late.
Apple’s slow creep toward platform-agnostic services isn’t entirely out of the question. Its largest service, Apple Music, launched with an Android app. As iPhone sales slow, broadening the accessibility of iMessage has the chance to keep people in Apple’s pocket even if they switch devices.
It’s almost Halloween and the world, on a whole, is getting even more frightening than usual. Creepy clowns are running amok. A creepy clown is running for president. And in case that wasn’t enough to scare you, we here at Select All would like to ruin your day with this truly horrifying video of some little raccoon hands clawing up from under a porch. (Possibly because the raccoons are hungry, but also possibly because they want to kill you. Who knows!)
Raccoons categorically are not bad. (In fact, Select All’s furry alter-ego is one.) But these raccoons, or at least their claw-covered hands, are nothing short of the devil’s playthings clearly sent here to snatch your soul. The video, which has just over 15,000 views on YouTube, comes from a user named Theodore Gifford who says he found the video freebooted on Facebook and couldn’t locate the original.
If you have any more information about this legion of undead trash diggers, please let me know. Or don’t, because I’m sure wherever this video came from is a hellscape into which I’d rather not venture.
Apple accidentally leaked at least some of the changes coming to the MacBook Pro (due to be announced October 27).
Discovered by MacRumors, the most recent update of the OS Sierra has two images of what looks like a big change to the keyboard: The top row of keys is gonna disappear, replaced by the long-rumored Magic Toolbar, a light-up OLED bar that’ll replace all those function keys and also allow users to confirm their identity with their fingerprint — the same tech we’ve seen on the last three iPhones.This confirms what many Apple fanatics have suspected for a while — developers digging through files found images of an Apple keyboard missing the top row of keys today as well.
A few other stray observations on the keyboard from the photos: It looks like the pitch (i.e., the distance between the keys) has been significantly reduced from the current version of the MacBook Pro, and the size of the keys has likely been increased as well. It’ll be interesting to see if this will make for a better-feeling keyboard — a surprisingly complex science; there were some that groused that the smaller keys on the last versions of the MacBook Pro made for slower typing.
It’s unclear what exactly the Magic Toolbar will do — you have to assume it’ll keep the same functionality of the preexisting function keys, but be able to be context-aware and shift appearance and use depending on what program you’re using (e.g., show the track name and artist, and volume control while in Spotify, or common tool shortcuts while in Photoshop). It seems likely the Toolbar will feature the same haptic feedback seen in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 to provide the sensation of clicking even if no mechanical parts are moving.
James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, said on Tuesday that the cyberattack that caused widespread outages last week was the result of a “non-state actor,” rather than a foreign power like Russia or China. Which is, uh, actually, sort of, scarier?
According to the Associated Press, early indications suggest that anonymous hackers perpetrated the DDoS attack, though information is still being gathered and combed through. The outage has been confirmed to be the work of the Mirai botnet, a program that hijacks thousands of Internet of Things devices in order to overload a server’s bandwidth. Members of a hacker group known as New World Hackers claimed responsibility, but the authenticity of the claim could not be verified.
In short, even a handful of people with a computer and an internet connection can disrupt traffic for millions of users across the country. Reassuring!
When it comes to viral media, there are few topics more successful than science. Social-media users “fucking love science.” There’s nothing better than a picturesque video of a weird animal or a snarky Neil deGrasse Tyson fact-check on Twitter. And, of course, there’s space.
That would explain why, as Mashable reveals, Facebook pages that traffic in viral chum are uploading space-station broadcasts previously archived on YouTube, presenting the footage as if it were live. Pages with meaningless names like UNILAD, Viral USA, and Interestinate are displaying what appear, at first glance, to be live footage of astronaut activity, racking up hundreds of thousands of views and interactions. In one UNILAD broadcast from this year, for instance, two cosmonauts can be seen clearly wielding the torch from the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
In reality, there is compelling evidence to suggest that the videos are uploaded and set to go live at a certain time. Facebook allows and encourages pages to use prerecorded footage as if it were live, broadcasting in the same way a network might present a taped TV show at a certain time.
Copyright law theoretically prevents Facebook publishers from uploading content that they don’t own, although NASA, as a government organization, might not be able to claim ownership of any of the footage. Facebook’s guidelines do not appear to prohibit or discourage users from presenting prerecorded footage as live.
It’s been a while since we, the internet, have had a good optical illusion to wrap our minds around. (As Select All’s Optical Illusion Correspondent, I am highly qualified to make this assessment.) But today, we’ve finally got something new to sink our teeth into: a pair of legs that may or may not be shiny.
This illusion comes courtesy of Instagrammer @leonardhoespams (who would very much like people to stop stealing the picture: “THIS IS MY FUCKING LEGS STOP TAKING TWH PICTURE AND POSTING IT TP UR MEME PAGES WITHOUT CREDITING ME LOLLILOL”). Depending on how quickly you look at them, the legs appear sparkly or shiny, like they’re covered in oil or out of a cartoon.
Let’s say you’re watching a TV show, and there’s a really good music cue for a song you love. Like, let’s say that, last night, you watched the new Black Mirror episode “San Junipero,” which takes place in 1987. At one important point, the episode starts blaring Belinda Carlisle’s “Heaven Is a Place on Earth.”
Did you see the sparkles? (If no, maybe try a mobile device. It’s possible the illusion works better on a smaller screen.) Or did you just see paint? That’s fine, too. (And I’m not just saying this because I’m bitter I never saw anything other than paint.) It’s paint. It’s definitely paint. Use context clues, people. Look at all those art supplies. All signs point to paint!
The episode ends, and you remember that good song you heard during the episode. Damn, you think, I gotta hear that song again. Obviously you are a millennial watching television on your computer, so you type the song’s name into Google and get served, at the top of the results, a link to the music video. You click it.
So now you’re on YouTube watching a music video from the ’80s that is, quite frankly, confusing. Let’s see what the comments say.
Yep, you’re not alone. Hundreds of other people watched the same episode as you, and then looked up the song on YouTube. This type of event is, unequivocally, the best thing about YouTube comments — people having a marginally common experience by visiting the same page for the same reasons in roughly the same period of time.
The player piano on Westworld, which offer old-timey covers of songs like “Black Hole Sun” and “No Surprises” is producing a similar effect.
When the video itself is the object, people will fight over it. But when the video is a way of talking about a different object, the tone is often calmer, more reconciliatory. It’s enough to just acknowledge the shared experience.
There are exceptions though, like last week, when Fox released the trailer for the next X-Men movie Logan, set to Johnny Cash’s cover of “Hurt.”
Here’s what it looks like on the trailer itself.
Here’s what it looks like on the for “Hurt” music video, where Cash fans are trying to establish their music bona fides by being into “Hurt” before it was cool. (It has not been cool since 2003.)
Is there a German word for when a music cue brings you to the same YouTube page as hundreds of other people?
This has been going on for years. Part of the reason for this YouTube swarm is that there really aren’t many good comment sections for music. SoundCloud doesn’t host canonical popular music like “Heaven Is a Place on Earth,” and Apple Music, Spotify, and Tidal don’t have comment sections underneath every song or album. This makes YouTube an outlier (though a much smaller-scale version of this happens on Last.fm as well).
Time-shifting and online streaming might soon make the collective viewing experience a thing of the past, but afterward — assuming there’s a really hot track being used — we’ll all gather beneath the music video.
It’s not even that the discussion going on here is very good! It’s not. The comments are almost always “Show X brought me here!” or “Who else watched Show X?” That’s because comment sections differ slightly in structure from forums or message boards, where the communal goal is to build a discussion. Comment sections don’t require users to interact with each other, and so you get this charming redundancy.
Here is an excellent Friday-afternoon mystery, courtesy of Reddit’s /r/whatisthisthing. Today’s mystery is brought to you by the letter J. Which stands for … nobody knows. Which is why we’re here today.
During an interview yesterday with The Wall Street Journal’s WSJDLive conference, Facebook’s chief product officer Chris Cox introduced a new app that allows users to apply artsy filters to their content. Sound familiar? It’s basically a carbon copy of Prisma, a similar app which lit up earlier this year after people discovered how fun it was to turn your selfies into Monet ripoffs. (The notable difference between the two apps is that Prisma filters are applied post-production, while Facebook’s app will work in real time.)
Facebook is calling the copycat a “style transfer” app, because it allows you to, well, transfer the styles of famous artists onto your pics and videos. (No word on an official name yet, though if they take a page from subsidiary Instagram’s let’s just copy the competition playbook, it’ll probably be something similar to “Prisma.”) Cox also did not give any information on when the filter app would be available or how it would be distributed on the platform. Earlier today, Mark Zuckerberg posted a demo of the feature on his own Facebook page using his dog, Beast, as a model. “Looking forward to getting this in your hands soon,” Zuck explained in the video’s caption.
Poor Beast. Has anybody ever asked him how he feels about constantly being turned into content? What say you, PETA?
As foretold in the New Testament, the blessed memes have finally inherited the Earth. (Or something like that, I wasn’t really paying that much attention in the eight years I spent in Catholic school.) As noted by Twitter user @Kuwaddo, memes — at least as far as Google Trend searches are concerned — have overtaken Jesus.
Congrats to Dat Boi, Primitive Sponge, Pepe the Frog, Ken Bone, and iconic duos everywhere. You did it.
If you watched Apple’s big hardware event back in September and thought — as some did — Man, I cannot wait to get me a pair of those AirPods, which are “like sex sticks that fuck your ears,” you’re going to need to be patient. According to an Apple representative, the new wireless headphones are not going to be ready to ship this month, TechCrunch reports.
From Apple, via TechCrunch:
No word on why the product (slated to retail for $159 a pair) will be delayed or when they will be ready to ship. In the meantime, you can always make your own.
When it last raised a round of funding, Snapchat was valued at $18 billion, and if it goes public, it will be the largest social-media offering since Twitter went public, nearly three years ago.
Chatter surrounding an initial public offering for Snapchat next year is ramping up, with sources telling Bloomberg that the company could be worth anywhere between $25 and $35 billion if (or more likely, when) it goes public. The company is hoping to raise $4 billion in the offering.
Not much else is known about the IPO, other than that Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been tasked with leading it. As one of the most secretive major start-ups in Silicon Valley, Snapchat (technically now known as Snap, Inc.) is allowed to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission confidentially because their revenue is less than $1 billion.
Election Day, in case Donald Trump confused you, is Tuesday, November 8. Which means, of course, that on Wednesday, November 9, we will have a new president-elect. And if that president-elect happens to be one Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. congressman turned radio host Joe Walsh says he’s grabbing his musket. Whatever that may mean.
Walsh later followed up with an explanation of his cryptic and only slightly threatening tweet, saying “It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back.” Okay, Joe. Sure.
So while we’ll have to wait a few more weeks to see what Walsh has planned for himself and his best friend Mr. Musket, in the meantime, he’s given us an excellent and easy new meme. What will you be doing on November 9?
And remember, what you write on the internet lives forever. If you say you’re going to do something, you had better be ready to make good on it. See you all on November 9. I’ll be the one grabbing a box of Mallomars and celebrating the fact that this election is finally over.
Today’s Microsoft event, held in New York City, was dominated by one thing: the Microsoft Studio, a piece of desktop hardware starting at $2,999 that’s firmly aimed at “the artists and the creators.”
Seeming slightly drained after his keynote presentation, Panay was quick to say he doesn’t see the Surface Studio and Microsoft facing headwind in finding fans among graphic designers. “I don’t feel the headwind, as much as I do the opportunity,” he says. “I think the space needs more intention.” Creators, he says, currently use disparate bits of equipment to work — a Wacom tablet, a pen, a large monitor, a CPU. The Studio is Microsoft’s attempt to bring all of those together.
Panay sees a core audience of creators — some of whom he says have already made the switch from Mac to Surface — who want to get away from all that distraction. “Let’s take this thing off their desk, let’s take this thing off their desk. Let’s give them a prized piece of product. And it’s just about you and your pixels.”
Key to all this is giving graphic designers the ability to draw directly on the screen. For years, anyone wanting precision has used a Wacom tablet, drawing on a black pad set next to their computer while watching on the screen as their pen moves get replicated. It’s a weird bit of cognitive dissonance that graphic designers have simply learned to accept. That just doesn’t exist on the Studio — draw a line, and it appears in front of you. “The idea of the pen to the screen, as these interaction models become more and more real, they’re not a convenience — they’re actually kind of a release,” says Panay.I can see his point. I’m, at best, pretty shitty at Photoshop, but using the photo-editing software on the Surface Studio with a pen and the Surface Dial (a kind of rotating hockey puck that you can use to zoom in and out, or switch pens/tools), the results were immediately noticeable. Trying to carefully select a bit of a photo to mask, normally a painstaking task, was easy. It was almost fun.
But here’s the issue. While Windows still owns the world — various versions of Windows make up almost 90 percent of the total OS market share — within the world of graphic design Apple still rules. Walk into any office where people specialize in manipulating or creating images, and you’ll see an ocean of Macs. The reasons for this vary from tradition (the earliest versions of Photoshop were released for Macintosh exclusively), to education (most universities teach graphic design on a Mac), to the snobbish appeal Apple has cultivated so carefully over the years. Led by Microsoft’s Panos Panay, the Surface line of computers has (after an extremely shaky launch) slowly emerged as one of the bigger innovators in computing hardware. The Surface Pro 3 proved that a tablet that also worked as a laptop was possible. The Surface Book, released last year and updated today, proved that a laptop can be a good convertible without also being a shitty laptop (the screen popping off the top was just a neat trick). But this pales in comparison to the what Panay and Microsoft are attempting with the Surface Studio. While it bears more than a slight resemblance to the iMac, the Surface Studio is an audacious gamble, a $2,999 28-inch touchscreen computer that you can angle upwards so it acts as a drafting board. Or put another way, it’s very expensive desktop with a very specific use case: drawing and writing on a huge (and very beautiful) screen. And it’s a computer aimed squarely at a market that has, traditionally, spurned all things PC.
Apple will roll out its new line of computers tomorrow, and along with it (probably) a new iMac. It’s highly unlikely the iMac will be a touch screen — if you want to draw directly on an image and use a Mac, you’ll either need to use an iPad Pro or something like this (very pricey) Wacom Cintiq 27QHD tablet.
Panay believes Studio’s power to let you watch your pen sketch something right on the screen will be able to lure some Apple users away. “Switching is not trivial,” says Panay. “Do I believe there’s enough value in the product to make them switch? My belief is absolutely. It’s something so innate and it makes sense — so I don’t need to relearn everything — and it does everything I need it to do. It replaces all these devices. It’s a piece of a paper and I have pen. It’s something I did when I was 12.”
Until Halloween at least, Facebook users can now cover their faces with virtual masks à la Snapchat when they use the platform’s live-video tool.
In addition, the site is reskinning their emotional-reaction buttons in honor of the spooky festivities. The Haha button is now a witch, the Wow button is a ghost, and so on.
Among the options users have are a skull, an evil queen, a pumpkin, and a witch (those last two are limited-time only). To activate them, go live in Facebook’s app and tap the magic wand in the upper-left corner, then click the mask icon below to pull up a menu. The feature is rolling out in the next few days.
Facebook began testing filters and masks in August with the Olympics after purchasing mask app MSQRD earlier this year. It’s new Halloween features are currently rolling out across the network, so you should see them soon.
You will soon need to find better reasons for doing stupid things: Nearly four years after it debuted, video-sharing social network Vine is being put on ice. Twitter announced that it would be discontinuing the Vine mobile app, which allowed users to record looping, six-second clips. The mobile app was the only way to share videos on the service.
In a blog post, Twitter writes that Vine will remain in suspended animation. The service is not shutting down its website or archive, so you’ll still be able to watch Vines, and your accounts won’t die. At least not yet.
Going forward, Vine will “be working closely with creators to make sure your questions are answered and will work hard to do this the right way.” More details will come from Twitter soon.
If you thought today’s Apple event was going to be all about MacBooks, you were right. Congrats! Tim C0ok & Co. took the stage today to talk for nearly two hours about the new MacBook Pro. They talked about its thinness! Its color. Its new touch-sensitive retina display bar on the keyboard! And then they stopped talking, just briefly, to drop a few sick beats and demonstrate the new device’s DJing capabilities. In case you missed it (or thought, I’ll just read a recap late on the World Wide Web), here’s what went down.
Twitter’s announcement yesterday that the company would be discontinuing the video-sharing app Vine may have seemed to come out of the blue, but there was at least one group of people who weren’t caught unawares: the teenagers who were once the app’s most devoted users. “It’s not surprising,” 14-year-old Sam told me when I asked what he thought about the move. “Nobody really uses it anymore.” Back in May, when The Wall Street Journal pointed out that people (and some advertisers) were leaving the app in droves, Sam was one of the few teens I spoke to who told me he and his friends still used the app. “We all love it. It’s hilarious.” the North Carolina high-schooler said back then. (What a difference a few months makes.) Now, he says he and his cohorts use other apps for entertainment. “People mainly post things on Instagram and Snapchat.”
Video-sharing app Vine — which will be discontinued in the coming weeks — was one of the strangest, dumbest, and most creative places online. But don’t take our word for it! What follows are the greatest Vines of all time, as chosen by Select All editors and colleagues. They are in no particular order, and run the full gamut of Vine — from stupidly hilarious to hilariously stupid. Long may they loop in our memory.
Apple TV now has its own app to tell you what’s on your streaming services.The company announced a new app to streamline the TV-watching process. Called simply “TV” (take this parenthetical break to laugh), the app is like a TV guide for your screens. (The app works with iPhone and iPad, in addition to Apple TV.) Users will be able to see all the available programming from their paid streaming services (like HBO Now and Hulu) and then jump directly into, say, an episode of Westworld without having to open another app. Sounds great, right? Except, uh, TV doesn’t work with Netflix.
Vine, for as short-lived as it was, bore new additions to the cultural vocabulary that will outlast us all. Never forget “on fleek,” created by Peaches Monroee two years ago to describe the next-level flawlessness of her eyebrows. (Because “on point” just didn’t do them justice.) It has since been adapted (and appropriated) for those crucial “feeling myself” moments, no matter how uncool you still sound saying it out loud. —Dee Lockett
The sole purpose of Vine was to set aside all dignity in the name of internet fame. Grown folks knew this, teens knew this, but young children? They are mere pawns in the scheme, but dammit, if they haven’t been responsible for some of the best Vines. Just look at this little star-in the-making — she slyly pretends she won’t “do it for the Vine,” but you know she will. And when she does “it,” you’ll melt forever. —DL
Whatever happened to the original “That’s My Best Friend” Vine seems to be about as much of a mystery as how Kendall Jenner and Young Thug also came to be credited for it. Still, there’s no question that rapper Toyko Vanity, in one tribute to her BFF, created an instant-classic meme beyond her own control. She even turned it into a full song and ringtone! We’ll always remember it as our best anthem for Shine Theory. —DL
WorldStarHipHop used to be the place we all went to indulge our petty tendencies, but who knew the most scathing playground fight in middle-school history would live on Vine? There is no recovering from this level of poised character assassination. RIP to all her haters. —DL
On a trip home from McDonald’s, after Vine star Lauren Lavoie executed one well-placed pump of the brakes, her sister Joanne gagged on a McFlurry spoon and emitted a guttural retch that would later become the audio centerpiece of a Vine that would reach 70 million users. The moment, the gag specifically, went onto become a favorite meme among power Vine users and was remixed countless times to great pop-cultural effect. — Kenny Wassus
The best Vines surprised you with a new spin on a classic song. The best Viners were black high school students. Therefore, this is a perfect Vine. — Sarah Caldwell
It isn’t what we say that defines us, but what we do when alone in our apartment. Korean Viner hemtube showed us how she celebrates new comfy pajamas with the help of her cat and a killer loop lifted from vaporwave artist HOME. —Byron Hulcher
After almost two years, Apple has finally refreshed its high-end MacBook Pro laptop line. Say good-bye to your function bar, and say hello to a little strip called the “touch bar.”
For whatever, tragic reason, the original Vine of Scottish teenager Trish Simmonds pretending to drive her mom’s car has been removed. But the short film loses none of its power as a YouTube that retains the full narrative arc: Trish is in the car, and then her mom tells her to get out of the car, and then Trish is sad. Poetry. — Max Read
Canadian Vine star Jus Reign wants to know: Do these guys even listen to Drake? Reign, a breakout star for videos in which he plays himself and a stern father who calls him ugly, is a master of squeezing both a joke, and its surreal unraveling, into the short six seconds Vine allows. —MR
After nearly two years, the MacBook Pro is getting an update.
The new MacBook Pro comes in 13- and 15-inch models and is available in silver and space-gray. It features an all-metal body and a brighter display, and it is the thinnest computer Apple has ever produced. (Aside from the new color option, it looks, at least from the exterior, fairly similar to its predecessor.) The biggest change is the addition of a touch-sensitive retina display, called the “touch bar,” at the top of the keyboard, in lieu of function keys.
TFW you hear Vine is getting shut down. —MR
Rest in peace, escape key: The function keys are replaced with a touch-sensitive bar at the top of the keyboard.
We all know that the sound of one rubber duck toy honking is annoying. But who knew that the sound of a whole bin is (1) more like pained moaning, and (2) completely horrifying? What really gets me is the wide-eyed frozen expressions painted on the ducks’ faces, as if they’re trying to get somebody, anybody, to help free them from this miserable, loud, rubbery existence. I wonder how long it took for this hideous flock’s moans to die out after the Viner slinked away. Pour one out for all the toy-store employees who had to deal with teens re-creating this nightmare. —Marissa Cetin
To people who’ve never fallen into a productivity hole on Vine, today’s announcement that the video-sharing app would be “discontinued” doesn’t mean much: just another once-popular social network quietly petering out. To some extent, that’s true — Vine’s biggest stars have mostly moved on to Facebook or YouTube, and many of its functions are now built into the services of its parent company, Twitter. But if you’ve always imagined Vine as a flash-in-the-pan social network populated by nonthreateningly cute teenagers making dumb jokes, you missed out on one of the internet’s weirdest and funniest spaces. To butcher a Velvet Underground myth, not a lot of people used Vine, but everyone who did went out and started a YouTube comedy channel.
And, frankly, Vine loses something when you try too hard to sell it. Many of the videos were boring, unfunny, or bad. Most Vines had no particular aspiration besides being funny, though the humor could range from pure slapstick to sophisticated meta to gross-out to intricate skits. Describing it as a space of unfettered creative genius, and then watching a popular Vine — say, the one where a chubby kid turns to the camera with plastic spoons over his eyes to say “I didn’t see you there, I was too busy, mm, blockin’ out the haters” — can produce a slight cognitive dissonance.
In a few ways, Vine resembled 4chan, or Tumblr, or any of the impenetrable online communities that create web culture before it seeps out to bigger and more mainstream services. Unless you truly committed to using Vine, it was almost incomprehensible. The videos had to communicate entire ideas while being filmed on phones, by nonprofessionals, in six seconds, which meant fast cuts, broad humor, bad sound, and lived-in settings. They were tightly compressed into an amount of time that often seemed both too long and not long enough.
But the point of Vine was never to generate the next Fellini. It was to have dumb, stupid free play on an internet increasingly hostile to that kind of freedom, whether because of surveillance or heavy-handed advertiser presence or trolls. The lack of adult supervision or corporate culture may have made it somewhat impenetrable, but it also made it feel free in a way no other social network really does. And that freedom paid off. In terms of creating phrases, ideas, and images that made it into mainstream culture — that is, memes — Vine was unparalleled. If you’ve heard, or said, or been baffled by “I was told by Apple Care!” or “on fleek” or “what are those,” you’ve encountered a Vine in the wild. Not to mention “do it for the Vine”: The service was such a phenomenon that it engendered a special type of reckless behavior.
Most important, the engines of this creativity were groups poorly served by, and often shut out from, mainstream cultural creation and consumption. Vine wasn’t just dominated by teenagers — it was dominated by teenagers of color. Especially black teens, who created a disproportionate number of popular Vines and used the social network to demonstrate wit, intelligence, creativity, and comic timing that was rarely given a spotlight elsewhere. That included dance trends like the yeet.
When Vine debuted, in 2013, it was the first mobile service to make uploading video easy, with very little friction. Instagram didn’t have video yet, nor did Twitter; YouTube was best for desktop applications; Facebook was still largely text-focused; and Snapchat was mostly a messaging service. By making it easy to produce video, Vine also made it fun. By setting a hard limit on length, Vine gave the video-making process just enough structure to sustain it.
So of course it generated stars. There are arguably no Facebook stars or Snapchat stars, but there are Vine stars — a term occasionally used pejoratively — King Bach, Victor Pope Jr., Logan Paul, Lele Pons, Amanda Cerny. Those stars eventually fled to greener pastures (green as in money), but they owe their success to Vine. But they were never, really, what made Vine special, even if they were the way knowledge of the app bubbled up into adult venues. Rather, they were coasting on an enormous foundation of boisterous adolescent and young-adult experimention and play. It’s no accident that Facebook, Instagram, and now Twitter have set their sights on frictionless, quick-playing video features. The exuberant video-centric culture that you see online today is directly attributable to Vine. We will be worse off without it.
Also rest in piece, 11-inch MacBook Air The company announced it is discontinuing the smallest computer in its family of devices. If you own one, treat it nicely. It’s now vintage.
This is probably Jeb! Bush’s most important contribution to this election, edited by Election Vine Hero Vic Berger IV from a campaign video of “Jeb[!]’s Silicon Valley Favorites,” in which Jeb! literally just names things. The *chef’s kiss* of the Vine is whatever that uncomfortable intake of breath and smile Jeb! is. Please clap! —MC
The new touch bar is engineered to let users interact with websites and apps, with features like emoji for texting, controls for music apps, QuickType, and elements for editing in Photoshop. It also lets users unlock their devices using TouchID integration on the power button in the upper-right-hand corner. (Or rather, where the power button used to be.)
The rhythmically perfect pairing of Migos’s “Ounces” and the floor routine of a person in a very elaborate unicorn costume, at what appears to be some sort of children’s assembly, makes this Vine transcendent. An added bonus are the two seated mascot types in the background at the very beginning of the clip, who play the perfect hypemen as our unicorn star begins its march into Vine infamy. — Andrew Leigh
Dongles are about to become your new best friends.
The new MacBook Pro has four USB-C ports and nothing else. USB-C isn’t backwards-compatible with the USB cables you know and love, so if you want to plug in just about anything — such as, for example, your iPhone — you’re going to need a dongle. Or four.
If you want a touch bar on your MacBook Pro, be prepared to pay for it.
In many ways, the Apple Store woman was the quintessential Vine. She is at once both hilarious in her anger, and understandable. Anyone who owns an Apple product has had to endure the Apple Store. This woman is a monument to that experience. —Brian Feldman
The 13-inch MacBook Pro will come in two models: one with the touch bar and one without. (It’s standard on the 15-inch.) The cheapest 13-inch version (read: no touch bar) will start at $1,499, while the 13-inch with touch bar will start at $1,799. The 15-inch model is priced at $2,399.
So many questions about this one, but the two I always think of are: (1) why wasn’t this released as a single, and (2) what’s up with the toilet? —BF
The brevity of Vines and the easiness of recording them made them superb for capturing moments that nobody might believe otherwise, such as the Squidward dabbing. Nobody would believe that this happened were it not for Vine, and honestly, I still kinda don’t. —BF
This is the Vine that finally made me understand the hypnotizing power of the Loop. Every time I watch it, I think, “This is it. This time, the video will continue on and we’ll see the sign hit the ground.” But the sign never hits the ground and shatters, and it never will. —BF
There are a million different things happening in this Vine. It’s like one of those hidden-image galleries in Highlights where you had to find the shoe hidden in the tree. Each time you watch it, something wrong — and yet, so right — will reveal itself. In the history of civilization, there has never been a joke funnier than dialing 911 into a microwave. —BF
As lovely and warm and funny as Vine could be, it could also be a place of unspeakable (but still, honestly, funny) violence. Shovel girl — Miranda Fugate — is fine, by the way. —MR
Me. —BF
Apple debuted new versions of the the MacBook Pro — and only the MacBook Pro — today. The event, held at Apple’s campus in Cupertino, was noticeably smaller than the massive crowd that came out September 7 for the unveiling of the iPhone 7. And the mood, at least as seen from the livestream, was muted, the applause — for things like updates to the Apple TV or the release of the Nike+ Apple Watch — not particularly raucous.
But it can’t just be blamed on the size of the crowd. It had been at least a year, and in some cases years, since there had been updates to Apple’s major computing lines. Its latest release, the no-modifying-adjective MacBook, had a lukewarm reception on its release in March 2015. So for the millions of people (like me) who spend the majority of their working day on a Mac computer, it was a chance to get a glimpse that Apple was serious about doing more than making iterative hardware and spec upgrades to its existing line. We didn’t see that.
That’s what the Touch Bar promises — a bit of the keyboard that can change. Apple did its level best to show that the Touch Bar would be useful to professionals, bringing up Susan Prescott to show off Final Cut Pro, Bradee Evans of Adobe to show off Photoshop, and Karim Morsy, CEO of music app Algoriddim, to show off music creation. They all had use cases of how Touch Bar can be useful, and some of them are compelling. Having a constant timeline of your entire project in Final Cut Pro would be helpful. Switching colors of a brush on the fly in Photoshop would be great, as would being able to edit in a full-screen mode, no toolbars in sight. And, uh, DJing on the tiny strip of the Touch Bar seems possible, at least!
But unlike a lot of other Apple innovations, I don’t think you’ll see copycats on the Touch Bar. I think it’ll be like the ThinkPad nub, a small pointing device found in the middle of the keyboard on Lenovo ThinkPads and almost nowhere else: useful in its own way, but not so useful that anyone outside of a few diehards would say it’s mandatory. Compare this to the elegance of the Surface Pro Pen stylus, with its smooth drawing action and “oh, of course” eraser function at the back, which has already seen imitators (including, of course, Apple itself).
Apple, of course, would argue otherwise. There was the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar, a Retina touchscreen (or, maybe, touch strip?) that runs along the top of the keyboard, replacing the function keys. Apple product chief Phil Schiller took the stage, and in a move reminiscent of how Apple ditched the 3.5-mm headphone port in the iPhone 7, said the function keys were a 40-year-old anachronism and it was time for something new. (Just don’t tell video editors, who regularly use the function keys.)Indeed, there could be real value in having a part of the keyboard that changes depending on context. Steve Jobs famously complained about this when comparing the iPhone to smartphones with physical keyboards, saying in 2007: “Every application wants a slightly different user interface, a slightly optimized set of buttons just for it. And what happens if you think of a great idea six months from now? You can’t run around and add a button to these things. They’re already shipped. So what do you do? It doesn’t work because the buttons and the controls can’t change.”
There are reasons that Apple doesn’t make touchscreen laptops. Apple engineers have tried it internally and found it an unsatisfying experience. Apple’s desktop OS and iOS are vastly different creatures, and reconciling them would be difficult. This is a problem Microsoft hasn’t solved, either: while Microsoft’s Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 are both real joys to use, there’s still some inherent jank in Windows 10 — an OS that was essentially designed to be used with keyboard and mouse — when you try to use it with touch alone.
But this used to be what Apple was really good at. It studied gaps in how competitors thought about their computers, their phones, their tablets, and then created hardware and software that was just plain better: elegant and blindingly obvious in retrospect. Now it mainly makes computers, phones, and tablets that are bigger or lighter or more powerful, and occasionally have new features like a Touch Bar or a touch pad with haptic feedback.
And in the meantime, it’s shrunk down its line of computers. There were no updates to the desktop iMac. The MacBook Air was basically dragged through the mud, with the strong suggestion made that users should simply upgrade to a MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar instead. The cheapest of the new Macs on sale now is now $1,499. The cheapest Mac that it seems it will continue to support for any period in the future, the 12-inch MacBook, is $1,299. (I would be willing to bet good money that we never see another update to the MacBook Air line.) All this makes financial sense: Apple makes more money off services like iCloud and Apple Music than it does selling computers. But it’s sad to see them back away from innovating in the space — and shocking to realize that it’s the formerly hidebound, deeply unhip Microsoft that is leading the charge into the future of what personal computers will be.
Tim Cook took a moment today to note that it has been 25 years since the debut of the original PowerBook, and then reeled off a list of things that Apple did first in laptops: first built-in Wi-Fi, first aluminum unibody, first all-Flash memory. All these things have become industry standard. There was nothing we saw today that will do the same.
And to revisit Jobs’s point about physical buttons: The solution he and Apple hit on wasn’t to create a small strip on the phone that would be context-aware. They made the whole phone into a touchscreen. And nothing shown on the Touch Bar today wouldn’t also be possible if Apple made a laptop screen that was also a large touchscreen. It’s hard not to compare the tiny strip of touchability added to the new MacBook Pro today to the 28 inches of touchscreen Microsoft showed off yesterday with its Surface Studio. Size doesn’t matter, but usability does, and I question how much long-term usability there’s going to be in the Touch Bar. I don’t really question that with the Surface Studio — just whether it’ll find a large-enough audience of creative professionals who will be willing to make the switch from Apple to Windows.
In 2015, a year fraught with tension toward police and issues with filming them, Vine user A-RODney King added much-needed levity when he demanded an on-duty and unexpecting officer answer for his Frankenstein-esque combat boots. “WHAT ARE THOSE?” went onto garner nearly 40 million loops, and prompted thousands of users to create their own takes of the meme. —KW
No one knows.
The beauty of this Vine is that you think this prodigious Quiznos employee is nailing it with his sign twirls and flips … that is, until the narrator swoops in with a pithy observation. It’s rough out there for a sign spinner. — Christine Nguyen
But where are Grier and Pons now? On YouTube and Instagram and Snapchat. “I think a lot of people watch similar videos on Twitter and Instagram nowadays,” Arman, 15, said. “A lot of people who got big on it moved on to YouTube and other things,” a 19-year-old New Yorker named Anna explained. Most of the people who rose to fame on the app have long since ditched the Vine label, preferring the greener pastures of larger platforms with more opportunities for cash — unlike YouTube, Vine provides no method to easily monetize your video.
“I’ve used Vine a few times before, but that was years ago when I wanted to see what the hype was,” 13-year-old Jenny said. “Barely any” of Jenny’s friends use the app today. “I think a lot of the problem was it [Vine] was saturated with people who ended up wanting a career in entertainment,” Anna added.
New MacBook Pros! Exciting stuff. A new piece of gear, new things to learn, new features to enjoy. (Can’t wait to spin dope beats with the Touch Bar!)
Today’s Businessweek article by Joshua Green and Sasha Issenberg about the inner workings of the Donald Trump campaign is fascinating for a lot of reasons. Understandably, the part of the article that’s getting passed around the most is the quote from an unnamed senior henchman of Trump’s that “We have three major voter suppression operations under way,” meaning attempts to shrink the Clinton-friendly electorate rather than expand Trump’s appeal.
What will these suppression efforts look like? One of them suggests that Trump and his staffers have been snookered by some data-science mumbo jumbo:
Issenberg, the author of The Victory Lab: The Secret Science of Winning Campaigns, is well versed in this sort of science, and “no scientific basis” is almost an understatement — if you know anything about the basics of political science or data analysis, or both, you know that the idea that a last-second burst of Facebook posts could flip any meaningful number of people from voters to nonvoters is fairly bonkers, and doubly bonkers when you’re targeting a group which has exhibited an historic amount of animus toward your candidate.
So maybe this is better understood as an attempt on the part of the data team working for Trump to use a big magazine article as an opportunity to advertise their cool, fancy-sounding technology. In a week and a half, after all, the campaign will be over, and with it paychecks from the Trump campaign — but there will still be plenty of tech-unsavvy potential clients likely to go wide-eyed at the prospect of something-something-big-data-Facebook-microtargeting-turnout.
But more broadly, and whether or not there’s anything to this miraculous-seeming technology, it’s such a strange move, 13 days before the election, to be proudly touting your attempts to suppress your opponent’s likely voters. This is what an NFL coach would call “bulletin-board material” — every swing-state Democratic operative and volunteer is now emailing the Businessweek article to everyone they know, telling them to be on the lookout for a sudden influx of strange, anti-Clinton Facebook posts.
To a certain extent, anyone expecting rational or well-thought-through behavior out of the Trump campaign has already lost. Still, after the election, it’ll be be interesting to see whether Issenberg, Green, and/or other journalists can tell the fuller story of how this approach was pitched to the Trump campaign and who decided to adopt it.
But before you get started, you’ll probably need a dongle or two. Maybe more. A whole dangle of dongles. That’s because the new MacBook Pro has four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, one 3.5-mm headphone jack (kinda a cowardly move?), and nothing else. So after you lay out at least $1,499 for that new MacBook Pro, here’re all the dongles you’ll need:
First off, you’ll want to get your iPhone connected to your MacBook Pro. So that’ll be a USB-C to Lightning Cable for $25. Easy!
Next up, you may have shelled out for a nice set of Lightning headphones. And you want to be courageous and not use that 3.5-mm headphone jack, right? Plus maybe you’d like to hook your MBP up to another monitor or play some video to a TV at some point? And you maybe have a USB 2.0 device or two you need to hook up to your computer? Not to worry! You can do all of that with the USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter, just $69. Now we’re really cooking.
You’ll also probably want to maybe sometimes charge your computer while you’re sitting far away from a wall outlet — it’s not always easy to find a charging spot at Starbucks, amirite? So you’ll want to grab an extension cord (they don’t come standard anymore with the MacBook Pro, another courageous decision out of Cupertino). Luckily, you can grab one for $19.
But wait, you may start to be running out of room for all your dongles. So, lastly, you’ll want to get a good ol’ Belkin USB-C 4-Port Mini Hub, just $49.99.
Sometimes you may find yourself in a jam without good Wi-Fi and you’ll need to hardwire in through ethernet. Also easy: Just pull out your Belkin USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter, just $34.95.
When you’re out with your friends, whether its climbing Yosemite’s peaks or just grabbing a fun bite of sushi, you’re probably taking great photography all the time, right? So you’ll want to get an SD card reader so you can offload all those photos. Heyo, you’re in luck: there’s a SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader for just $49.95.
And [puts on green visors, hits numbers on a calculator] you’re good to go for just $252.89, plus tax and shipping. You may also want to head to the Container Store to figure out some storage solutions for all those dongles.
“We all saw it coming; it’s just a bit sad now that the day is actually here,” Vine star Logan Paul, 21, told me when I asked him about the Vine shutdown. In recent months, Paul has moved away from the platform, signing deals with major brands like Pepsi and starring in an original feature film from YouTube Red. He still has over 9 million followers on the now-defunct app. The last thing he posted on Vine was a clip back in April which was essentially a promo for his appearance in an episode of Freeform TV show Stitchers. Now, he vlogs daily from YouTube instead. “Vine literally changed my life and opened up a whole new world for me,” Paul said — but that new world is larger and more mainstream platforms with vastly larger audiences.
First, it was Instagram. And then came Apple. And now Facebook joins the never-ending lists of companies hoping to have some of that Snapchat magic rub off on them. Today, Recode reports that Facebook is testing a set of animated filters for use with a new ephemeral photo and video camera for its mobile app.
That’s sad to hear about Vine, which was once synonymous with incomprehensible teen-internet idolatry, to the extent that an entire YOLO-like mantra of self-encouragement arose in its wake: “Do it for the Vine.” The app burst onto phones of teenagers and college students across the U.S. in 2013, shooting up to the top five on the Apple app-store charts, thanks largely to the fact that the app made it simple to point, shoot, and edit together video clips in a time when other platforms hadn’t made the leap into the waters of video. Twitter and Instagram had yet to introduce video features, and Snapchat was still on the rise. That the videos were only six seconds long was a feature, not a limitation — it meant there was no pressure to do anything more than fire off a goofy joke, four-line skit, or athletic stunt.
Of course, we kid — you could easily avoid buying about half this kit and be fine, as long as you snagged something like the USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter to let you plug in USB 2.0 connections and your iPhone. And I’m guessing Apple is about to spur a lot of manufacturers to adopt USB-C a lot faster than they would have otherwise, which will help the entire market. Meanwhile, enjoy that new MacBook Pro!
A new report from ProPublica highlights just how easy it is for advertisers on Facebook, the largest social network in the world, to avoid show advertisements to specified ethnicities. In some cases, doing so could violate federal fair housing and employment laws.
Huh! That sounds like race! Ah, you simpleton. It’s not. Allow Facebook’s privacy and public policy manager, Steve Satterfield, to explain:
Among the thousands of boxes that Facebook separates users into is one called “ethnic affinity,” categories of which include “African American,” “Asian American,” and “Hispanic.”
So, if you’re a white person who likes the Facebook page for BET, you might have an African-American ethnic affinity.
Whoops!
One could argue that filtering by “ethnic affinity” is no different than placing an ad in a Spanish-language newspaper. The difference is that that material is made potentially available to anyone who wants it, whereas targeted ads, as the term should indicate, are not.
The questions raised over Facebook’s ad-targeting are numerous, and they mainly concern how thoroughly Facebook has considered race and race-related legalities when designing their platform. In related news, the Trump campaign is expressly targeting black voters on Facebook with anti-Clinton ads in order to depress voter turnout.
Vine videos, perfect as they were for displaying charisma and charm in miniature, quickly gave rise to a relatively new phenomenon: the Vine Stars. Young, usually attractive, and sometimes genuinely funny people like Lele Pons and Nash Grier, who grew enormous followings from their antics on the app, were able to leverage those followings into lucrative branded deals and even genuine fame. If you don’t know what I mean, tap the nearest young person you can find and ask them. They’ll likely know Pons and Grier.
And so, within just a few years, Vine had created an entire star system — and then lost it entirely. Of course, Vine stars’ departure didn’t need to be a critical blow to the service. After all, the majority of the most famous and beloved Vines — like the video of a kid yelling “What are those?!” at a cop’s sneakers — weren’t made by the service’s biggest names, and even now teenagers are still creating wickedly funny (and wickedly stupid) videos for the service. But Vine stars brought a big audience with them, and the loss of that audience meant fewer people looking at the social network, period. The few teens who told me they still used the app regularly were only using it as a media player, and rarely, or even never, created their own. “I still use Vine a lot, ” Maryland teenager Cole said. “Probably about three times a week. I’ll watch Vines with friends if I have nothing to do.”
Sound familiar? (It should. This is basically Snapchat by another name.) The new camera is currently only available to some Facebook users in Ireland. Unlike traditional Facebook posts, the new camera will allow users to send images and videos, to specific friends, which will delete after 24 hours. “A camera button at the top of the News Feed will open the new interface and swiping to the right of the News Feed will show photo and video direct messages with friends,” Business Insider reports of the new app feature.
Nash Grier jumped from being a Viner with 12.3 million followers to starring in a feature film called The Outfield, which peaked at the number-one spot on the iTunes downloads chart last year. (Co-stars included fellow ex-Viner Cameron Dallas and Disney Channel actor Joey Bragg.) Andrew Bachelor turned 16.2 million followers into roles on shows including The Mindy Project. (At 28, the comedian and actor is one of the oldest people to find mainstream fame through Vine.) Lele Pons now has her own jewelry line. And Simone Shepherd, a Viner with more than three million followers, told The Wall Street Journal that she and many other Vine stars were moving their content over to Facebook, where the recent focus on all things video meant more eyes on their content and more opportunities to work with advertisers and brands. (Viner Jon Paul Piques was even paid a reported $116,000 by Facebook to record five Facebook Live videos between July and September of this year.) Vine was a great platform if you wanted to make a name for yourself online, but if you wanted a lucrative gig you had to be able to make the jump to a different platform. Six seconds was enough time to get you noticed, but not enough to build a sustainable career.
Meanwhile, and maybe just as important, larger social networks like Instagram (and Vine’s parent company, Twitter), had made video-sharing as easy and intuitive. Why stay on Vine when you have a chance at a bigger audience on Instagram or Snapchat? “I honestly stopped making Vines in early 2014,” Anna told me. She said when she gave up on Vine, she gravitated over to YouTube instead. “I don’t think enough emphasis was placed on the creators and how to keep them happy and engaging on the app,” Logan Paul told me. “Obviously there was competition, but I don’t think we viewed one platform as more valuable than the other until we realized that Vine wasn’t helping us much.”
The announcement follows Facebook’s introduction of live video filters earlier this week. In the spirit of Halloween, Facebook users can now cover their faces in skull, pumpkin, or witch masks and broadcast videos. Which, come to think of it, isn’t really an original idea either — Snapchat has offered a similar feature for some time now, and Chewbacca Mom has basically cornered the market on Facebook Live videos recorded from behind a mask.
Vine may never have had a chance: The simplicity of its interface and format enabled an enormous amount of creativity, but it also paralyzed; if you lengthen videos (as Instagram did) or add messaging (à la Snapchat), will you upset the delicate balance that made Vine work? It’s possible Vine could have reinvigorated itself with new features or advertising products, but we’ll never know: Twitter did very little to attract an audience, and in the months before its death, Vine slumped down to below the 200th spot on the app store, never to return to its former glory.
Update: Facebook has responded to ProPublica’s report with the following statement.
This has been a tough week here on the World Wide Web. Vine died. Apple’s new MacBook Pro was kind of a letdown. And Facebook was revealed to be maybe/definitely a little bit racist in its advertising tactics. But luckily, there is still at least one good and pure thing to come out of the digital vortex this week: a video of a very nice dog named Jolene meeting a life-sized version of her favorite toy.
In the video, Jolene is shown playing around with a normal, toy-sized Gumby — her favorite, we presume — and just generally being a good dog. Then a man dressed in a giant green Gumby suit enters the room and Jolene absolutely loses it, pawing Gumby to the ground in a fit of joy and happiness.
Thank you, Jolene. And thank you, Jolene’s Gumby-suited owner for taking one for the team. We needed you this week.
A week ago, redditor sarahafrantz posted a picture of a section of what appears to be a rug designed to teach the letters of the alphabet to small children and internet bloggers. Each letter corresponds to a clear image of a noun: A is for apple. E is for egg. D is for dinosaur. And so forth. Except for J, which appears to be a variety of incomprehensible shapes on a dark-green background.
Since the image was posted, many a redditor has offered their take on the carpet square, but still, no consensus has been reached. Here are some of the best guesses:
J is for janitor.
“It’s a broom. The janitor is cleaning up. (and the drop-like things are motion lines. Badly done, but motion lines to indicate sweeping back and forth.)”
J is for jump.
“Someone thought it was maybe an aerial jumping photo and we are seeing their feet mid jump. But that seems too advanced for a child.”
J is for junk.
“Yeah, I’m on Team Junk. It’s clear from the whole quilt that every other block is a noun, not a verb, and that the noun in question is entirely depicted. So, ‘jump’ would be very out of place.”
J is for juniper-tree branch.
“I believe it’s a Juniper tree branch. I’d say Chinese Juniper, if you want to get specific. This also makes sense for purchasing it in South East Asia, because many Bonsai trees are made from Chinese Juniper trees.”
At this point I’m starting to think J is for Just go with it, dude. J is whatever you want it to be! Labels are for squares! If you have any idea what this monstrosity actually is, please sound off in the comments or slide into my Twitter DMs so I will finally be able to get some sleep and stop thinking about this dumb letter.
I, for one, am baffled. The pink and purple blobs at the top appear, to me at least, like the hooves of a cartoon sheep. But there are also purple raindrops, a brown and black blob that looks like the kind of hand broom you keep under your kitchen sink, and a set of pale green mountain peaks along the bottom of edge of the square.
In the mythos of Steve Jobs, there’re a couple of big moments. One of them is his taking the stage at the World Wide Developer’s Conference in 1997, a meet-up of Apple devs that usually veers toward the code-crunchy side of Apple, and simply taking questions for an hour. It was Jobs unfiltered, before the carefully controlled keynote presentations: sarcastic, angry, petty, but brilliant. Here’s a (very grainy, very 1997) YouTube clip from the event.
Jobs, newly reinstated at the company, had, in his own words “put a bullet in the head” of it. His reasoning? “Apple suffered for several years from lousy engineering management,” he says. “People think focus means saying yes to the thing you’ve got to focus on. But that’s not what it means at all. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are.”
The whole speech is impressive in how much it lays out almost exactly what Jobs and Apple would do over the next ten years, leading up to releasing the iPhone, and, eventually, overtaking Microsoft as the most valuable tech company in the world. The Mac OS would become simplified, leading up to OS X. Bright colors (and later aluminium unibodies) would make computers not just tools but objects to admire on their own. And Apple would take great pains to cement what it meant to be an Apple user.
Apple went after this creative-class market share for two reasons: One, creative professionals, for better or worse, are more influential in culture and society than, say, CPAs. Two, creative professionals are also a highly lucrative market, willing to pay the higher margins Apple puts on its relatively underpowered machines for a more aesthetically pleasing product, both inside and out.
The Mac had always been popular with professionals who worked in graphic design, thanks to its being the first to bring together a graphical user interface in a way that made intuitive sense, and Apple’s working with companies to develop software for creative professionals: the whole Adobe suite of products from Photoshop to InDesign, or video-editing software like Final Cut Pro. But in the ten years following Jobs’s return as CEO, Apple would cement itself as the laptop of choice for people who made their living in creative fields, period. For anyone you could fuzzily describe as belonging to the (ugh) “creative class,” the Mac was king — even for people like, well, me: writers who really only needed a working web browser and a some sort of word-processing program. Macs were for laying out visions and taking what’s inside your head and substantiating it in the real world; Windows machines were for filling out spreadsheets, and also, uh, filling out spreadsheets. Apple was an underdog company built for the artist, Microsoft a beige behemoth built for the cubicle, crushing any competition it could find.
Skip to 2:30 to see Jobs take the stage, but the key moment comes around 4:30 in, when a developer asks about the status of OpenDoc, an ambitious and beloved way of standardizing a lot of moving parts within the Macintosh ecosystem.
Watching them now, the ads have aged incredibly poorly. Perhaps it’s just because I’m older, but Long is a little too smarmy Road Runner to Hodgman’s Wile E. Coyote.
It did this through marketing — Apple remains obsessed with image and perception. Its “1984” ad is iconic. Fighting to regain market share from Windows, its “Switch” ads in the the early ’00s were amusingly effective. But there were no ads that so directly drew a comparison between the Mac user and the Windows user than the “Get a Mac” ads that ran from 2006 to 2009. You know the ones. Justin Long, looking like he’s about to head out to a Wolf Parade show, rattles off the capabilities of being a Mac. John Hodgman, besuited and politely prim, is the eternally beleaguered PC.
But it’s not just the slightly out-of-date fashion or the smugness that makes the ads seem weird. It’s the last two days, which saw first Microsoft and then Apple roll out their new lineups of personal computers. I found Microsoft’s Surface Studio intriguing as hell — bold and different and unlike any other desktop PC out there. I found the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar to be a more powerful and lighter version of the same thing I’m typing on right now, except now there’s a slightly goofy strip of touch screen added to the top row, where I could theoretically type out some emoji or something.
In this light, those “Get a Mac” ads don’t just seem dated and self-satisfied. They make you wonder about who exactly these characters are. Hodgman, nerdy or not, seems to actually be doing things, doing a job. Long, smiling, in an unzipped hoodie, seems like a rich college kid who might claim to have made a short film, but when you took a look on his MacBook Pro you’d just find, well, nothing.
More to the point, Microsoft and its Surface brand of computers are aggressively targeting creative professionals by offering them something new and different: the ability to interact with their entire screen the same way they would a piece of paper. They’re willing to make new devices like the Surface Dial and see whether customers respond. The first Surface computer was a disaster — a fuck-up that cost Microsoft nearly $900 million. (The Lisa, Apple’s first computer with a graphical user interface, was a similar failure.) They kept at it, and now the Surface line represents the leading edge of what computers can look like and do. And Microsoft now wants those premium customers, those graphic designers and video editors and illustrators, to come along with them. Much like Apple in 1997, it’s entirely possible this effort will fail. (Unlike Apple in 1997, this would not destroy the company.) But Microsoft, using that total control of hardware and software that Apple proved could be so potent, is taking chances.Apple now sits on over a half trillion dollars in market capitalization. The iPhone is the undisputed king of phones, the iPad still at the top of the heap when it comes to tablets, and a walk through any office or coffee shop will show you that Apple still firmly controls that demographic of professionals who might say “Daydreaming is actually part of my job, you know?” Apple as a company doesn’t even really need computers anymore — they make five times as much money from their phones as they do their computers. This may explain its odd complacency, so similar to Microsoft in the late ’90s, when its OS and software and web browser happily sat on top of the world, churning out money. It might explain why Apple would fail to update its desktop computer, vital to any actual creative professional who needs as much processing power as possible at the sacrifice of portability. Why, instead of offering a risky but innovative new way of interacting with their computers, they gave up a row of keys its head of product declared “didn’t matter” and replaced it with a thin strip of touch screen with dubious usability. (Watch the Apple keynote yesterday, and you’ll notice that even Apple’s own employees, demo-ing their own devices, seem to struggle with using the Touch Bar.) Apple’s laptop line seems adrift, without focus. It seems incapable of saying no to a hundred things and saying yes to one exciting thing. Apple still remains incredibly good at industrial design and manufacturing; its products at every level where they touch the consumer are still best-in-class. The Surface Pro 4 is a very interesting computer, but the MacBook Pro I’m typing on still just feels better in dozens of tiny ways.
But there’s a real sense of a company that’s coasting when it comes to computers. I have no doubt there is feverish action around next year’s iPhone, which will mark the tenth anniversary of one of the few pieces of consumer tech that you can legitimately say changed the world. I don’t get the same sense of urgency around a new iMac desktop, or figuring out how to keep someone who lives their life in Photoshop a satisfied customer. And the lesson of Microsoft in the 2000s should be instructive here: Complacency and taking the customer for granted can cost you.
Happy almost Halloween!
A good, old-fashioned chocolate-dipped gag.
All you need for this one is chocolate, raw Brussels sprouts, and some patience. Melt the chocolate, dip the sprouts, and disseminate to unsuspecting party guests or trick-or-treaters. If you really want to take things up a notch, consider wrapping each in gold foil to heighten the effect.
A simple craft to scare the crap out of someone you hate.
This prank is simple, yet effective. If you’re feeling inspired, @PinkMiruku has kindly provided the cropped version of the woman and her hand here, so just print, cut, and position to your liking. Then wait for the screams. (Bonus points if you set up a camera, film your frightened friend, and then go viral on the World Wide Web.)
A truly 2016 way to spook some folks.
This one is only good if you own a drone. If you don’t, I guess you could always purchase one solely for the purpose of hanging a Halloween decoration off of it and flying your new drone through your neighborhood to scare small children. But that sounds like a lot of effort. Maybe find somebody who already owns a drone and team up.
In case you’ve forgotten, the real point of everyone’s favorite spooky holiday is to come up with a punny Twitter handle for the month of October … and also to scare the daylights out of your friends and enemies. (If you thought the point was costumes, candy, and getting beer drunk in a Brooklyn warehouse, you’d be mistaken.) To help inspire your mischief, here are three of the best pranks of October 2016, courtesy of some true geniuses on Twitter.
Halloween is a time for spooky things. Skeletons, bats, ghosts, Lich Kings, vampires, succubi, sarlaccs, sexy Abe Lincolns. But none of those things are scarier than [turns flashlight on below chin] [spooky voice] social anxiety! Such as that which accompanies overdressing for a Halloween party.
Dippold was kind enough to tell us more about her hair-raising experience.
“I kind of want to just stop tweeting because I feel like that tweet just shows my soul,” Dippold says with a laugh. “There’s no reason for me to ever write anything, just like, if you want to learn about me, just look at that photo and that’s it, there’s nothing else to say.”
So comedy writer Katie Dippold discovered when she showed up for a party in full-Babadook getup. She shared her harrowing experience on Twitter earlier this year. It quickly went viral.
What year was this?This was last year, last Halloween. I was a 35-year-old woman.
And what gave you the impression that this event was a costume party?I knew it was going to be casual. I know most of my friends are more-grown adults. But I still thought there would be a few people dressed up. My friend Neil Casey, he said he was going in costume. But then his costume was just Paulie from The Sopranos so it was really just him wearing a warm-up suit. So there was some expectation that I wouldn’t be completely on my own.
How long did it take to get ready?I spent some time looking for the hat. I went to a Goodwill and found a men’s black coat, a peacoat, I guess it’s called. And then I went to this Halloween store and got the hat and the wig. And then I got the face paint and stuff. Not body paint — imagine if I’d painted my whole body for no reason. And so then, it probably only took like a half-hour to put the stuff on my face and get dressed up.
So you walk into your friend’s house, and were you like the first to arrive or did you notice that no one else was in costume?No, they were all just sitting inside watching a movie. And so I did grok that no one else was dressed up. But I was still very excited at the opportunity to frighten them. So that’s when I stared in the window until they noticed. And I did scare them very much. Then I just went inside. That was all fun and very exciting at first, but then when it came down to just sitting down and having a glass of wine and watching an entire movie, then it felt different.
What made you want to be the Babadook?I just love that movie and I like going scary with my Halloween costumes. I’ve kind of gone in that direction my whole life; I’ve never been into the sexy-costume thing. I like being in a scary costume so I can also use the time to try and scare friends and loved ones. And so when I first got dressed up in it, I went outside and stared inside the window at my boyfriend watching TV until he noticed. And then he reacted; he had a strong reaction to that. Then we just went to my friend’s house, who was just having people over, and again I waited outside the window until they noticed and then I just sat down.
Did that happen throughout the night?Yes. I did use the time wisely when I was sitting there full-out, when I heard my friend Joe was coming, I then went back outside and waited for him to walk up. And I waited for like a good 30 minutes. But at a certain point, after waiting for so long, the joke was on me. So I don’t really know who’s the winner in that story.
Did your friends, for lack of a better word, give you shit about it?My friend Jessie Henderson took the photo. We went in the kitchen to talk and I got a glass of wine. And also because of that, I had terrible red-wine teeth. With the white face makeup, it looked really horrendous. We were talking and I was trying to tell her something, telling her a story, and she’s like, “I’m so sorry, I cannot have a conversation with you right now.” Like, I kept forgetting what I looked like, but no one else could.
Do you have any regrets about it?No, never. I’m really stressed out because I wanted to really go for it this year too. My plan was to be the clown from It. My boyfriend’s sister-in-law suggested it and I really thought that was the way to heighten it. But now with all the stuff going on with clowns, this seems like it would be a very bad time for that. So I’m at a loss right now.
Do you have a backup plan?No, I’m really scrambling. I really don’t, I’m freaking out honestly.
Happy Halloween. Did you have a spooky and festivity-filled weekend? I hope so. If you did wander out into the world of parties, I hope you dressed as a meme, because there is truly no better way to spend your evening than by having to explain your costume to anybody over the age of 40. (Shout-out to the woman I met in a bar in Brooklyn who dressed as a glittery ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ and kindly put down her drink and raised her palms skyward every time somebody scrunched up their nose and said, “Hmmm, what are you supposed to be?”)
We’ve rounded up so of our favorite meme costumes thus far and will be updating this post throughout the day. (If you think your meme costume is worthy, feel free to drop me an email at madison.kircher@nymag.com or sound off in the the comments.)
And so, without further ado, here’s the best of Hallowmeme 2016.
Life-size Gumby Meeting Jolene the Dog
Did you see that video of very good dog Jolene meeting a full-size version of her favorite chew toy last week? (No? Watch it here. It is heartwarming.) This costume gets bonus points for being extremely topical, though as with many a meme, I’m sure it was difficult to explain at parties.
Here Come Dat Boi
An A+ costume idea for all you unicycle and meme enthusiasts out there. (If you’re unfamiliar with this meme, the only appropriate way to greet somebody dressed as Dat Boi is by loudly shouting, “Here come Dat Boi!” To which your friend should reply, “Oh shit Waddup!” Congrats, you’ve just done a meme.)
Arthur’s Fist
Pepe the Frog
That other frog meme that dominated 2016. (#SavePepe)
A great costume for anybody who owns a yellow sweater and already wears glasses. As an added perk, if you’re camera-shy, you really need only photograph your fist anyway!
Snapchat Filter
Extra credit here for choosing one of the less popular and frequent Snapchat filters. (Looking at you here, every single person and their mother who went as the dog filter.)
Babadook Redux
A throwback to one of the most perfect tweets of all time.
The Shitty 20th Century Fox Flute
There is nothing to say here other than this is a flawless costume which I’m sure landed with an approximate two people at whatever event this dude went to. (If you’re unfamiliar, watch the original here.)
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.
A puppy surrounded by two large snails. A bunch of spaghetti placed directly onto the glass of a photocopier. A man holding two hot dogs and crying as a dog’s eyes glow in the background. Web detritus? Creepy, “cursed” images? Both?
This is an appealing idea — that there is something inherent to the subjects of the photographs that makes them “cursed” — but it doesn’t quite hold up to scrutiny. Take, for instance, @cursedimages’s interpretation of this photo, which they claim shows a lake with the “feeling” of “a kid diving too deep and never coming back up or someone seeing an unrecognizable creature swimming down with them in the depths.”
I don’t know. When I look at that photograph I just see a bunch of people going for a swim.
What makes an image “cursed”? “Cursed images, to me, leave you with a general uneasy feeling,” the account’s anonymous author told Gizmodo. “There could be certain qualities, like someone looking directly at the camera or an orb floating in the background.”
Recently, a Twitter account called @cursedimages has garnered some media attention — including write-ups in Gizmodo and The New Yorker. The gimmick of the account is simple: It posts unattributed photos and labels each one a “cursed image.” “Cursed image 3920” is a photo of a fiberglass-cow TV showing a news report about Saddam Hussein. “Cursed image 31” shows four boys around a computer.
I don’t mean to be a spoilsport and ruin everyone’s spooky fun: The power of suggestion is real, and @CursedImages’ refusal to contextualize any of its images provides ample space for the imagination to run wild. But I wonder if there’s something else, besides the format, besides the subjects of the photos, that makes the account (and the images) so jarring to so many people.
The cursed-image shtick has struck a chord on Twitter — the account has 101,000 followers — but it’s familiar to a lot of people as a long-running Tumblr joke: If you see a curious photo, you caption it “cursed image.” That’s it. Doug Battenhausen, an amateur archivist and the mind behind Internet History, a Tumblr of found photos that are interesting precisely because of their uninterestingness, told me, “If you were paying attention to Tumblr three years ago, a lot of [the photos on @cursedimages] would pop up,” he told me.
With the slow death of sites like Webshots, photos that reflected the world as it was are vanishing. Now, smartphone cameras have sharper images, and Instagram filters can make anything look appealing. Now, said Battenhausen, “Everybody knows that your internet life is so curated and monitored by everyone you know, and even strangers too, that you don’t want to come off looking silly.”
I asked Battenhausen what the appeal of these found photos are. “It’s a lot of things,” he explained. “It’s the mystery of the photo, it’s the strange aesthetics of them, it’s seeing a place that you’ve never seen before, or an intimate glimpse into somebody’s life.” A lot of the photos on his blog are, or were, harvested from places like Flickr, and Photobucket, and the defunct Webshots. Relics from early Web 2.0, when uploading hundreds of publicly accessible photos taken with a point-and-shoot wasn’t a big deal. These sites were more for archival purposes than performative ones.
In some sense, “cursed” images are just old. The account @uncursedimages supplies sourcing for each of the photos, and for the most part, the actual origins are mundane. Take, for instance, a toilet filled with frogs. The actual culprit was flooding in Australia, and Reddit discussion on the pic is mostly about how much water damage the house endured. It’s funny, it’s curious, it’s odd. But it’s hardly “cursed.” And so it goes for nearly every image in the feed.
To that end, cursed images draw their power not from the actual objects pictured, but from the fact that photos like these are bygone products of antiquated technology. Millennials hardly use point-and-shoot cameras anymore, ones with blaring flashbulbs and obsolete sensors. Time stamps in bright orange or yellow text no longer adorn the corners of our shots. When people post photos on Facebook and Google now, the sites subtly tweak and enhance their colors, giving everything more “pop,” but less individuality.
This leaves old digital photos in an odd space — not old enough to scan as “vintage,” but not well-manicured enough to be recognizable as contemporary. When you see a film photo, you can tell its age. The effect is comforting. But digital photos from 2002 exist in an uncanny valley — lower in visual fidelity, and lacking a film grain to explain the reason for it. When everything is now airbrushed, and Facetuned, and dog-filtered, it’s no surprise that the impulse upon seeing a “cursed” image is to call it, well, cursed. But they’re really just relics of a bygone period of time, one that’s more recent than we remember.
To insist that these images are “cursed” because their subjects create an “uneasy” feeling misses the point. If they seem odd or jarring, it’s not because of anything inherent to them — they’re just photos of people living their lives — it’s because they’re images taken from the last cultural moment when photography was meant to faithfully record events, not elaborately perform them.
Da Share Zone
Skeleton business in the front, internet party in the back.
If you’ve been on Facebook today, you might have noticed a large number of your friends have seemingly decided to travel to North Dakota on this fine Halloween day, checking in at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, where protesters are currently resisting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline on sacred Sioux land. Except, chances are good most of your friends aren’t where their Facebook would lead you to believe. Instead, checking in at Standing Rock seems to be the latest viral copy-and-paste Facebook status to take over the World Wide Web.
Another variant on the status instructs people to post twice, once publicly checking in at the protest site and a second time — this one limited to only friends — to let them know what you’re really up to in an attempt to further confuse the police. (A number of them are being shared with the “DO NOT SHARE, COPY AND PASTE THIS” warning, a hallmark of chain hoaxes and copypasta.)
The Morton County Sheriff’s Department denies the Facebook status claims entirely. “The Morton County Sheriff’s Department is not monitoring Facebook check-ins for the protest camp or any location for that matter,” spokeswoman Donnell Hushka told Select All via email. “These rumors/claims are completely false.”
Even if you don’t believe the sheriff, it’s worth considering exactly what the Facebook status is claiming. What would be the point of the cops monitoring Facebook to see voluntary check-ins? Anyone who wants to avoid the sheriff simply wouldn’t check in on Facebook. Plus: The Sheriff’s Department already knows exactly where the protesters are located.
Alternatively, you could also go to North Dakota and do work on the ground. Make sure to check in on Facebook when you arrive.
Near the end of his stultifying speech at the National Press Club this morning, Facebook billionaire Peter Thiel cribbed an argument first made by The Atlantic (and enthusiastically deployed by the Trump campaign itself): The media takes Donald Trump literally, but not seriously, while Trump supporters — including Thiel himself — take the Republican presidential candidate seriously, but not literally.
The problem may be that the media is taking Thiel seriously without taking him literally. That is: His support for Trump isn’t a down payment on the alt-right or a long-shot bet on political favors. Thiel doesn’t support Trump because he’s a super-genius who can see deep into the future. He supports Trump for exactly the reasons he keeps telling us: because he’s a crank who doesn’t have a very deep understanding of politics.
Take Thiel’s recent pledge of more than a million dollars to the Trump cause, announced just after the Access Hollywood tape that definitively cast Trump as a sexual predator. “I didn’t think about the donation as much as I should have,” Thiel admitted, having earlier admitted that “the tape was in extremely poor taste, extremely inappropriate.”
Moments later, when addressing the lawsuit he funded that led to Gawker Media’s bankruptcy, Thiel described former editor A.J. Daulerio as an “aspiring child pornographer” — a reference to an ill-advised but nonetheless wholly sarcastic remark Daulerio had made during a deposition. Presidential candidates are not to be taken literally. But bloggers are.
But every speaking engagement Thiel has taken over the past few months, and every interview he’s given (all exclusively to the New York Times), has revealed that Thiel — much like the rest of Silicon Valley — loves speaking in broad platitudes and few specifics. His analysis, of the election and the problems facing the country, is no more sophisticated than any other Trump supporter or political reporter: He subscribes to the general idea that politics is broken and only an outsider can fix it. “We’re voting for Trump because we judge the leadership of our country to have failed,” Thiel said, aligning himself with the 40 percent or so that support the GOP candidate and positioning himself, as he often does, as a perpetual outsider.
It’s odd: Regardless of whether they view him as a benevolent futurist or scheming magnate, most people, it seems, perceive Peter Thiel as very, very smart. It’s this assumption of intelligence, along with the sheer iconoclasm of the stance, that’s made Thiel’s support for Trump fascinating to journalists and tech observers: Surely he has a sophisticated and convincing argument for supporting the silliest and most incoherent presidential candidate in living memory.
This was about the level of analysis we’ve been treated to throughout Thiel’s intermittent appearances in the press, most recently during today’s remarks and the toothless Q&A that followed: conventional arguments borrowed from elsewhere, deployed crudely, and abandoned when no longer useful. Over the weekend, speaking to the New York Times of Hillary Clinton’s likely presidency, Thiel said, “There will be an important role for me and others to somehow play in speaking truth to power,” neglecting to acknowledge that he just forced one of those “others” — one of the first sites to report on Clinton’s use of a private email account — into bankruptcy.
He has a similarly shallow read on his own funding of the Gawker lawsuit — one that betrays his claims about sticking up for the common citizen: “If you’re a single-digit millionaire like Hulk Hogan, you have no effective access to our legal system.” (During the Q&A session he insisted he’s “been involved in [funding] the Gawker case, nothing else”; in May, when Thiel revealed himself as Hulk Hogan’s benefactor, he told the New York Times that, regarding litigation financing, “It’s safe to say this is not the only one.”)
The Thiel perspective was laid bare right at the very end of his appearance, when he baldly noted, “I always have a somewhat schizophrenic view of politics,” that it is both a nasty business and an important one. “I’ll occasionally get involved, but don’t want to make it a full-time thing.” That’s the Thiel stance: He’ll show up when he feels like it. He’ll talk openly and honestly about the issues facing America, but not with the National Press Club, where journalists weren’t allowed to leave the room until Thiel had left the building. He’ll speak truth to power, unless it inconveniences him. And he’ll stay a powerful and influential figure in Silicon Valley. And as long as the media keeps taking him seriously and not literally — as a genius with an eccentric worldview and not as an eccentric without much to contribute — he’ll get away with it, too.
Last week, seemingly overnight, Twitter announced it would be shuttering Vine, the six-second-video app it acquired in 2012. But as it turns out, the app’s downfall was a long time coming, despite Vine’s best attempts to stop it. In the fall of 2015, 18 of the world’s most famous Vine stars met with top Vine representatives in an attempt to find a way to salvage the app. Their plan, as first reported by Mic, was a flat rate of $1.2 million paid to each Viner in exchange for a guaranteed 12 Vines a month. (In its final months, posts from the app’s most followed users all but stopped entirely as Viners moved to platforms like YouTube and Snapchat.) The Viners asked the representatives for “several product changes and [to] open up a more direct line of communication,” Mic also reports. Vine didn’t bite. “At that point, we knew Vine was dead,” one Vine star said at the meeting, according to Mic.
Sure, these were Vine’s power players with millions of followers and billions of views collectively. There’s no question, had they continued to post content regularly, people, lots of them, would have watched. But Vine also had a problem with getting everyday users, the ones not angling for million-dollar payouts and social-media careers. Last week, I talked to several teens to get a temperature read on Vine’s sudden shutdown. Every single person I spoke with told me they had given up on creating their own Vines (if they ever had at all). Even with those guaranteed Vines from the app’s stars, a huge part of what made Vine great was the organic content from everyday people. (Peaches Monroee’s “Eyebrows on Fleek.” The kid with plastic spoons a.k.a. “hater blockers” on his face. “What are thooooose?!”) Silly, incredible, content with a high return value — loops and user engagement — that cost Vine nothing to create. Without that, it’s not likely the app would have made it anyway, 21 committed stars or not.
Now, a year later, the app is actually dead. But the question is whether or not paying out those 18 (three more stars were later added, bringing the group total to 21) creators would have paid off for Vine in the long run or whether it would have just been a multimillion-dollar bath for an app that was beyond repair. If each person at that meeting made a dozen Vines per month (that’s three per week), that only translates to a little over 3,000 Vines a year, a tiny number when you consider the amount of content being generated on other platforms — YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook Live — where content, whether through monetized ads or direct payment from the platforms themselves, is already heavily and more conveniently incentivized. (Facebook paid Jon Paul Piques, a member of the group of 21 Vine stars, a reported $116,000 by Facebook to record five Facebook Live videos between July and September of this year.)
For many former Viners, this is exactly what happened. Logan Paul has major brand deals, a movie with YouTube Red, and millions of followers across other social platforms. Nash Grier and Cameron Dallas co-starred in their own movie last year. Andrew Bachelor was on The Mindy Project and in that terrible Zac Efron EDM movie We Are Your Friends. (I won’t hold it against you, Andrew.) Vine’s elite outgrew the app, and paying them to stick around back in 2015 wouldn’t have meant they’d stop pursuing careers off the app as well. Instead, today, Vine would still likely be dead and Twitter would be $25 million poorer.
Then there was Vine’s fame problem. Nobody who got famous on Vine started out saying, “I’d like to be Vine famous! That’s the dream!” No. They wanted to become famous famous. Mainstream famous or, at the very least, it’s 2016 cousin, YouTube famous. (YouTube’s monetization system makes it a much more lucrative platform for creators than Vine ever was.) Instead of being the objective, Vine stardom was just a fulcrum for that larger fame. Not to mention, platforms like YouTube and Instagram and, more recently, Snapchat were always bigger and more established than Vine was, even at its peak in 2013. If you could succeed on those platforms, there really wasn’t a reason to keep using Vine.
But as with so much social-media activism, there’s very little evidence that checking in to Standing Rock on Facebook makes much of a difference.
Now, obviously, law enforcement has a history of using social media to monitor and gather intel on activists, and all protestors should just assume their tweets, posts, and photos are being watched. But there’s very little that an extra few thousand check-ins on Facebook can do to prevent that from happening.
In a move so brilliant, so masterful, and so perfect I can only hope it is real, a woman in China reportedly convinced her 20 different boyfriends (!) to buy her 20 new iPhone 7s (!!), which she then resold for money she used to purchase a house (!!!).
For its part, the Sacred Stone Camp tells Snopes that the viral post didn’t originate with them:
Checking in via Facebook is a nice show of solidarity, but not much else. Want to help the Standing Rock protestors? You can make a donation to the Sacred Stone Legal Defense Fund via Fundrazr. (If you really want to help, give directly to their PayPal via email and the organization won’t have to pay any fees to the crowd-raising platform.) You can sign the pledge to resist the DAP. Purchase something to donate off the Sacred Stone needs list or call up North Dakota governor Jack Dalrymple at 701-328-2200 and give him a piece of your mind.
According to a report from the BBC, a person called Proud Qiaoba (not their real name) first wrote up the story on Chinese blogging platform Tian Ya Yi Du, about their friend, Xiaoli (also not her real name). According to the post, Xiaoli sold the new iPhones for about 120,000 Chinese yuan (approximately $18,000) to a tech resale company called Hui Shou Bao. From there, she used the money to pay for the deposit on a new house.
While the whole thing sounds fairly suspect and a bit like the blog post version of the Thinking-Face Emoji, the BBC did confirm with Hui Shou Bao that the company recently purchased 20 iPhone 7s from a woman earlier in October. Which means there is hope for this scam yet. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to steal 20 of your men and make them buy me iPhones.
Yesterday, Apple rolled out the first beta version of iOS 10.2. (If you’re not a developer or somebody who enjoys turning their phone into a corporate guinea pig, you can probably hold off on downloading until the official version comes out.) With the new OS, users get complete access to Unicode 9.0, which means a whole new suite of emoji, including an avocado and a series of new professions (astronaut, rock star, lawyer, artist) for both men and women. Unicode 9.0 also includes some artistic upgrades on the classic emoji you know and love.
As usual, Emojipedia has an excellent rundown on what’s new in the land of emoji. First up, no more copying and pasting ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ anytime you want to express your indifference. The shruggie now takes human form, in its own emoji.
Deeply embarrassed for someone (or possibly for yourself)? The face-palm emoji is a nice new option in iOS 10.2. Also, it saves you from having to physically type *face palm* like all the cool kids on Gchat circa 2006.
While this isn’t technically a Harambe emoji, it’s also not not a Harambe emoji. Unicode has labeled this one the Gorilla emoji, and you’ll find it in the section with the other animals on your phone. But let’s be real here, there’s only one good use for this emoji and that is to memorialize Harambe.
And, finally, somebody tell Kim Kardashian West her preferred Snapchat emoji now just looks like a boring piece of totally non-sensual fruit. The peach emoji looks like, well, a peach. How ever will our sexts recover!
The new operating system also supports more professional emoji, including a firefighter and a judge. Unlike in the past, every one of these now comes in male and female options, with multiple skin tones. Welcome to 2016; women can have the same emoji jobs as men now. (Be sure to pay them 77 cents on the emoji 💵 to keep things accurate.)
Update 11/1/16: A new report from BuzzFeed News has officially killed my hopes that this scam could be real. According to BuzzFeed, the blog in which the story was published is a known hot spot for gossip. The blogger who wrote the story appeared to have only joined to platform days before writing the cell-phone-scam post, which is, obviously, suspect. On top of that, the tech resale company, Hui Shou Bao, recently posted a job opening seeking someone competent in “methods of media manipulation.” It’s likely, BuzzFeed notes, this whole thing was just a scheme cooked up by Hui Shou Bao for attention. A scammer can dream, though.
Which, sadly, means the peach emoji will no longer look like a tiny, cartoon bum.
Starting today, if you want to rent your apartment/home/igloo/yurt on Airbnb, you’ll have to agree to the terms of the company’s new anti-discrimination policy. Called the “Community Commitment,” the new policy is designed to create a safer and more welcoming experience for all Airbnb users, following months of allegations of racism facing Airbnb users of color. (For instance, a Harvard study found that people with names that “sounded African-American” had a significantly harder time renting on Airbnb.)
If a host violates the Community Commitment, by posting a listing with discriminatory language, Airbnb says the host will be forced to edit the listing or else face suspension. Refusing a rental to someone is also grounds for potential suspension. The company also acknowledges there are ways for people to use legal ways to reject guests (traveling with pets, smokers) as a way to keep people from protected classes from renting. (Airbnb also says this could lead to suspension.) So while it’s certainly not a perfect system and likely won’t fix all of Airbnb’s issues, this new policy definitely seems like the company is on the right track. The Community Commitment goes into effect today; now we’ll just have to wait and see if it works.
Existing Airbnb users received an email about the Community Commitment over the weekend, explaining that it will be mandatory if you want to continue using the service. (It will also be required of new users joining to platform going forward.)
From Airbnb:
Airbnb’s new policy and its emphasis on “respect and inclusion” come after a long series of discrimination issues plaguing the platform. In June, an Airbnb host was banned for harassing a Nigerian grad student, calling her the N-word and “blacky.” In October 2015, Ronnia Cherry and Stefan Grant had to explain themselves to the cops when neighbors called the police after spotting the duo at their Airbnb rental in Georgia. (The pair later went on to found Noirbnb, a home-rental platform specifically designed for the POC community.) This spring, Gregory Selden, a 25-year-old black man, filed a lawsuit against Airbnb, arguing that it violated the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (Selden says he was denied a room from a given host, the same room he was later able to book after changing his Airbnb-profile avatar to a white guy.) And these are just a few of the examples you’ll find if you check out the hashtag #AirbnbWhileBlack.
Going forward, Airbnb says hosts will not be able to “decline a guest based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status.” (One exception: Hosts can decline to rent to someone of a gender other than their own if the host and guest will be sharing living spaces.) Declining guests based on disability or perceived disability will also not be allowed. All policies will be enforced internationally. (Which is interesting, given Airbnb operates in nations around the world where LGBTQ people and other marginalized groups are not welcomed by local laws and customs.)
One of the most recognizable sounds on the planet is going away. The chime that rings out whenever your MacBook or iMac (or PowerBook or Power Mac or Quadra) restarts, letting everyone around you know, “Yes, I own an Apple computer,” is on its way out, after nearly two decades defining the Mac experience. New MacBooks, as was announced at an event last week, automatically boot up when their lid is opened — and do it so quickly that the start-up sound has been removed from the system.
Reekes developed the sound in the early ’90s, during Apple’s Steve Jobs–less era, when the company was producing dozens of different computer models. He came up with it because he hated the previous start-up sound, which he likened to a dentist’s drill. “No one tasked me with this; I did it because I knew it needed to be fixed,” he recalled. In fact, his colleagues thought the change was a bad idea. “So basically, I hacked it in when no one was looking … I sort of did a gambit there.” The gambit paid off, with the chime eventually becoming so iconic that Apple obtained a rare audio trademark.
The chime was well-known not just because booting and rebooting your computer was more common in previous eras but because it is forever entwined in many people’s minds with the experience of disrupting a meeting or class while trying to restart a computer. Reekes nonetheless stands by the chime: “My sound is not annoying,” he argued. “It was very carefully designed to be the opposite of that. I knew it would be heard thousands of times, and all too often after the Mac had crashed. The sound was designed to be soothing after one had been annoyed.”
Being the guy who created the Apple start-up sound is nice trivia, good for a free drink sometimes, but another of Reekes’s audio creations will likely have a much longer legacy. Using an old Canon AE–1 camera, Reekes recorded the shutter sound that served as OS X’s screenshot function — now best known as the sound that the camera makes when you take a picture in iOS. “If they don’t know the Mac sound, they definitely know my camera sound. Now, that one I hear in the wild all the time.”
Jim Reekes, the man who created the sound while working at Apple, isn’t surprised. “Apple has been adrift for a few years,” he told me on the phone yesterday. Part of the reason, he asserted, was because of Apple’s push to replace traditional computers with tablets like the iPad Pro. “I caught a comment from Tim Cook the other day that made it very clear that he thinks your iPad Pro is so good you wouldn’t need a PC,” he recalled. Because tablets are always on, and “wake up” more than “boot up,” having a start-up chime doesn’t make much sense anymore.
If you don’t spend your days chained to TweetDeck watching columns of 140-character missives fly past your now-glazed-over eyeballs, it can be hard to feel like you’re seeing everything Twitter has to offer. (The worst of Twitter, however, always seems to float to the surface.) But today, Twitter is rolling out a new feature that is going to make it a little easier to see the actually good tweets from people you follow, with Twitter Highlights.
As of today, Highlights is available to all iOS users. (Android friends, sorry if this sounds familiar. I realize Highlights has been available to you guys for a while now, but I own an iPhone so it’s new for me.) The feature works by sending you a push notification with a roundup of the best and most popular tweets each day. (Which is convenient if you’re a Twitter purist who doesn’t use the platform’s algorithm, because even the most avid Twitter users can still miss good tweets. You gotta sleep at some point!) “We look at things like the accounts and conversations that are popular among people you follow, Tweets from people you’re closely tied to, topics and events that are trending in your area or within your network, and people that are popular or trending among people you follow,” Twitter explained of the feature back in 2015.
So, what can you do in the meantime? First off, disable Flash — that seems to be one of the main attack vectors. While none of the exact details of the vulnerability are known quite yet, if Flash is involved, disabling it should provide some measure of security.Second, if you are using Windows 10, EVP Terry Myerson says users who are also using Microsoft Edge are already protected from attack (though this makes up a tiny population of total Windows users).
Hacker group Fancy Bear, meanwhile, has had an active month. They are suspected to be behind the spear-phishing hack that brought John Podesta’s emails into the the public eye; to have hacked into Mac OS X; and to have revealed the U.S. Olympic team’s own anti-doping policies after members of the Russian delegation were banned from this summer’s games. They’re heavily suspected to be supported or outright employed by the Main Intelligence Department (or GRU) of the Russian government. This Windows hack would seem to just be the latest feather in their shapka.
Do you use a password manager? If yes, congrats! If no, that’s okay. Until about two weeks ago, I didn’t either. It only took about a thousand websites, companies, and Leslie Jones getting hacked this year to finally scare me into getting serious about password security. And if those hacks weren’t enough to convince you, maybe this will: LastPass, our favorite password manager, is now effectively free. You no longer have an excuse!
As funny as it is, it seems unlikely that this interaction actually happened as Twitter makes it appear. The two Twitter users have a long history of interacting with each other on the platform, and if you look closely the labels on the two chickens appear to be different colors. (The chicken-giver chicken labels are red, while the other’s is purple.) Still, credit where credit is due. This is an excellent idea and much more original than the old razor-blade-in-the-apple spiel your parents warned you about back in the day.
I can only hope, if I ever lose my wallet, the person who finds it will also be this determined.
On Monday evening, a 25-year-old Oklahoma man, John Pinney, made off with a police car, after the officer stepped away from her unlocked vehicle to get a cup of coffee. (I can only hope doughnuts were also involved.) From there, Pinney hit the road in a hurry, roaming the roads for more than 30 minutes and reaching speeds above 120 mph while narrating the joyride via Facebook Live. Which he reportedly broadcast using the officer’s iPad, according to CBS News. (Somebody please hug this police officer, because I am sure she is not having a great day.)
But lost in the battle over the veracity of the claims in the report itself is the troubling question of where the data itself came from. Ultimately the real, though less juicy, effect of the story may be to raise serious concerns over the privileged access that some researchers have to the systems that administer internet traffic around the globe.
Jake: First off: Those were not stupid questions about Tulsa.
Second: No, I don’t think either has a clear edge that makes it an obvious choice above the other. Which really brings us to price. The Echo costs $179 for a base unit, plus $50 per Amazon Dot. If I lived in a larger house, I’d want a four Dots at least, so that brings it up to $379. The Google Home is $129, though if you want to expand the range it’s another $129 Google Home. In Google’s hardware demos, they showed three Google Homes in a midsize suburban home — which would mean $387 all in.
This is one of those many occasions on which it’s appropriate to give The Simpsons the last word:
Yesterday, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker decided to celebrate the very real holiday that is National Sandwich Day by posting not one but two tweets. First, Walker shared a picture of a very sad-looking ham-and-cheese sandwich (we’ll assume the latter was some locally sourced Wisco cheddar). This was at 11:57 a.m.
Searching through Walker’s Twitter history reveals that, over the years, he has been a vocal advocate for his beloved ham-and-cheeses.
O’Neill, who had more than a million followers across multiple platforms, deleted her accounts on Snapchat, YouTube, and Tumblr. Her Instagram account was left up, but O’Neill changed the captions to more accurately reflect how she was feeling in each photo: anxious, hungry, sad, emotionally drained. (These photos have since been removed and all that remains on O’Neill’s Instagram account today are two pictures of two inspirational quotes.)
O’Neill is certainly not the only person to feel negative effects from living life online, and many people reacted to her revelation, however dramatic, positively. Many … did not. Videos began popping up from from other YouTubers claiming O’Neill was pulling a giant attention-seeking stunt. The vegan YouTube scene became a battlefield. Two of her former friends, twin-sister YouTube duo Nina and Randa, went so far as to post a 15-minute take-down of her “hoax” and labeling O’Neill as a huge “fake.” For the record, today Nina and Randa have 66,000 Instagram followers. In her peak, O’Neill had over 570,000. YouTube twins may have other motivations in mind besides speaking truth to power.
Last night, BuzzFeed, building on reports in the Guardian and an English-language Macedonian news site called Meta, described a “digital gold rush” in Veles, a small city in central Macedonia: Locals, mostly teenagers and college students, have “launched at least 140 US politics websites” with “American-sounding domain names such as WorldPoliticus.com, TrumpVision365.com, USConservativeToday.com, DonaldTrumpNews.co, and USADailyPolitics.com.” These sites mostly publish plagiarized conservative news and made-up conservative “news,” and sometimes, best of all, conservative “news” that is both made up and plagiarized.
If there is any encouraging news, it’s this: The Macedonian scheme is only hugely profitable thanks to Donald Trump. A wily and unscrupulous traffic publisher can likely make money off of pages centered around right-wing (or left-wing) news more broadly, but only Trump — popular, omnipresent, engaged in a high-stakes and time-limited battle — is inflating a small bubble in Facebook traffic arbitrage. If he fades from view, a number of these pages, and their proprietors, will shut down their sites and, with any luck, find a line of work less directly mendacious.
But what if — spitballing here — you could eliminate all the things that make news articles expensive to produce and difficult to sell? You know: reporting, fact-checking, editing, a big office, web hosting, ad sellers, ethical objections to plagiarism, a commitment to not making shit up, etc. The difference between the New York Times and the Macedonian blog ConservativeState.com — well, uh, one difference — is that the “articles” on Conservative State (“Daily Conservative Info”) have no purpose but to induce people to click and share them, and cost almost nothing to publish. This one (“Hillary Clinton In 2013: ‘I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They’re Honest And Can’t Be Bought’”), for example, is lifted wholesale from another traffic arbitrageur, TheRightists.com, which is shocking, except that the story itself is also completely made up. It required one person mere minutes to produce, with no overhead, and it’s vastly more engaging than actual, true news would be. Best of all, it’s incredibly easy to monetize, thanks to automated ad networks like Google AdSense.
But not all of them. The problem of fake news on Facebook may be exacerbated by this particularly charged election season and its polarizing main figure, but its roots are in the structure of how information disseminates online. So long as social media makes it easy for incorrect information to travel quickly across its networks, and so long as ad networks make it possible to make money off getting people to look at stuff, this problem will be with us.
It’s not just Macedonian media barons, either: In August, John Herrman profiled a number of Americans running similarly crude politics-themed Facebook pages (one American outsources the difficult work of copy-and-pasting other news articles to a couple in the Philippines). The business model is not particularly different from any mainstream publisher’s social-media strategy in an era where more people look at Facebook than all news outlets combined: Build a Facebook page, gather a large following, and try to draw that audience off of Facebook and onto your site, where you’re serving the ads off of which you draw revenue. If you’re a mainstream publisher, it’s a frustrating model, since the margins are extremely thin — the aggregate cost of enticing a given reader is, at best, only slightly less than the ad revenue they generate, and is often more.
It might seem relatively simple to demand that Facebook, the most powerful media company on the planet, start clearly marking (or even suppressing) hoax or fake news sites — to assume editorial responsibility over the content published on its site. But determining the reliability or truth of a given news outlet or story has become a political project as much as an empirical one, and political projects tend to make hugely profitable businesses with large customer bases very nervous. When it was discovered that the “editors” of Facebook’s “trending” widget were ignoring “trending topics” linked to conservative stories (mostly spurious or unnewsworthy ones), the company fired them, appeasing conservative outrage. Almost immediately, fake news — all of it conservative — started popping up intermittently in the “trending” widget. As we’ve said in the past, Facebook’s hoax-news problem is rooted in a conservative movement that has no loyalty to facts — but Facebook has no desire to reinsert itself into an argument it can’t possibly win.
More depressingly, even if we were able to convince Facebook to accept the civic responsibility associated with its power (and good luck there), where would it begin? One-quarter of the world’s population uses Facebook; hundreds of millions of links are posted to the site every day. Right now, the company contracts vast rooms of moderators in the Philippines and elsewhere to review flagged images and posts for offensive content. Imagine the kind of resources it’d take to start actively moderating links not just for offensiveness but for accuracy, especially given the current moderators’ mixed success at the complex and culturally driven process of determining which content is offensive.
A few months later, O’Neill popped back up in the form of a lengthy email to her followers. (Which someone kindly posted to Tumblr, where it lives on in posterity because nothing on the internet ever truly goes away.) In it, she explained that extreme backlash (“I received so many death threats”) caused her to shutter Lets’s Be Game Changers and that her actions were never meant to be a stunt. She also announced she was writing a satirical book entitled How to Be Good at Social Media and dreamed of writing science fiction as well. (A dream O’Neill says started when she was 12.)
The elimination of the headphone jack from the latest iPhone, replaced with a mildly inconvenient dongle adapter, has created a cottage industry of tricks. Today’s latest innovation is Uncourage, a keychain with a 3.5-millimeter jack that you can connect your dongle to in order to keep track of it.
“But what if I plug my headphones into a computer, requiring me to remove the dongle, separating the two?” Decent question. Here’s what to do. If you have a laptop, put the dongle right next to the headphone jack, so when you unplug your headphones, the dongle is right there. If you use a desktop computer, just put the friggin’ thing in your pocket or something. Honestly, it’s not that hard.
As an iPhone 7 user, I have a better idea:
Just leave the dongle attached to the headphones.
That was January, and it the last we heard from Essena O’Neill. Today, all her social-media accounts remain shuttered and both of her websites are blank. Recent efforts to get in touch with O’Neill directly were unsuccessful, but I did manage a brief message exchange with her mother, Jules O’Neill, who, like her daughter, also has an Instagram account loaded with inspiring mantras. The elder O’Neill is a teacher of a homegrown wellness system called “Body Conscious,” which her website explains as a “collective combination of energetic processes that gather awareness’s.” (Okay. Sure.)
When I inquired about connecting with Essena, Jules told me that her daughter is not currently doing any press, but that she’s “doing really well.”
Essena, I am so happy to things are going splendidly. But if you happen to read this, I’d still really like to know about the whole sci-fi thing.
These two Instagram stars have decorated their beards with everything from glitter to french fries. Such antics have earned them thousands of loyal followers. What’s next? An idea to try a “living” beard with real ladybugs. Good luck with that.
Back in 1999, when you logged on to AOL and, well, had mail, you’d hear the dulcet tones of an unnamed guy chime, “You’ve got mail!” If you log in today, you’ll still hear it. (I just logged into an AOL account I abandoned as a teen to confirm this.)
That voice comes from one Elwood Edwards, who booked the job back in 1989 (nearly ten years before Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks would star in a rom-com based entirely around the now-iconic phrase). Edwards, a broadcast announcer by trade, landed the gig because his wife volunteered him. “My wife was a customer service rep for the company that was about to become America Online,” Edwards told Great Big Story. “She heard Steve Case talking to some of the programmers [about] how fun it would be to add a voice to the software.”
Over the weekend, Edwards popped back up online again. This time on Twitter, after a passenger, Brandee Barker, in the Uber he was driving realized she was riding with one of the world’s most famed voices and filmed him saying “you’ve got mail” from the driver’s seat. Edwards, for his part, seemed to be a really good sport about the whole thing.
Can’t wait to see which tech giant Edwards works for next.
Mariza Reulas, a single mother of six from California, is facing jail time after being cited by San Joaquin County for two misdemeanors. Her crime? Selling homemade food through a Facebook group. Ruelas, along with several others, were busted following a yearlong sting investigation of food sales via Facebook. (Unlike those who prepare food commercially, people in the Facebook group did not have government permits to sell their dishes.) Ruelas joined the Facebook group, 209 Food Spot, several years ago, when she needed a birthday cake for her daughter’s birthday, the Washington Post reports.
Over the past two years, Ruelas says she used the group to exchange food about once per month to “those who requested it.” She was caught when one of the people requesting ceviche turned out to be an undercover investigator. “I don’t write the laws, I enforce them. And the legislature has felt that this is a crime,” San Joaquin County Deputy District Attorney Kelly McDaniel told Fox 40 regarding the fines and possible jail time Ruelas is facing. “Food prepared in a facility that does not inspect it creates a risk to the public.”
Ruelas, who was cited for both running a food facility and operating a business without a permit, turned down a plea deal of 80 hours of community service, a $235 fine, and three years on probation. (Everyone else cited was offered a deal of 40 hours, one year, and $235, the Washington Post also reports.) Instead, she’ll face trial where she could be sentenced to a year in jail.
On Sunday night, Scottie Nell Hughes went on CNN on behalf of the Trump campaign to speak out against Jay Z and Beyoncé’s recent, pantsuit-filled endorsement of Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump called the event “cheating” and called out Jay Z’s use of lewd language. This was a sentiment Hughes echoed during her CNN spot, referencing “multiple uses of the MF-word and the N-word” as well as labeling the “No Church in the Wild” music video “anti-police.”
Correction: This article initially referred to the Macedonian teenagers maintaining hoax news sites on Facebook as “post-Soviet.” However, as many readers have pointed out, Macedonia was a federal subject of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, which was officially nonaligned and pointedly independent from the Soviet Union. The reference to the particular 20th-century political cosmology from which the teenagers are “post-” has been updated.
Mazel tov cocktails: coming soon to a chalkboard sign in front of a dive bar near you.
According to Hughes, that video opens with a crowd of people throwing “mazel tov cocktails” at the police. Which is, um, well, almost right. Thank you, Don Lemon, for pointing out she meant to say “Molotov cocktail.” To which Hughes replied that the gaffe was just her “Jewish side” coming out. (Earlier in the interview, Hughes introduced herself as an “evangelical Christian.”)
During a rally in Florida this morning, Donald Trump broke from his speech to discuss a topic of national importance: how beautiful he is. Spotting someone in the crowd wearing a Trump mask, Trump went off on a tangent about his own face. “Look at this mask. Look at this mask. Oh wow. Wow, that’s beautiful. Look at that. Looks just like me.”
He then headed into the crowd, grabbed the mask, and returned to stage holding the mask beside his own face in a moment which the fingers of bloggers everywhere could not screenshot and tweet fast enough. “Nice head of hair,” Trump added. “I’ll say that.”
One more day, you guys. Hang in there.
There is not much for me to say here other than: This is a video filmed on the deck of a Russian fishing boat. It is one minute and 57 seconds long. And I highly recommend you watch all of it because it will surprise you and and maybe even make you feel things.
Ah, nature.
Meet Tom Crean. Crean is a member of the George Washington University College Republicans and a first-time voter. Today, he sat down on CNN to talk about why he’s supporting Donald Trump, a candidate he says gets a “bad rap” because “he is a movement of the people.” He also, to quote Mediaite’s Alex Griswold looks, um, “prety [sic] much exactly how you would have expected.”
“The Establishment has been against him from the beginning, and I think that’s kind of a uniquely American campaign in a way. Because we, as a country, against the odds, beat Great Britain,” Crean explained, demonstrating at least a basic working knowledge of the American Revolution. On Twitter, people were quick to point out that the young man also bears a striking resemblance to Harry Potter antagonist Draco Malfoy.
Remember last week when some guy dressed up as a giant Gumby toy and his dog Jolene went absolutely bananas? That was last week. Now another poor, deluded pet owner has decided to re-create the magic of that viral Gumby video — but with a cat named Peeps instead of a dog. If you have a cat, you may have an idea of what happens next.
In the video, Peeps is shown hanging out in a bed shaped like a shark. Then his owner appears dressed like an extra from a Saturday Night Live “Landshark” skit. Peeps promptly flees the room, and his owner sits next to the shark bed looking dismayed.
Investigators are looking into product reviews posted on Amazon, likely posted by an alleged serial killer. Todd Kohlhepp — suspected of responsibility for as many as seven deaths, as well as keeping one woman chained in a metal shed for two months — is believed to have also authored more than 100 Amazon reviews for tools such as “padlocks, tactical gear, targets, knives and gun accessories,” according to the Greenville News.
The reviews are creepy in tone and form (the author’s pen name, “me,” was linked to a wish list bearing Kohlhepp’s name). Writing of a padlock, the customer says:
For a folding shovel:
Police said they are following up on the possible link, but that the Amazon reviews are of secondary importance to the investigation.
Another review for locks compares whatever they are affixed to to Hotel California, the setting from the Eagles song of the same name (“You can check out any time you like / but you can never leave”).
At the other end of the scale are the script kiddies and non-hackers — both unaffiliated kids and U.S. partisans who congregate on forums like 4chan and Hackerforums, and fierce Russian, Chinese, or Syrian nationalists who operate with the approval but not the guidance of the government they support — who make use of open-source software or old-fashioned brigading techniques to disrupt targeted websites or sow misinformation, whether in support of a given candidate or party, or just because they’re bored and want to blow stuff up.
Tomorrow, Americans head to the polls, under the looming threat of [extremely dramatic robot voice] Cyber War! After an election season marked by mass misinformation campaigns, the apparently Russia-sponsored hacks of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta’s email, and increasingly concerning attacks on internet infrastructure, it’s hard not to expect cybershenanigans tomorrow. The question is: What would they even look like?
Russia itself, for that matter, has a keen understanding of how misinformation campaigns can affect an election. The country’s legendary army of trolls, the Internet Research Agency, isn’t interested in gaining illicit access to servers or shutting down websites. As The New Yorker’s Adrian Chen wrote earlier this year, the purpose of the Internet Research Agency is “not to brainwash readers but to overwhelm social media with a flood of fake content, seeding doubt and paranoia, and destroying the possibility of using the Internet as a democratic space.” In 2014, the Internet Research Agency hoaxed reporters by claiming a chemical fire was consuming a town in Louisiana. If the agency wanted to “hack” U.S. elections, it might attempt to spread panic about a disaster in an electorally important county. In the same vein, disruptors could leak damaging emails or documents, as Russia seems to have done to the DNC and the Clinton campaign through WikiLeaks throughout 2016. The data wouldn’t even need to be real — it just needs to imply seriousness. Would it be successful? It might not matter, to Russia — none of these campaigns requires anything more complicated than an organized group of people with Twitter accounts.
The most basic way an election can be “hacked” is through misinformation. It’s much easier to point tech to old-fashioned purposes, such as lying to or misleading an electorate, than it is to undertake any complex technical needling. Alt-right Trump supporters on 4chan already have been attempting to deploy a variety of misinformation campaigns, including tricking voters into thinking that they can cast ballots via text message, and using the looming shadow of Russia to try and persuade voters to eschew electronic voting and demand a paper ballot. The simple reason is that it makes the voting process slower and more annoying.
The problem is that any member of this broad spectrum of hackers could potentially disrupt an election because there are many vulnerabilities in the American democratic process. According to a new report from the Harvard Kennedy School, America is, to turn a phrase, not good at the cyber.
To start with, there’s a wide array of potential perpetrators, with varying capabilities and goals. The most advanced are state-sponsored groups like Russia’s Fancy Bear — which is believed to be behind the DNC and Podesta hacks — and China’s Comment Group, an elite unit of the People’s Liberation Army. Groups of this kind are generally known as “advanced persistent threats,” or APTs, and have sophisticated techniques, specific targets, and more-or-less clear goals — such as, for example, to disrupt the U.S. election by obtaining and dumping the private emails of a top political aide.
Of course, some voting machines might be air-gapped, meaning that they can’t be connected to a network. But those votes need to get counted somehow. If the internet slows to a crawl, electricity goes out — computer voting machines are electric, remember — or important components of the internet infrastructure become overloaded and unreliable, as happened last month when some script kiddies targeted a DNS company and made large swaths of the internet inaccessible, those tasked with collecting and tabulating votes will have a difficult time doing so.
Misinformation campaigns might be the easiest and cheapest way to “hack” an election. But they’re not the only way. Hundreds of precincts still use busted voting machines to tabulate votes — machines that probably have worse security than the smartphone in your pocket. Experts in voting-machine security have been documenting the vulnerabilities for years. While the scary and obvious scenario is a hacker’s adjusting the vote count of a machine, the easier and likely more effective way to hack an election through voting machines would be to just crash them — causing long lines and discouraging those who don’t have three hours to burn. Do that in enough important precincts and you could seriously depress turnout.
In other words, a “hacked” election looks less like a sinister manipulation of tabulated votes, and more like a distributed group of vaguely affiliated individuals doing nothing more complicated than mucking up the procedural and infrastructural gears that allow people to cast their votes. What can be done about this is largely up to each precinct. There is no federal oversight authority with the power to enforce consistency in election policy. States need stronger audit procedures, more secure technology, and more funding to improve infrastructure.
This week, the internet has been heavily populated by two types of content: the election and videos of teenagers standing frozen in tableaux as part of the latest and greatest web trend, the #MannequinChallenge. This morning, those two worlds collided in a new Twitter ad from the Clinton camp featuring Hillary, Bill, Huma Abedin, campaign staff, and special guest Jon Bon Jovi doing their own take on the challenge aboard the campaign plane.
The ad hits Donald Trump in one of his weakest areas: discipline. Imagine Trump standing still long enough to pull this off. If you’ve ever thought to yourself, I wonder what it would look like if Bon Jovi and Hillary Clinton were positioned next to each other at a wax museum, this is your chance to find out.
Are you on edge? Of course you are. Look at the state of the world these days. Furbies made a comeback this year! The peach emoji has been de-sexualized! Things are not good. Fortunately, there’s an easy meme engineered to take the edge off. All you need are your hands and an object of your choosing.
Fork. Pickle. Corn dog. Jar of barbecue sauce. Your ballot. Just stick your chosen little something between your fingers and pretend to smoke it.
It’s not an entirely new meme. The Daily Dot traces the potential origin back to this pretzel tweet from early in October. That’s an eternity in meme years, but for some reason — perhaps the impending sense of doom brought about by this election — the meme is having a resurgence today.
Here is one modest addition: When it comes to computers, we’re screwed.
Clinton’s use of a private email server during her time as secretary of State has dogged her this entire campaign. It’s reasonable, if not obligatory, to criticize Clinton for using a private and potentially insecure email server; even if it’s not a prosecutable offense, it reflects poorly on her judgment and commitment to transparency.
And when I say “we,” I mean everybody. Not just old people on dial-up, not just selfie-obsessed millennials, not just rich people, not just poor people, not just the candidates, and not just the media. Over the last decade — and particularly since the last presidential election — we’ve woven a vast networked technological apparatus, known to you and me as “computers and the internet,” into our national social, cultural, and political fabric. And we don’t know how it works or how to talk about it. The extent to which this election has been driven by technological incompetence and ignorance — by computer fuck-ups great and small — is unprecedented. And it’s very worrying.
Sadly, most of the specifics of the case seem to have been lost amidst hyperbolic and generally inaccurate reporting about the danger of the private server, as Philip Bump wrote in the Washington Post last year. We’ll set aside for now the byzantine technology protocols of the federal government that allegedly led to Clinton (and predecessor Colin Powell) using private email (essentially, official State Department email can’t be accessed on a mobile device) — though the fact that an essential technology was rendered too inconvenient to use by State Department IT tells us something about how bad we are at the cyber. Among other stories stemming from the scandal have been the claim that the server itself, which Clinton used to personally plan Benghazi, and Venmo Iran money (using the rocket emoji, natch), was “attacked” by hackers in China and Russia!
There are many things to learn from the long slog to today’s election. The candidates, their parties, their supporters, and the media directly confronted some of our nation’s most pressing issues, including racism, xenophobia, misogyny, toxic nationalism, and capitalism. The lessons that can be derived this long period of national self-examination are multiple and deserve careful consideration. In the coming weeks, as pundits and commentators pick clean the bones of the campaign, we will hear about many of them.
Let’s start with — say it with me now — emails.
It somehow got even more comical this weekend when convicted criminal and former NYPD commissioner Bernard Kerik tried to perform some arithmetic in a now-deleted tweet.
Breitbart, whose former executive chairman Steve Bannon is a high-ranking Trump official, has expressed similar skepticism toward these mysterious electric boxes that can read words. “One possible explanation for the speed of the investigation is that the FBI used smart machines that honed in on relevant emails,” the site wrote.
Reporter Kurt Eichenwald also made a numbers oopsie (and, like Kerik’s, the tweet has vanished).
The average size of an email, assuming it contains only text, is somewhere between 50 and 100 kilobytes. Let’s be generous and assume the upper bound here — 650,000 emails at 100 kb in size would be about 65 gigabytes. Any laptop made in the last 15 years can probably store that locally, and if one is using a remote server, you can assume the storage capacity to be higher. Even if a substantial amount of the emails contained images or file attachments, they shouldn’t overwhelm a laptop.
By the way, we haven’t even mentioned the WikiLeaks stuff! The most recent email dump, from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, came about because the campaign’s IT desk told Podesta that an illegitimate phishing email requesting a password change was legitimate. To quote Sophocles, “Whoooooooooooops!!!!”
No one has come out of the email mess looking good, largely because no one seems to have any clue how computers are used or what they’re for. Clinton should have enough basic knowledge of computers and the law to recognize how out of line it would be to set up a private email server, no matter how much more convenient it is. The media should have a clear sense of exactly what Clinton did that was wrong, what the danger potentially was, and how the State Department was meaningfully affected by it. The Trump campaign and its surrogates should, at the very least, know what a computer is.
And unfortunately, there is no indication that we’re getting better, as Eichenwald and Bernie Kerik revealed this weekend. Both Clinton and Trump have said little about our growing cybersecurity concerns, other than that we really need to pay attention to “the cyber” because it’s so, so important. Continually, throughout this election cycle, intricate technical issues have had serious political implications, but the candidates, the press, and the citizenry all seem to content to treat computers and smartphones just as we have in the past: as magic black boxes that work on pixie dust. The gap between technical discussion and technical literacy during this campaign cycle was dangerously wide. If it gets any wider, who knows what will happen.
Pop star Taylor Swift has remained silent about her political affiliations, despite an ever-increasing demand for some kind of formal announcement about who she is voting for, if she is voting at all. How else would we know who to vote for, otherwise?
Honestly, I’d rather know about Monica Lewinsky anyway.
The alt-right, the loosely affiliated movement of fascists, monarchists, trolls, and hangers-on that spurred much of Trump’s online support this year had been waiting for Tuesday for months.
Donald Trump — who has a great website, the best website, so good at cyber — suffered a minor setback today when someone managed to place a smiling poop emoji smack-dab in the center of the site’s banner. The emoji was first spotted shortly before 5 p.m. on the candidate’s press release section (the same section that early today featured an enigmatic post titled “S.”)
And then … Trump started to win. He won Florida.
They started giving Trump their energy and posting threads of dance GIFs. They started cheering for Trump as if he were a top-tier Dota team.
Then Pennsylvania flipped, which was pretty much the end of the race.
The tone from there through to Trump’s victory speech turned less angry and more astonished. /pol/ read like 4chan had pulled off an upset in a Counter-Strike match, rather than an globally destabilizing electoral victory.
Though, make no mistake, there was plenty of racism, misogyny, and anti-Semitism too.
Even Scott Adams, the Dilbert guy, got adoration.
The alt-right memers are bathing in their post-election glow. And then they get back to work. Supporting a Trump presidency with their “meme magic.” For the next four years.
To anyone reading the Clinton-friendly forecasts of prominent election pundits, the alt-right’s blind faith in Trump’s eventual success has seemed almost quixotic. But now we have to confront how a pundit class missed what bunch of 17-year-old memelords saw. Over the course of the day, and especially the night, Trump’s continual defiance of pundit expectations and polling data brought his most ardent online fans back from the brink. The night ended as it was always going to, regardless of the results: with Trump supporters and trolls ridiculing cucks, women, minorities ethnic and religious, and liberals.
Around 9:30 last night, this tweet popped up on my timeline:
For those who didn’t spend last night glued to both their phones or laptops and the TV, the “hell dial” was the New York Times’ election-forecast dial, which was showing real-time projections about who would be the next president. It started the night with the dials pointing toward an 80 percent chance of a Hillary win. But slowly, and then all at once, it radically reversed itself, as the polls every forecast model uses were proven to be definitively wrong and the needle swung toward Trump. My Twitter timeline for a while was about 40 percent people tweeting screenshots of the dial over and over in agony.
But all the while, the dials kept jittering back and forth, showing small swings — Trump would gain a few electoral votes and then lose them, go from a 55 percent chance to win to 56 and then back down to 52. It was agonizing for supporters on both sides, but also kept you glued to the dials — the feeling of immediacy was both intoxicating and anxiety-inducing compared to the staid talking-head roundtables, on network and cable news, that might stop every 30 to 45 minutes to announce a few more states in between Wolf Blitzer wandering around aimlessly or Mark Shields unwrapping hard candy after hard candy. The feeling was probably best expressed in this GIF posted by Twitter user @rhyselsmore.
While Lauren Ancona when a bit more in-depth about it:
The problem? All that twitch wasn’t reflecting small adjustments to the forecast model as new votes came in; it was hard-coded into the dials themselves. The dials were designed to always be jittering around. People much smarter than I am quickly caught on when looking into the code for page. Alp Toker was quick to spot it:
None of this is to say the Times’ forecast model was fundamentally wrong — Nate Cohn and his team have walked through the math they use, and to my non-statistician’s mind it seems sound. And they did indeed start accurately predicting Trump’s victory long before many others. Look: The dial faking the shake to keep things interesting is far, far from the biggest problem facing the U.S. right now. The fundamental divide between two halves of the country, the failure of the left to have any sort of answer for those racked by the loss of manufacturing jobs, the fact that Clinton will likely win the popular vote but lose the Electoral College, and the promise of at least four years of a presidency built on vilifying the Other are far, far more disturbing.
But this built-in twitchiness would be fine if it was, say, showing the odds of the Cubs winning the World Series or someone winning Best Actress at the Oscars. The Times’ Gregor Aisch responded, saying the ersatz unsteadiness of the dials was meant to represent the uncertainty of the model. But when it comes to Americans staring at the screen, wondering what exactly the world is going to look like at the end of the night, just keep the damn dial still until there’s actually something concrete to move it.
Donald Trump is going to be the next president of the United States. Even typing that sentence makes me feel like I’m living in a weird dream, and despite comforting words about the give-and-take of democracy from Barack Obama this afternoon, today has been pretty dark.
At around noon, President Obama addressed the nation for the first time since a Trump presidency became our reality. I stood around a television in my office with several of my colleagues and watched as our current president spoke tactfully about his deep admiration of Clinton’s campaign and hopes for a peaceful transition of power and a bright future for the country. It was a fine speech, but given the contentious nature of this entire election, it wasn’t doing much to lift my spirits.
Thanks, Joe. We needed that.
Ever the nation’s dad, Obama reminded us that in a democracy, somebody always has to be the loser. Sometimes, even him. “I’ve lost elections before … Joe hasn’t,” Obama joked, gesturing to Vice-President Joe Biden, who was standing behind him during the speech. In case 2008 feels like a distant memory at this point, remember that Biden also ran a campaign to be the Democratic nominee for president that year, which he, obviously, did not win.
In that moment, for the first time since realizing Donald Trump is going to run the country for the next four years, I laughed. My colleagues did, too. First, just small sounds as we all looked around at one another, but then louder, real laughter. The kind you need to get through a day where so many people are scared and hurting.
Watching the speech on CNN, you couldn’t really see that Biden had been standing anywhere near the lectern. So when the vice-president popped his head into the shot, touched Obama’s shoulder, and joked, “You beat me badly,” it was almost a surprise. A fun surprise. Like seeing your favorite correspondent on Saturday Night Live’s “Weekend Update” roll their chair into the frame to just make you giggle for a split second and then immediately roll away.
In the coming days and months there will be plenty of need for action (if you’re ready to get started now, here’s a good list of organizations that need your help), but today feels more like a day for organized moping. It’s more than understandable if nothing seems funny to you right now. Frankly, not much is. But it’s nice, where possible, to share a grim laugh with the millions of other people feeling demolished today. And for that, despite everything else, Twitter is pretty good.
A close and — to pundits, journalists, and Democrats — unexpected victory like Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s is always overdetermined, and no one particular thing pushed Trump over the edge on Tuesday night. His chosen party’s lately increasing openness to explicit white nationalism, the still-recent global-scale failure of the liberal economic consensus, the apparently deep-seated misogyny and racism of the American electorate, Hillary Clinton’s multiple shortcomings as a candidate, or even the last-minute intervention of FBI director James Comey might each have been, on its own, sufficient to hand the election to a man who is, by any reckoning, a dangerous and unpredictable bigot.
Still, it can be clarifying to identify the conditions that allowed access to the highest levels of the political syste a man so far outside what was, until recently, the political mainstream that not a single former presidential candidate from his own party would endorse him. In this case, the condition was: Facebook.
All throughout the election, these fake stories, sometimes papered over with flimsy “parody site” disclosures somewhere in small type, circulated throughout Facebook: The Pope endorses Trump. Hillary Clinton bought $137 million in illegal arms. The Clintons bought a $200 million house in the Maldives. Many got hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of shares, likes, and comments; enough people clicked through to the posts to generate significant profits for their creators. The valiant efforts of Snopes and other debunking organizations were insufficient; Facebook’s labyrinthine sharing and privacy settings mean that fact-checks get lost in the shuffle. Often, no one would even need to click on and read the story for the headline itself to become a widely distributed talking point, repeated elsewhere online, or, sometimes, in real life. (Here’s an in-the-wild sighting of a man telling a woman that Clinton and her longtime aide Huma Abedin are lovers, based on “material that appeared to have been printed off the internet.”)
The most obvious way in which Facebook enabled a Trump victory has been its inability (or refusal) to address the problem of hoax or fake news. Fake news is not a problem unique to Facebook, but Facebook’s enormous audience, and the mechanisms of distribution on which the site relies — i.e., the emotionally charged activity of sharing, and the show-me-more-like-this feedback loop of the news feed algorithm — makes it the only site to support a genuinely lucrative market in which shady publishers arbitrage traffic by enticing people off of Facebook and onto ad-festooned websites, using stories that are alternately made up, incorrect, exaggerated beyond all relationship to truth, or all three. (To really hammer home the cyberdystopia aspect of this: A significant number of the sites are run by Macedonian teenagers looking to make some scratch.)
To some extent I’m using “Facebook” here as a stand-in for the half-dozen large and influential message boards and social-media platforms where Americans now congregate to discuss politics, but Facebook’s size, reach, wealth, and power make it effectively the only one that matters. And, boy, does it matter. At the risk of being hyperbolic, I think there are few events over the last decade more significant than the social network’s wholesale acquisition of the traditional functions of news media (not to mention the political-party apparatus). Trump’s ascendancy is far from the first material consequence of Facebook’s conquering invasion of our social, cultural, and political lives, but it’s still a bracing reminder of the extent to which the social network is able to upend existing structure and transform society — and often not for the better.
And it is, truly, vast: Something like 170 million people in North America use Facebook every day, a number that’s not only several orders of magnitude larger than even the most optimistic circulation reckonings of major news outlets but also about one-and-a-half times as many people as voted on Tuesday. Forty-four percent of all adults in the United States say they get news from Facebook, and access to to an audience of that size would seem to demand some kind of civic responsibility — an obligation to ensure that a group of people more sizable than the American electorate is not being misled. But whether through a failure of resources, of ideology, or of imagination, Facebook has seemed both uninterested in and incapable of even acknowledging that it has become the most efficient distributor of misinformation in human history.
Profit motive, on the part of Macedonians or Americans, was not the only reason to share fake news, of course — there was an obvious ideological motivation to lie to or mislead potential voters — but the fake-news industry’s commitment to “engagement” above any particular political program has given it a terrifyingly nihilistic sheen that old-fashioned propagandists never displayed. (Say what you will about ratfucking, dude, at least it’s an ethos.) And at the heart of the problem, anyway, is not the motivations of the hoaxers but the structure of social media itself. Tens of millions of people, invigorated by insurgent outsider candidates and anger at perceived political enemies, were served up or shared emotionally charged news stories about the candidates, because Facebook’s sorting algorithm understood from experience that they were seeking such stories. Many of those stories were lies, or “parodies,” but their appearance and placement in a news feed were no different from those of any publisher with a commitment to, you know, not lying. As those people and their followers clicked on, shared, or otherwise engaged with those stories — which they did, because Trump drives engagement extremely bigly — they were served up even more of them. The engagement-driving feedback loop reached the heights of Facebook itself, which shared fake news to its front page on more than one occasion after firing the small team of editorial employees tasked with passing news judgment. Flush with Trump’s uniquely passionate supporter base, Facebook’s vast, personalized sewer system has become clogged with toxic fatbergs.
Worst of all, it’s not clear there’s any remedy. The truth is that Facebook seems less malevolent here than insecure about its power, unsure of its purpose, and unclear about what its responsibilities really are. Frankly, too, I’m not sure I feel comfortable allowing Facebook’s heavy hand, which infamously censored the iconic “napalm girl” photograph, determining what is legitimate and what is illegitimate news; I feel even less comfortable ceding that determination to an algorithmic sorting mechanism as opaque as Facebook’s. Media columnist Jim Rutenberg’s suggestion in the New York Times that “[t]he cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism” is inspiring, but it seems to me that the problem we face is not a lack of journalism, good or bad, but an overwhelming abundance of it. Fake-news attacks discourse in structurally similar ways to the DDoS attacks that recently crippled internet infrastructure for a day: Hoaxes overwhelm political conversation (facts, ideas, stories) with junk, aware that the rules of the system (in this case, freedom of speech) prevent it from distinguishing from “legitimate” and “illegitimate,” and therefore from stopping the attack. An overwhelming dose of good journalism, rather than addressing or rebutting lies and hoaxes, would simply add to the cacophony; presented identically on Facebook alongside fake journalism, it would merely appear as another opinion in a swarm of them.
Of course, lies and exaggerations have always been central to real political campaigns; Facebook has simply made them easier to spread, and discovered that it suffers no particular market punishment for doing so — humans seem to have a strong bias toward news that confirms their beliefs, and environments where those beliefs are unlikely to be challenged.
Really, I’m not sure that the most significant effect of Facebook’s dominance is the way it abets the already extant spread of mis- or disinformation. Rather (and I’m cribbing here from sociologist Zeynep Tufekci and media pundit Clay Shirky) I think it’s the way it’s crowbarred open the window of acceptable political discourse, giving rise to communities and ideological alignments that would have been unable to survive in an era where information and political organization were tightly controlled by corporate publishers and Establishment political parties. Put another way, it’s not just that Facebook makes politics worse, it’s that it changes politics entirely.
For most of the 20th century, the flow of information was controlled by a relatively small number of media companies — large newspapers, and, later, the major broadcast networks. These companies were large and generally corporate, Establishment-friendly and politically centrist: They limited, mostly, the acceptable range of political opinion, because that nice middle was where advertising and subscription business models were most profitable. This limitation on the supply of information and opinion both enabled, and was enabled by, two Establishment political parties, which had effective control over political mobilization, having cobbled together unstable coalitions of voters bound by fairly tight ideological windows.
Facebook assaults both components of this power dynamic, providing the platform and audience that only news-media outlets could once command, and the organizing power that only parties once held. As then-Senator Obama understood well in 2008, the internet provides political candidates a previously unimaginable opportunity to identify, communicate with, and organize supporters — an opportunity that, significantly, exists outside the traditional party apparatus. Trump, like Obama before him, was able to connect with voters outside the more stifling confines of political-party organizing. Trump, a longtime Democrat with liberal social positions, rose to the nomination because he could express a political position — essentially, white welfare-state ethno-nationalism — that the party would once have choked off for threatening its delicate coalition of business interests and white workers.
Facebook connected those supporters to each other and to the candidate, gave them platforms far beyond what even the largest Establishment media organizations might have imagined, and allowed them to effectively self-organize outside the party structure. Who needs a GOTV database when you have millions of voters worked into a frenzy by nine months of sharing impassioned lies on Facebook, encouraging each other to participate?
Even better, Facebook allowed Trump to directly combat the hugely negative media coverage directed at him, simply by giving his campaign and its supporters another host of channels to distribute counterprogramming. This, precisely, is why more good journalism would have been unlikely to change anyone’s mind: The Post and the Times no longer have a monopoly on information about a candidate. Endless reports of corruption, venality, misogyny, and incompetence merely settle in a Facebook feed next to a hundred other articles from pro-Trump sources (if they settle into a Trump supporter’s feed at all) disputing or ignoring the deeply reported claims, or, as is often the case, just making up new and different stories.
None of this is, in particular, new; the structures of political power have been challenged frequently in the past century, mostly by the arrival of new media — radio, television, cable — that changed the scale of the audience, and, consequently, the political and social culture of the country. Every time a new medium expands the possible audience of mass media, and opens up new spaces for new voices to be heard, it upsets the delicate balances of power that rested upon the previous media structure. You know: If you thought radio changed politics, just wait till television. And if you thought television changed politics, just wait until Facebook really hits its stride. Or. Well. I guess it just did.
Scrolling through Facebook and Instagram today, I’m having a hard time remembering that it is Wednesday and the election is over and Donald Trump is going to be president, because every third post is a picture of a mother and daughter in matching pantsuits casting ballots, or a heartfelt #ImWithHer missive. These were all shared yesterday, before Clinton conceded, and I’m only seeing them now because these platforms operate on social algorithms, meaning a computerized system decided — based on my past interactions — that I would enjoy seeing the mother-daughter pantsuit pics.
If you’re feeling similarly, there are a few steps you can take to make your feeds more chronological. These aren’t totally perfect fixes — some pre-Trump posts and tweets and pictures will likely still pop up — but they’ll help if you need just a little less of a reminder of everything we lost yesterday. (You can also easily turn them back off at any point.)
On desktop, click your account avatar in the upper-right-hand corner of the screen and then click “Settings.” Next, un-check the “Show me the best Tweets first” box. On mobile, you’ll find this box in the settings under “Timeline.”
Facebook
On the left-hand side of your computer screen, find “News Feed” under your Favorites column. Next, click the small downward arrow to the right of “News Feed.” Select “Most Recent” instead of “Top Stories.” As an added tip, if any one person’s or organization’s posts are really getting to you, the “Hide Post” option in the upper-right-hand corner of each Facebook post is a good way to further control your feed.
Twitter
Unfortunately, there is no way to turn off the algorithmic timeline on Instagram — though now might be a great time for the Facebook-owned company to fix that. It’s the least they could do after all their help this election cycle. Until then, maybe just avoid the app until you’re ready.
Instagram
On any other day, that computer would be absolutely right. Feminism. Pants. Sign me up. Today, however, these posts are just a stinging reminder of a whole lot of dashed hopes for the future. And now that they’re wedged between equally heartfelt posts from mourning friends trying to suss out how the hell we move forward from here, I’d just as soon not see them. Today, that emotional juxtaposition is a little too much for me to bear.
Today was long and tiring. So in case it might help you for even the briefest of moments, here are some of Select All’s tried-and-true internet-content gems.
The infamous saga of the “NONE pizza with left beef.”
Read a story or four from the canon of davesecretaryatwork.
A Tumblr gallery devoted to nothing but photos of Oprah and produce.
Google’s been putting out hardware over the past month like iTunes puts out updates: nearly nonstop. I really like the Google Pixel phone, though thought it unlikely to win over many converts from iOS to Android. Google Home has been cool, though for me it’s more a novelty wireless speaker than an essential gadget. But Google’s Daydream View VR headset? This is the mobile VR headset I would unreservedly recommend to anyone.Why the high praise? Mobile VR (i.e., virtual reality powered by a smartphone and some sort of headset) is where I think it’s likely many will experience VR for the first time and experience “presence,” that somewhat-nebulous term used to mean the sense of actually being in a physical space. Its closest (and really only) competitor, the Samsung Gear VR, can do much of the same stuff, and if you’re using it with a Samsung S7 Edge, will compare quite evenly on pure visuals and head tracking.
So why does the Daydream leapfrog above the Gear VR? Simple: It includes a controller — and it’s a controller that makes sense in VR. When you’re using a Samsung Gear VR, you can either interact with things by looking at them long enough to select them, or by using a control pad positioned roughly around your right temple. This is not a great way to interact with, well, almost anything.
Lay out some extra cash on top of the $99 for the Gear VR itself, and you can buy a gamepad that looks an awful lot like an Xbox controller. This is perfect if you’re already a gamer, and good for playing arcade-ish shoot-‘em-ups, but it’s still my belief that for VR to succeed, it needs to do more than appeal to core gamers — it needs to make playing games so easy and casual it can pull an Angry Birds and make games that almost anyone can play without needing to know the difference between RT and RB.
The Daydream’s solution to this is to pack in a controller that essentially works as a pointing wand, with a small touchpad at the top. It is a much better way to interact with the world while being strapped into a VR headset, where you can’t see the outside world. You point at something, or swing the wand like a golf putter, or tilt it around to move things. It’s intuitive and natural — the same way nearly anyone could play a game of Wii Tennis. I could give my parents this thing and have them up and running within a few minutes, playing games or watching some of the (quite impressive) 4K VR videos already up on YouTube. There’s no way either of them would be able to do the same as quickly with a Samsung Gear, especially if I gave them a game controller with more buttons than they have fingers.
There are some other nice touches as well. Your phone automatically recognizes the Daydream and communicates with it wirelessly instead of the Gear VR’s somewhat awkward plugin procedure. The headset is plush and decidedly non-gamerish, looking more like a piece of athleisure clothing than something on the cutting edge of how we interact with stuff inside computers, which is an odd but appealing choice. The area where the headset hits your face is softer as well, which matters when you have something strapped to your face by an elastic band for a good bit a time.
There are some downsides. First off, much like the Samsung Gear VR, it doesn’t include “positional tracking,” meaning while you can turn your head and look up and down, if you lean forward or to the side, those movements won’t register with the headset. It’s a break in overall experience that can snap you out of whatever you’re doing — and something mobile headsets will have to find a way to fix before they can really compare with their higher-end brethren.
Second, the only phones that currently support the Daydream are the Pixel and the Pixel XL, both high-end phones. Unlike the Samsung Gear VR, which can only be used with Samsung phones, the Daydream platform will be open to anyone who meets certain minimum specs, and (per Google) handsets from Motorola, Samsung, HTC, ZTE, Huawei, Xiaomi, Alcatel, Asus, LG, and HTC are all coming that will run Daydream. But it does mean that while the Daydream ($79) is cheaper than the Gear VR ($99), right now you’ll also need a handset that starts at $649 to fully use it. Finally, while the headset is more comfortable than the Gear VR, I still found it uncomfortable to wear for longer than about 45 minutes. Part of this may be that I wear glasses, which places added pressure on my nose, but part of this is any headset that puts weight directly on the area around your eyes is uncomfortable to wear for an extended period. Add in that the Daydream causes the phone to kick off a tremendous amount of heat, and I doubt I would want to wear this thing for longer than an hour, max.
The bottom line: If you’re thinking about getting a Pixel or Pixel XL (or already have one) and are at all curious about VR, buy this. You can use it nearly anywhere (though, as I discovered, if you use it at work your co-workers will mock and creepshot you, as happens to all people looking cool while using hip new tech gadgets; it’s our burden). It’s more comfortable and more fun to use than the competition. And while it may not be the great leap forward in VR a lot of people are waiting for, it’s now one of the best VR headsets out there — no wires needed.
Finally, the Daydream (at least the version I was using before launch) suffered from a paucity of games and things to do. One of the things prominently featured, the Wall Street Journal VR, is uh, an interesting failure at best: You sit in Manhattan high-rise that looks like something out of Second Life and either read WSJ articles on a floating pane in front of you, watch some very grainy VR documentary films, or look at stock prices in a kind of of glowing skyscraper grid that is very William Gibson–esque but not really a great way to get a handle on the market. I’m sure more will be available once the platform opens up to the public, but if you buy this on day one you may find yourself poking around, looking for stuff to do.
Earlier this year, Instagram rolled out Instagram Stories, an ephemeral photo- and video-sharing feature that felt like a carbon copy of Snapchat. But today, the app announced a new feature that sets it apart from its competitor. Users can now tag their friends from within a particular story, using their Instagram handles.
To use this new feature, just type the handle like you normally would to caption a picture or video in your Insta Story. “Mentioning people in stories works the same as it does in captions and comments,” Instagram explained on its blog. “When you add text to your story, type ’@’ followed by a username and select the person you’d like to mention. Their username will appear underlined in your story. And when someone taps the mention, they’ll see a pop-up that takes them to that profile.” If someone tags you in their story, you’ll receive a notification. If you don’t follow them, the notification will go into your message requests.
Other new features from Instagram today include the ability to use Boomerang — Instagram’s short-looping video app — directly within the app and new “See More Links” option. Verified accounts will now be able to embed links readers can swipe, directing viewers to other websites. All in, it’s an exciting day for Instagram, which finally seems to be trying to differentiate itself from Snapchat.
After months of speculation, Snapchat formally announced its smart glasses, Spectacles, back in September. Since then, the company has been relatively mum on when the $130 hardware would be available to the public. “Soon,” Snapchat said to anybody who asked. “Soon.” Well, turns out “soon” meant today. This morning, the company started selling the glasses from a bright-yellow vending machine.
The machine, called a Snapbot, looks something like a giant Minion and will be in its given location for only 24 hours; it landed this morning near Snapchat’s California headquarters, in Venice. There’s a map on the Spectacles website with the Snapbot’s location, but it’s fairly vague. If you’re going to track down a pair today, you’ll need a decent working knowledge of the area (or, hint-hint, a program with a 3-D map of buildings in the area). It’s unclear how many pairs of glasses are available in the machine or how quickly they’ll sell out. Buyers will be able to “try on” the glasses at the machine before buying them, using a Snap filter which puts a digital version of the glasses over the buyer’s face, the Verge reports.
If you want a pair, Snap Inc. has said the Snapbots are going to be the only way to get ahold of Spectacles. Here’s hoping they show up in New York City soon. Otherwise, would anybody in the Venice area mind picking me up a pair? Preferably in black. I’ll Venmo you!
Meanwhile, not to be outdone, Snapchat secretly started selling its smart glasses, Spectacles, today, from a single, mysterious vending machine in California.
Rusty Wiles is not like other photographers. He’s a firefighter. After seeing a friend’s Instagram account and deciding to try it himself, Wiles discovered his passion for taking photos. From the vivid, color-blocked hues to his appreciation of shadows and geometry, Wiles’s ability to capture the stunning simplicity in his daily surroundings is astonishing. And the internet agrees.
Donald Trump and Barack Obama met today for the first time. The two men sat in the Oval Office for an hour and a half, according to the Associated Press, and Trump looks forward to seeking more “counsel” from Obama in the future. We can only hope this is true.
Thiel’s support of Trump had always been an outlier in the overwhelmingly liberal consumer tech industry, and he has rightly faced pressure from activists over his support of Trump, whose campaign implicitly endorsed and emboldened racists and misogynists and xenophobes. There have been repeated calls for companies like Facebook, on whose board he sits, and the startup incubator Y Combinator, where he’s a part-time partner, to distance themselves from Thiel. (One gets the impression that Thiel loves this. His statements have repeatedly conjured up the image of Tina Fey “high-fiving a million angels” as a loud crowd boos.)
The answer he eventually gave, in a stilted speech in Washington, D.C., was none of the above. Thiel genuinely liked and supported the candidate. Like most Trump supporters, Thiel responded to broad rhetoric about the country being broken, about the power of outsiders. It was silly (and self-contradictory) enough that we called him a crank.
While stunned Democratic voters in the heavily liberal tech industry try to acclimate themselves to four years of a Trump presidency, at least one person is feeling pretty good: Peter Thiel, the Facebook billionaire who loudly and expensively stood by his candidate despite the opprobrium and scorn of his peers. This afternoon, the Huffington Post is reporting that Thiel is even being considered to lead Trump’s transition team, replacing Chris Christie.
It’s just the latest in a string of ominous successes for Thiel, who earlier this year admitted that he was funding a lawsuit against the blog network Gawker Media — the same lawsuit that would ultimately bankrupt the company and its founder and shut down the flagship site. Last month, at a moment when it seemed unlikely Trump would ever reach the White House, Thiel announced a $1.25 million donation to his chosen candidate. At the time, it seemed to the press like a bafflingly silly decision made by a Silicon Valley crackpot; now, it looks like an inauspicious sign that Peter Thiel’s presence in our political and cultural life isn’t going to go away.
But, of course, cranks can be billionaires — they can even be president — and with billions of dollars comes the material power that demands, if not respect, then wary attention. We now live in a post-election world in which Trump will be president, and in which Thiel’s donation to Trump was a prescient investment, rather than baffling self-sabotage. “I’ll try to help the president in any way I can,” Thiel told the New York Times. He declined to elaborate further on his vision, though he said he would have no formal role, did not aspire to the Supreme Court, and would continue to reside in California. (At least, until seasteading becomes viable.) But with Thiel’s positions of power in astronomical data-mining operations like Facebook and Palantir (a major government contractor), and his various investments in education, we should pay very close attention to where and how Trump and Thiel overlap.
Thiel’s Facebook board seat, and position at Y Combinator, was safe, however, in part because his Trump donation seemed to be seen more as a curiosity than a real threat. Silicon Valley has been ascendant for the last ten years, supported and touted by a Democratic president whose liberal views on tech-industry issues like immigration were part of a friendly environment that allowed its software to “eat the world.” While Thiel’s support of Trump might be distasteful, it was also difficult for his peers to take seriously. Not only was it hard to believe that Trump could win, but Thiel himself is gay, as he proudly proclaimed at the Republican National Convention earlier this year, and an immigrant. What did he see in the candidate that others couldn’t? Was he currying political favor? Was he sowing the seeds of a future run for office? Was he positioning himself as a primary force among the so-called alt-right?
In some ways, Thiel’s choosing not to engage in Washington directly is a more menacing prospect for liberals. He and Trump are aligned in their belief that the liberal media is vicious and deserves to be curtailed, that outlets like Gawker should be sued out of existence, buried in untenable paperwork and legal costs. A Peter Thiel empowered by Trump’s victory and his successful campaign against Gawker, one who’s suffered no ill effect on his finances or on his relationships with his industry peers, is one we all might be wary of.
But we might be more scared of what comes after Peter Thiel. For the most part, tech’s class of billionaires has been philanthropically inoffensive, if not always effective, focusing money on education, immigration, and, uh, curing all diseases. This philanthropic focus has, in turn, made Silicon Valley largely well-regarded outside the tech world. Thiel would appear to be — and would appear to delight in being — the first overnight billionaire to put his money toward causes deeply opposed by his community. And he’s demonstrated that this model of activism — of a billionaire putting small fractions of his unprecedented net worth behind active political efforts to shut down hostile media outlets and elect xenophobes — works, with no downside. The tech industry is creating new billionaires every year. How many of them are going to be Bill Gates, and how many will be Peter Thiels?
Naturally, the sight of these two guys — one of whom, among other things, fanned the flames of an insane movement to convince the nation that the other wasn’t really a citizen — sitting down in one of the most powerful offices in the world was, at best, something to behold. And as the old saying goes, a picture is worth a thousand memes. Here are some of our favorites.
How’s your day going? Good? Okay? Pretty much terrible? For the last one, here’s a 32-second video of a woman rocking some Golden State Warriors knitwear and dancing at a basketball game this week, which might lift your spirits for a half a minute. A full one, if you watch it twice, like I did.
Here is Paul McCartney doing the Mannequin Challenge, the viral trend where people stay frozen in place. Paul — who is a living legend and the genius behind much of the Beatles discography and “Jet” — is participating in the meme, I assume, in the hopes that it will reverse the effects of aging.
He is also doing it because many of the other mannequin videos are set to Rae Sremmurd’s “Black Beatles.” Paul is one of those things.
In the video, Paul is playing the piano with one hand while simultaneously watching a balloon float away. Congratulations, Paul. Good job.
I don’t know who she is. Maybe she’s a plant or perhaps just a die-hard fan. (She performed a similar stunt at a game back in April.) But at any rate, her moves are smooth as heck and we should all aspire to be so coordinated.
Facebook may bear some responsibility for Donald Trump’s election to the presidency, but it can still be a reassuringly heartwarming place. Take Margot Gerster’s most recent post: Feeling dejected over the election, New Yorker Gerster decided to take her daughter and dog for a walk in the woods in Chappaqua, New York, today. “I’ve been feeling so heartbroken since yesterday’s election and decided what better way to relax than take my girls hiking,” Gerster wrote. But instead of just finding some temporary peace in nature, Gerster wound up running into Hillary Clinton.
Gerster’s post has only been up a little over two hours and has already been liked more than 2,000 times and counting. Excuse me, while I hop the next Metro-North to White Plains to go hiking in the hopes of also hugging and thanking Mrs. Clinton.
Blac Chyna, star of Rob & Chyna, gave birth to a daughter, Dream, with fiancé Rob Kardashian today. But before the birth, she found time to do the only logical thing for a mother-to-be in 2016 … film a #MannequinChallenge video. Featuring Kris Jenner, a shaky Rob, several hospital staffers, and Chyna complete with hospital gown and legs spread on the delivery table, the video is nothing short of an artistic masterpiece.
Welcome to the world, Dream. Just think about how not embarrassing this will all seem when you are a teenager.
Advertisers have a dozen reasons to purchase ads on Facebook, but the foundational pitch, the one that’s allowed Facebook to outpace all newspapers, combined, in advertising revenue, is this: The Facebook News Feed is influential. That is, as Facebook tells its potential clients, the average user, who spends 20 minutes a day scrolling through a custom-tailored and exactingly targeted News Feed, is likely to buy things that appear in that News Feed. There’s some evidence that this is true; further, Facebook itself has done some (extremely shady and manipulative) research into how the composition of a given user’s News Feed affects that user’s mood. It also just makes intuitive sense. The truth is that Facebook, as a business, just doesn’t make sense unless you believe that its most profitable product, the News Feed, is influential.
So it was odd to hear Mark Zuckerberg essentially say the opposite last night at the Techonomy conference, as Will Oremus reported in Slate:
Zuckerberg is arguing against a straw man, here; no one I’ve seen has argued that “the only reason someone could have voted the way they did is because they saw fake news.” It was a close election — a few hundred thousand votes would have swung it to Clinton — and close elections tend to be the product of multiple and difficult-to-unravel factors. It seems hard to argue that Facebook wasn’t one of those factors. Fake news wouldn’t even need to do anything as challenging or specific as transform Clinton voters to Trump voters to have changed the outcome of the election: Emotionally charged fake news could have galvanized Trump voters and ensured high turnout; or its scale and volume could have drowned out (or offered false counterweight to) the rigorously reported mainstream-media stories about Trump’s greed, corruption, and mendacity.
In the wake of Trump’s election there’s been a lot of discussion of “bubbles.” Maybe the media is in a bubble that prevented it from seeing the depth of support Trump could maintain in the Rust Belt. Maybe Midwesterners are in a bubble that stokes racism and xenophobia and fear of difference. One particularly opaque bubble seems to be that from which the titans of social media are observing their platforms. Here’s Jack Dorsey, founder and CEO of Twitter, in the days following Trump’s election:
Let’s get to it: Today’s sale on a certified refurbished Kindle Paperwhite for $79.99 is a deal you should jump on. Amazon rarely does price drops for anything in the Kindle line, and normally the the Kindle Paperwhite runs $119.99. For $40 more, you can grab a certified refurbished Kindle Voyage for $119.99 (it normally runs for $199.99), which is essentially the same as the Paperwhite but adds a dedicated button to turn pages — a small quality-of-life improvement that’s handy when you’re deep into your book.
I’ve ordered Amazon’s certified refurbished stuff in the past (including my current Kindle), and it hasn’t bitten me in the ass so far. Things come to the door looking like new, and with a 90-day warranty. And, really, this is Amazon, so if something does go on the fritz after that 90 days you can usually, if you’re willing to talk to a couple of people, get them them to resolve your problem for you. Amazon, in my experience, errs on the side of keeping the customer long-term over shafting you for a few extra dollars in the short-term.
I read far more now than I did before, and reading something massive on the subway, like the latest Neal Stephenson or the Penguin History of the World, now isn’t a nightmare. (The fact that I can also read my dork fantasy and sci-fi novels without shame is an added bonus.) The ability to add RSS feeds for newspapers and magazines is great. The battery lasts for a month, easy, and usually a bit more. The Paperwhite’s backlight means I can read at night in a dark room without disturbing my wife after she’s fallen asleep. But the Kindle’s real killer feature? It’s an e-reader and nothing else — I can’t bop off to check Twitter or my email or the dozens of other small temptations that pop up while I’m using the Kindle app on my phone.
I was a holdout on e-readers for years — the smell of books, the look and feel of print, the satisfying progress of pages read stacking up underneath your left hand, et cetera — but after giving in, I’d now say the Kindle is one of the best gadgets I own.
The Paperwhite is the best value e-reader out there — it gives you everything you need, nothing more. So $80 for a Paperwhite is a hell of a deal that I’d be jumping on right now if I didn’t already have one sitting in my bag right now. Amazon’s also holding an overall sale on a bunch of certified refurbished stuff, including an Amazon Echo for $119.99 (down from $179.99). Good day to stock up any Amazon hardware you may have been eyeing. Heads up: If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. We don’t recommend anything we wouldn’t buy ourselves (or in this case, have already bought for ourselves).
Now, USA Today is reporting that Facebook will no longer allow advertisers to exclude audiences by race on ads concerning housing, credit, and employment. They will also provide educational materials to make sure that advertisers do not use their platform in an illegal manner.
Last month, ProPublica revealed that Facebook’s advertising tools let users exclude audiences based on their “ethnic affinity,” which is semantically different from race but not in any meaningful way. In doing so, it was potentially making it easy for advertisers to violate civil rights and housing laws, which make it illegal to target specific audiences based on their race.
This month, officials from the Department of Housing and Urban Development began looking into Facebook’s practices. It appears that their inquiry did the trick.
Since Donald Trump was elected on Tuesday evening, reports of harassment, bullying, and racist graffiti have trickled out across the country. Burned pride flags in Rochester, New York. A student handing out “deportation letters” to classmates in California. Trump’s name scrawled across the door of a Muslim prayer room in New York City. Swastikas spray-painted on store windows in South Philly. And now, a student at the University of Pennsylvania reports that black freshmen have been targeted and added to a GroupMe (group texting app) entitled “Nigger Lynching.”
“Unacceptable,” Dorsey writes about reports of politically motivated harassment and abuse, on the network he founded, so memorably described by a former employee on BuzzFeed as “a honeypot for assholes.” If Dorsey believes such abuse is unacceptable, where has he been for the last ten years? Twitter’s marauding bands of misogynist, racist, and anti-Semitic trolls have become so notorious — and so much worse since the launch of the Trump campaign last year — that the harassment problem caused at least two suitors to walk away from an opportunity to buy the company.
Now, you can’t blame social-media CEOs for denying their products are being used for (or are, in fact, incentivizing!) misinformation and harassment campaigns, any more than you can blame the arms-manufacturer CEOs for slapping “guns don’t kill people, people do” stickers on the buttstocks of their AR-15s. And it’s true that there isn’t really an easy solution for either Twitter or Facebook that doesn’t also create concerns about speech and press protections.
The student, Calvary Rogers, shared a post on Facebook earlier today, where it has already been shared by over 3,000 people in just two hours. In the post, which was screenshotted and shared to Twitter by activist and New York Daily News writer Shaun King, Rogers explains that he spent the morning talking with a vice-provost at Penn after he discovered the group. “I stared an administrator in the eye and literally lost it. And quite honestly I just can’t stop crying,” Rogers wrote. “I feel sick to my stomach. I don’t feel safe.”
Since then, the president of the University of Pennsylvania, Amy Gutmann, has published a statement explaining that the school is investigating the origin of the group, calling it “repugnant” and “horrible.”
It’s always a good idea to take what you read on Facebook with a grain of salt, but that’s doubly true today: If you click to some of your friends’ profiles, you might see a notification up top saying that they’re dead, like I saw here:
But your friend isn’t dead! Well, probably not. This seems to be a wide-ranging bug and it’s unclear where it’s coming from. One possibility that’s being floated is that it has something to do with all the grief and condolence language being posted in the wake of the election. But there seems to be a weird inconsistency in who is seeing what: Some people who are posting bemusedly about how they have been declared dead do not show up that way once you click on their profile.
Whatever’s happening, it seems to go all the way to the top:
RIP, Zuck, at least until you get the bug sorted out. We’ve put in an email to Facebook’s PR folks and will update this post if they respond.
But if you lead a revolution, at some point you’re going to have to govern. Zuckerberg and Dorsey have created tools that legitimately changed the world, and not always for the worse. But in so doing they’ve also eliminated the physical and cultural structures — from establishment-newspaper dominance to the primacy of face-to-face interaction — that helped keep harassment, abuse, and misinformation to a smaller minimum. Now that the world is changed, it’s up to them to ensure that the best values of the past endure. They could start by at least acknowledging the problem.
The tech industry, and especially its social-media sector, has always been excited about its potential for revolutionary change — in some cases, quite literally. But its brightest lights — the founders and CEOs — seem reluctant to acknowledge the consequences of those changes. Do they even use the services they’ve created? The fact is that Zuckerberg and Dorsey are both too famous, in real life and especially on their own platforms, to ever have a regular user experience. When you lead a company and have millions of followers, you’re unlikely to be having enjoyable semi-private conversations that get crashed by abusive strangers, or to spend enough time scrolling through your News Feed that you start coming across clear lies shared by friends and family.
Update: Gizmodo now reports that Facebook fixed the bug, but that at first this fix appeared to, um, accidentally list people who had actually died as alive. But at the present moment, the tech blog reports, “It appears the living are back to being alive, and the dead are once again resting.”
Update 11/11/16, 5:30 p.m.: An earlier version of this story mistakenly labeled the group as a Facebook group instead of a GroupMe group.
Over the weekend, thousands of people hit the streets in New York City, marching from Union Square to Trump Tower in protest of the new president-elect. Among them was Jim Crocamo, a New York man whose red hat and darkly funny cardboard sign caught the attention of those around him, and subsequently caught the attention of the internet, where thousands of people have retweeted, liked, and shared photos of him marching. Today, Select All checked in with Crocamo to find out more about the origin story of his now meme-famous sign and what’s next for the viral protester.
Okay, first can you tell me a little bit about yourself?
How are you feeling after the election?
Pretty devastated. I am not prone to being doom-and-gloomy, and even though I recognized that it was deeply disturbing that Donald Trump was actually the Republican nominee and continued to have support, despite, well, literally everything that’s ever come out of his mouth, I just really did not think he had a chance at winning. I was in shock.
Can you tell me a little bit more about the photo itself? Who took it and where were you?
So the responses were positive?
I’m 39, married, a librarian, and have been living in NYC for 15 years. I lived in north Brooklyn until a few years ago, when we moved to Queens, which is THE BEST. I love it.
People loved it! Lots of people took pictures, I got high fives and fist bumps, one lady had her boyfriend take a picture of her with me — she must have sensed my impending memehood. Early on in the march I was noticing that people were really responding to it, and it seemed to be cheering people up, and that’s when it occurred to me that I was actually being useful in a way. People just had a truly messed-up week, so many of them are depressed or feel hopeless and scared. So making people laugh was nice.
Any thoughts on becoming a meme?
I feel truly fortunate that I became a meme for doing something funny on purpose and not for something like falling off of a stage while stomping on grapes and making a crazy noise. Also if anyone wants to make a GIF where sunglasses descend on me in that pic and make the sign say GEEZ WITH IT I wouldn’t be mad.
What is your action plan now that you are a officially a sign guy?
Guess I better start brainstorming? Although being a one-sign wonder wouldn’t be so bad. I would be okay with being the Baha Men of protest-sign guys.
Anything else we should know?
Just a preemptive “Yes, I voted,” and “No, George Soros is not paying me.”
Donald Trump won the election last week, but he did not win the popular vote. For the fifth time in United States’ history, the president-elect will take office despite the fact that more people in the country voted for his opponent. (As mail-in votes and absentee ballots are counted, the popular vote gap between Clinton and Trump only continues to widen.) But if you Google to find that out, the top hit tells a very different and factually incorrect story. Search “final election results” and the number one result is a fake-news piece from a WordPress blog called 70News proclaiming in all caps that Trump won both votes in the election.
The piece itself offers up “final” tallies from the election — not possible given votes are still being counted — and explains “anyone asking where I got the figures, it was from Twitter posts.” Specifically, a Twitter post sourced from a factually shaky at best website called USA Supreme.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is rightfully facing scrutiny (and condemnation) over his company’s role in the 2016 presidential election, during which his vast global information-distribution network became home to a torrent of hoaxes, misinformation, exaggerations, and outright lies. Facebook cannot and should not be considered the single reason for Donald Trump’s triumph, but it’s also hard to imagine that the social network — on which 44 percent of Americans read news — is blameless. It would, after all, be tantamount to admitting that Facebook has no influence over the users it is attempting to sell to advertisers.
The 70News post also cites older, now-incorrect numbers from Sunday from CNN, where Clinton is now leading Trump in the popular vote count.
Fake and hoax news has been a problem throughout this election cycle, though largely on Facebook, where social sharing and algorithmic recommendations have turned fake news into a small but booming business, and seem likely to have helped Donald Trump galvanize support. For its part, Google has largely managed to avoid the fake-news problem. Until today. A Google spokesperson says the company is looking into the problem; until then, might we recommended checking out the second search result, a Snopes debunking of the popular vote in the 2016 election.
On what feels like the most Monday of Mondays in a long time, one hero has emerged from the ever-churning meme wheels of the internet to lift our spirits: Joe Biden. Specifically, a new meme format where you take a picture of Joe and Barack Obama palling around — in the Oval Office, at a Shake Shack, doing the Electric Slide — and write up an imaginary conversation between the two, where Obama shoots down Biden’s plans to troll Trump.
Still, Zuckerberg insists that the fake news doesn’t matter. “Personally I think the idea that fake news on Facebook, which is a very small amount of the content, influenced the election in any way — I think is a pretty crazy idea.”
But even then, Zuckerberg has insisted that Facebook is not responsible. Following reports about anxiety within the company after the election, Zuckerberg crafted a lengthy statement about the company’s role in a Facebook status. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes,” he asserted. Maybe this is true — Facebook is reticent to give further detail about its precious proprietary data — but the proportion of posts that are fake is not the issue. The issue is that the fake news is being amplified and distributed at a disproportionate rate, programmatically via the News Feed algorithm.
He has used this line — that Facebook is but a mere humble tech platform — in the past. Five years ago, he claimed Facebook did not have a role in the Arab Spring. “My own opinion is that it would be extremely arrogant for any specific tech company to claim ay meaningful role in those,” he said in 2011. It’s a shrewd move, using humility as a means of deflection.
Zuckerberg, for his part, insists that Facebook bears no responsibility at all for the election results. One of his arguments is that fake news on either side of the aisle essentially cancelled itself out: “Why would you think there would be fake news on one side and not the other?” he asked last week at the Techonomy conference. But according to a new report from Gizmodo, Facebook itself is intimately aware that fake and misleading news is largely a problem with right-wing news sites, and not their left-wing counterparts — and, in fact, that fear of alienating those right-wing sites might have scared the company away from implementing tools to deal with harassment:
That any attempt to stem the tide of fake news on Facebook would affect the conservative media more than any other sector is not news to anyone who’s been paying attention over the last several decades: As we argued in August, the connection between fake news and conservative-leaning news on Facebook is intrinsic and substantial.
And further down:
But looking at Facebook’s public messaging to its investors betrays the company’s actual ambition to become the filter through which everyone uses the internet (an ambition that it has largely already succeeded at). From a 2012 letter to investors, just as Facebook was going public:
Hmm. Prescient!
On Sunday, a 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocked New Zealand. Two people have been reported dead, and the quake significantly damaged several highways and railroads, BBC reports. The quake also left three very pathetic-looking cows stranded on a small patch of grass that did not sink into the ground during the quake, near the town of Kaikoura on New Zealand’s South Island.
In case you needed some more depressing news this week, it is unclear how or when the trio will be rescued, Time reports. Good luck to both the country and the cows.
Facebook denied the allegations in a statement, saying:
(The caveat of “based on their potential impact on any one political party” is important here. The statement does not specifically deny the existence of a scrapped feature to lessen the spread of fake news. It only denies the reasoning.)
This piece has been updated with a statement from Facebook.
On the eve of the presidential election, Barack Obama said that Facebook’s accommodation of “outright lies” creates a “dust cloud of nonsense.” At a tech conference Thursday, Mark Zuckerberg sort of replied, saying that “voters make decisions based on their lived experience,” and that it’s “a pretty crazy idea” to think that fake news shared on Facebook “influenced the election in any way.” In a Facebook post published late Saturday, Zuckerberg clarified his position, saying that 99 percent of what people share is “authentic” — whatever that means — and that only a “very small amount is fake news and hoaxes.” He maintained that it’s “extremely unlikely” the hoaxes swung the outcome, while also admitting that, yes, there’s room to improve.
“I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth ourselves,” he wrote. “We hope to have more to share soon, although this work often takes longer than we’d like in order to confirm changes we make won’t introduce unintended side effects or bias into the system.”
If Facebook does want to cure its disinformation illnesses, there are plenty of places to start. After talking with a range of media and information scholars, we have a few recommendations.
Take responsibility as a publisher.
The underlying message, though, is that Facebook still considers itself an objective platform. It is one of the deeper ironies of 2016 that Facebook’s understanding of what a commitment to impartiality means has helped to fan the flames of hyperpartisanship, given the “filter bubble” of perspective-validating content that the algorithm is built to encourage, and the “ideological media” that has flourished within that space — with the most flagrant example being Macedonian teens churning out pro-Trump content for clicks and cash. If you have no commitment to truth, it’s a genius strategy: Just one viral hit can keep such a site afloat — not unlike other clickbait news models — and no original reporting is required, offering low overhead and big scale. It all adds to the muddiness of the News Feed, says American University digital-media scholar Deen Freelon: Some posts are outright falsehoods, others are quotes or events taken out of context, someone blurring the line between fact and opinion, and sometimes reputable news orgs get a fact wrong — should they be banned? “It’s an epistemological slurry of information,” Freelon says, “where it’s hard to disentangle truth from falsehood.” And behold, fake news turns into trending stories.
What confounds the mystery is how close to the vest Facebook plays the News Feed and its operating algorithm, a harsh mistress that’s crushed a publisher or two. While Facebook-employed researchers have claimed that it doesn’t have a filter bubble problem (in the journal Science, no less!), independent academics have, in the estimation of University of Southern California researcher Mike Ananny, “persuasively debunked” the finding, citing to unrepresentative sampling and other methodological hand-waving. “The real answer is that we don’t know [the scale of disinformation] because Facebook is not an open platform that makes its data, people, and algorithms available to researchers,” he explained in an email. “We either have to make intelligent guesses, reverse-engineer their systems, or trust the research that they publish on themselves. None of these options is satisfying.”
The first step, as they say, is admitting you have a problem. The company line from Facebook is that it’s a “platform,” not a publisher. A tech company, not a media company. As University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee internet-ethics scholar Michael Zimmer tells Select All, the company isn’t a neutral information conveyer with no obligation regarding content. “That might work for an old-school phone provider, who simply puts up telephone poles and connects the wires,” he says. “But Facebook is deeply involved in the curation of content — whether from advertising partners, preferred news organizations, or its own algorithmic determinations of what shows up on one’s news feed — and they can’t now try to claim they have no complicity in how information — whether true or false — is disseminated through the network.” Indeed, as a Reuters investigation in October surfaced, the company receives over a million content complaints a day that get routed to content-policing teams in Hyderabad, Austin, Dublin, and Menlo Park. Meanwhile, an elite group of senior executives directs “content policy” and makes editorial decisions, like unbanning iconic war photojournalism. “Facebook has decided it wants to be in the business of what people see and don’t,” says Freelon. “Once you make that decision, you’re a publisher. You’re in the business of gatekeeping.”
Hire people with editorial and sociological backgrounds, and give them a voice.
Design for crowdsourcing.
If Facebook does want to tackle the fake-news problem, says Annany, it will need to bring back and expand the human editorial teams, and partner product managers and engineers with people with editorial expertise. Another important step, he says, would be to create a public editor position, similar to the role at the New York Times — someone who acts as a liaison between readers (or users) and the organization itself.
In May, a Gizmodo investigation reported that “news curators” of the trending topics field routinely suppressed conservative news, a report that led to ditching humans for algorithms for that job. Follow-up reporting indicated that Facebook shelved an update that would preclude more fake news because it “disproportionately impacted right-wing news sites by downgrading or removing that content from people’s feeds,” according to Gizmodo’s Michael Nuñez.
The News Feed itself could be better designed to indicate whether or not a post might be, as a philosopher would say, bullshit: stories that are old or debunked by FactCheck or Snopes could be labeled as such, says Annany. After all, one of the problems is that a fact-check never gets as shared as much as an original hoax.
Make the algorithm more transparent. Maybe.
Rather than only relying on top-down “curation,” Facebook could enlist the help of its many users to identify the worst runoff from the informational slurry. It could be similar to how YouTube monitors content, says Michael Zimmer, the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee ethicist: create a system that lets users flag disinformation. Then, after a threshold of complaints is reached, an employee could look at the story. But “while YouTube typically removes information flagged as offensive by users, Facebook could actually just employ some kind of icon that warns users that this information might be false,” says. “That way, Zuckerberg’s ideal of letting the information stay on the platform is maintained, but the spread of disinformation might be slowed, or at least made known.” Judging from the content-oversight system that the company already has in place and Zuckerberg’s teasing that the company will “find ways for our community to tell us” about “meaningful” content, that seems like a likely direction forward.
Through the friends you have, the things you click on, and many other factors, Facebook builds a filter bubble around you. But there’s no way of knowing how you’re being sorted. The most shocking case came out thanks to a ProPublica investigation, showing that advertisers could use “ethnic affinity” to exclude users by race. If the algorithm were made more transparent, then users “could understand the kind of profile that was being built around them, how it was sequestering them into a certain space in its platform,” says University of California, Los Angeles, information scientist Safiya Umoja Noble. Users are already being sorted, so why not let them have explicit agency in the process?
Another way to say this is “newsfeed personalization”: rather than having what you see surreptitiously constructed by Facebook, you could turn on filters against disinformation or for vetted news sources, similar to what Instant Articles already does. This way, the settings can be more explicit, rather than automatically, and “objectively,” being totally delivered by an overarching algorithm.
Since the internet isn’t a limited spectrum and Facebook doesn’t have a complete monopoly, there isn’t a precedent for any sort of governmental regulation. Except for the case of defamation, says Zimmer, disinformation itself is constitutionally protected speech. The best you can hope for, he says, is that the company could be pressured into being more transparent about how it organizes feeds. But not even that is a guarantee, since Facebook could just maintain that the algorithm is a trade secret — the same reason, he says, Google doesn’t have to open up about how its search engine works. While it may serve the public good, it isn’t a public institution, so regulation, if it were to happen, would come slowly. The Electronic Frontier Foundation’s Jillian York wrote in an email that if the company doesn’t take responsibility for disinformation, regulation will be inevitable. “Honestly, it doesn’t look good to me,” she said. “Mark Zuckerberg’s latest statement shows he clearly doesn’t understand the gravity of the situation, and the role of Facebook in most people’s lives.”
But the “epistemological slurry” presents a problem here, too. Like pornography, disinformation is something that you know when you see it, and beyond the most egregious fake news, it’s hard to systematically sort purposeful disinformation from the merely misinformed. (Just ask Google.) Beyond that, to take action is to risk being called biased: According to the Gizmodo report, Facebook passed on fighting fake news because it feared conservative backlash. “They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news,” an anonymous source said to Gizmodo, adding that “there was a lot of fear about upsetting conservatives after Trending Topics.”
Another day, another priceless piece of art ruined in the name of taking a sick selfie. Last week, a tourist in the National Museum of Ancient Art, in Lisbon, demolished a statue of Saint Michael. The statue, which dated back to the 18th century, was broken beyond repair, according to museum officials. No word on whether or not charges will be pressed or if the selfie turned out well. Though, UPI reports the tourist allegedly posted the photo on Facebook, so we can only hope it got an acceptable number of likes.
In case you also have a Google alert set for “Selfie Taker Damages Priceless Art in Lisbon,” this incident might sound familiar. Back in May, a different tourist broke a different statue in Lisbon, this one a 126-year-old rendering of Portuguese “child king” Dom Sebastian. If anyone has any insight as to why Portugal seems to be a hub for selfie-inflicted art damage, please let me know before this epidemic gets any worse.
In the wake of Donald Trump’s upset victory, everyone is looking for a place to lay the blame. There’s the Democratic leadership, FBI director James Comey, Facebook, racist voters, and literal Nazis. And then there’s the suggestion that Russia hacked the election. Articles at least a month old about the cybersecurity of America’s electoral system are beginning to recirculate as people cast suspicious glances toward the Eastern Bloc.
The first thing to note is that any large internet presence (Microsoft, Google, government infrastructure, DNS providers) is going to be a continual hacking target. Hackers often scan servers for vulnerabilities and open ports. Doing so requires them to send a signal to their intended target. The mere presence of a ping does not automatically indicate an actual data breach. It signifies an attempt. It’s like turning a doorknob to see whether or not it’s locked.
There is, as of now, no evidence that any voting systems were compromised on Election Day, merely speculation and theorizing. The speculation that Russia literally hacked into our voting system and added millions of fake ballots to swing the election is Hollywood fiction. As we said last week, the easiest, most effective way to swing a vote is through the coordinated release of damaging information, such as the DNC hack likely committed by Russia. We should be wary of foreign governments attempting to influence our elections, but it’s never going to be as simple as exclaiming, “We were hacked!” The trick is to understand precisely how.
Of course, maybe voter-registration data was compromised. There is a lot of useful insight be gleaned from voter-registration data, personal information that can be used for things like identity theft. But it’s important to be specific here: Targeting voter registries, and harvesting the information of registered voters, is not the same as hacking an election. They’re both concerning, but not identical. The type of breaches described in these older, reinvigorated reports is more akin to the gargantuan hack of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, suspected to be the work of Chinese state actors. That hack contained vast amounts of intelligence that foreign actors could use as leverage elsewhere. Voter registrations are highly concentrated stores of American personal data.
One CNN article, from October 12, highlights a few election-related breaches that exposed the personal data of voters in Florida, Illinois, and Arizona. Another report from late September by the Associated Press cited Homeland Security sources who said that the voter-registration systems in more than 20 states had been targeted.
For some reason, I don’t have high hopes that Mike Pence will provide us with the same amount of internet joy over the next four years. Enjoy the memes while you still can.
This isn’t the first time Joe Biden has cracked us up during his tenure in the White House. During Obama’s first speech following Trump’s win last week, Biden provided some much-needed comic relief after Obama ribbed him for losing the Democratic nomination in 2008. Not to mention, the VP also has a longstanding history of being memed. There’s the Onion’s ongoing “Diamond” Joe Biden gag, portraying him as a sex-crazed, party-loving scammer. And of course, Biden’s unconfirmed love of the Wu-Tang Clan’s Liquid Swords, another excellent meme. Also, he was apparently hot in his youth, a newly rediscovered fact that has “people” “freaking” “out” according to BuzzFeed.
Before last Tuesday, I was vaguely familiar with the security-minded chat app Signal, thanks mainly to the news that DNC staffers had switched to using the app after the DNC was hacked in midsummer. But by the time Donald Trump finished his victory speech, my Twitter feed was filled with calls to download and use the app, retweeted again and again.
“I’ve talked to plenty of folks who say their phone has been buzzing out of their pocket with notifications of new people joining Signal,” says Moxie Marlinspike, founder of the not-for-profit company Open Whisper Systems, which developed the Edward Snowden–approved messenger app.
The company was recently served a subpoena by the U.S. government about two Signal users, and the company published both the subpoena and their response. The only information they had (and thus were required by law to provide) was when the users had registered with Signal and the last time they had used the service. Even Apple’s end-to-end encryption can’t match this, because the encryption keys used in iMessage are still stored on Apple servers, meaning the company could be compelled to produce metadata about users.
There’s a few more added security measures in place on Signal. You can set an adjustable self-destruct timer on messages, meaning a text message will delete itself, say, five minutes after being read. You can also automatically trim conversations once they reach a certain length. Both are protections against the major vulnerability in end-to-end encryption: someone else getting physical access to your phone or computer.
Signal and other services like it, such as end-to-end encrypted email service ProtonMail, are ultimately where Marlinspike thinks privacy has to head if people want their communications to remain private.
Signal is a free messenger app for Android and iOS that uses end-to-end encryption for both SMS texts and voice calls, in a package that’s pretty much exactly like what you’re already used to. End-to-end encryption is perhaps the most secure way to communicate online. When using end-to-end encryption, users on both ends of the conversation have cryptographic “keys” which can be used to decrypt the incoming message. Anybody who lacks that key, whether it be a hacker or the U.S. government, sees nothing but gibberish. “The user experience that we’re trying to create is one where all of your communication is end-to-end encrypted by default,” says Marlinspike, who formerly was head of security at Twitter. “Install the app and start messaging people like you would in any normal messenger and your communication will be encrypted by default — which means a message can only be read by you and no one else.”
Signal isn’t just an app — it’s also a open-source encryption protocol that’s already being used by WhatsApp, Google Allo, and Facebook Messenger (though only WhatsApp has end-to-end encryption turned on by default). What makes Signal unique isn’t just end-to-end encryption, but how little information the company gathers about its users.
“There’s two ways to think about security,” says Marlinspike. “One is the notion of computer security, which is the idea that we’re gonna create computers that are secure, which is a losing battle.” The speed of software and hardware development make it impossible to keep up, and protections against hackers have to get it right every time, while hackers only need to get lucky once. “Whether you’re a Sony executive or national-security reporter or a politician, if you have a computer connected to to the Internet with a bunch of unencrypted emails sitting on it, someone eventually is gonna find that.”
“We, the operators of the Signal service, cannot read the messages,” says Marlinspike. “If we get hacked, they can’t read the messages, and the same if governments come to try to compel us to provide information to them.”This also extends to information about whom you’re talking with and how much. “We think carefully about metadata — not just the content of the messages, but the information about who was communicating with you or who do you have your contacts,” says Marlinspike.
The other option is what Marlinspike is doing with Signal, which is information security — making the data you care about unreadable to anyone who isn’t the intended recipient. Marlinspike uses the example of WhatsApp, which uses the Signal protocol. “If they have a few servers connected to the internet, with billions of people’s messages flowing through them, it’s really hard to secure the servers and it’s a huge liability. Instead, if they transform their communication network so the only thing flowing through those servers is encrypted, opaque blobs of data, it reduces the liability. If someone hacks their servers, they don’t get anyone’s messages instead of billions of messages.”
With the huge uncertainty of what Trump will actually do with the U.S.’s powerful and pervasive domestic-surveillance system, Marlinspike saw the same kind of Twitter messages as I did. “I think that’s perhaps in part why more people are using Signal,” says Marlinspike. “People do care about their privacy and are interested in using the tools to easily maintain it.”
Update 11/14/2016 5:11 pm: A Google representative provided the following statement to Select All:
As Facebook and now Google face scrutiny for promoting fake news stories, Melissa Zimdars, a communication and media professor from Merrimack College in Massachusetts, has compiled a handy list of websites you should think twice about trusting. “Below is a list of fake, false, regularly misleading, and otherwise questionable ‘news’ organizations that are commonly shared on Facebook and other social media sites,” Zimdars explains. “Many of these websites rely on ‘outrage’ by using distorted headlines and decontextualized or dubious information in order to generate likes, shares, and profits.” (Click here to see the list.)
As The Wall Street Journal reports, Google says that “[p]ages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher’s content, or the primary purpose” will not be able to display programmatic ads, which are automatically sold and displayed. Facebook announced a similar move shortly after Google did, adding fake-news sites to “the category of misleading, illegal and deceptive sites, which are already barred from using the Facebook Audience Network.”
What do you do when your world-changing platforms are enabling a right-wing populist revolt by disseminating misinformation? One small start is to stop making money off of that disinformation. Google’s announcement yesterday that it would refuse ad sales to websites that misrepresent their purpose — followed quickly by a similar announcement from Facebook about its own ad network — is a good start.
Be warned: Zimdars’s list is expansive in scope, and stretches beyond the bootleg sites (many of them headquartered in Macedonia) that write fake news for the sole reason of selling advertisements. Right-wing sources and conspiracy theorists like Breitbart and Infowars appear alongside pure (but often misinterpreted) satire like the Onion and The New Yorker’s Borowitz Report. “Not all of these sources are always or inherently problematic, but I’m including them because they should be considered in conjunction with other news/info sources due to their tendency to rely on clickbait headlines,” Zimdars notes. You should read it closely, feel free to disagree, and, in the spirit of media literacy, do your own research.
She also includes some helpful tips for spotting fake news:
Up to 40 percent of food produced in the United States is wasted. That’s a lot of grub. So the folks behind this app are trying to change the way restaurants deal with excess food.
All sound advice before you fuel the fire further and share a bogus story about a tryst between Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin or announce that Donald Trump won the popular vote. Read the entire list here.
Google’s AdSense program was the primary method by which Macedonian teens monetized their fake-news operations, and traffic arbitrage — that is, “buying” eyeballs by sharing fake news on Facebook, and then “selling” them for a higher price on Google’s ad networks — is a low-margin business. While the new rules won’t fully solve the fake-news problem — making money isn’t the only reason people create and distribute misinformation — it’ll go a fairly long way toward cleaning up the lowest tier of fake news (one that was likely already packing up its things in the wake of the election). Even better, it marks a decision by Google and Facebook to take responsibility for the behaviors their platforms incentivize.
Starting today, Twitter is rolling out a feature that will give users a newly expanded mute feature to block harassment. While users have been able to block tweets from singular accounts in the past, this new option will allow for users to omit phrases, key words, and conversations from their feeds entirely, Twitter explained in a blog post today. (If this sounds familiar, Instagram introduced a similar safety measure earlier this year.)
To access the new mute feature, head to “Settings.” From there, look for “muted words” where you can add usernames, words, hashtags, and emoji you don’t want to see in your notifications. It’s convenient if you want to limit the amount of hate speech, slurs, and eggplant emoji you see on Twitter each day, but it’s not a perfect fix. Blocking a given term might keep it out of your notifications, but it’s no guarantee it won’t pop up in your timeline via other users. To mute a given conversation, users will need to tap the options arrow on a tweet in the conversation (where you would also find options like “Mute user” and “Unfollow user”) and choose “Mute conversation.” This feature only works for conversations including your full handle, so if people are talking about you and not tagging you, you’ll have to mute your name as a keyword instead.
Today’s other Twitter announcements include a new “hateful conduct” option users can select as a category when reporting abuse and that the company has doubled down on better preparing its staff to help with abuse. “We’ve retrained all of our support teams on our policies, including special sessions on cultural and historical contextualization of hateful conduct, and implemented an ongoing refresher program,” Twitter explained.
While an effort toward making Twitter a safer platform and less of a hotbed for abuse are to be applauded, the features feel a little bit like too little, too late. Especially given that many heavy Twitter users access the platform via TweetDeck, a secondary platform that already has a mute feature for phrases and terms. (Emoji- and conversation-muting remain unique to Twitter.) And as anybody who has ever used TweetDeck will tell you, muting the problem doesn’t fix it. It just hides some of it from view. Giving users the option to label abuse as “hateful conduct” is great in the sense that it’s more specific than previous options. But the real question is whether or not Twitter’s responses to those reports will change in the coming weeks or whether we can all expect to continue receiving those “we reviewed the content and determined it was not in violation of the Twitter rules” emails, which feel entirely automated and rarely like an actual human took a look at the problem.
This week, however, Apple changed course following widespread public outcry, proving that sustained public protest does actually get results. The new peach emoji would still retain its buttlike features, no longer rotated to such a degree that it no longer looked like a butt. The new butt peach in beta 3 of iOS 10.2 replaces the peach that does not look sufficiently like a butt from beta 2.
Just weeks ago, the world was reeling from devastating news that Apple, in the midst of redesigning all of its emoji for higher-resolution displays, was changing the peach emoji to look less like a butt. Without a buttlike peach, how would the sexters of our nation announce that they were horny? With what would people combine the puff-of-smoke emoji to make it look like a farting butt? Placing the smiling poop emoji next to a non-butt peach? It wasn’t going to fly.
IOS 10.2, and its new additions to the emoji pantheon, is set to be released in the next few weeks.
Until now, if you wanted to play old-school 8-bit NES games, you had three options. You could find an old Nintendo Entertainment System in a video-game store or on eBay, where they run for anywhere from $50 to $850, and then assemble a collection of the game cartridges you want, which can either be relatively cheap or absurdly pricey. You could download the games to your Wii or Wii U for (usually) five bucks a pop. Or you could download an emulator and game ROMs, which is illegal and also means either playing Excitebike on your keyboard (not great!) or doing some controller workarounds.
Which is why (with a few caveats) Nintendo’s new NES Classic may be the best piece of hardware the company’s put out in a long time: a simple $60 box and controller that comes with a smartly curated set of 30 Nintendo classics. Power the system up with a USB cord, plug the system into your TV using an HDMI cord, pick up that reassuringly hard-cornered controller, and game away. It’s a lot like the retro plug-and-play games that have been popular for over a decade, but with a ton more value packed in.
Second, as of mid-November, they’re very, very hard to find. In a statement to Select All, Nintendo wrote, “[The] NES Classic Edition system is a hot item, and we are working hard to keep up with consumer demand. There will be a steady flow of additional systems through the holiday shopping season and into the new year.” Which means, uh, best of luck? It sold out within minutes on Amazon, and right now is selling for absurd prices on the aftermarket. Don’t give in — this thing is a steal at $59, but not worth it for $240 on eBay (the price of the Wii U, in other words). Keep an eye on sites like nowinstock.net, and wait for Nintendo to get some more units to market.
There are some great touches here. The lineup leans heavily on the classics, but it’s hard to fault any of the games included: You’ll get every Super Mario Bros., natch, but also gems like Gradius, the original Final Fantasy, and Star Tropics. The box itself looks just like the NES, just shrunken down by about two-thirds (it’s smaller than an actual NES cartridge), and it weighs almost nothing. Pressing the reset button on the NES Classic creates a quick save of wherever you are — so if you’re on a killer run of Kirby’s Adventure, you can stop wherever and pick it back up. The re-creations are remarkably accurate — you’ll still get sprite flicker and some slowdown in action-heavy parts — and the Classic offers three video modes, including one that re-creates the scan lines of the CRT TV you used the first time you beat Metroid (or just entered JUSTIN BAILEY at the password screen). And the value is absurd: Buying the same 30 games for the Wii would cost $150, and much more than that if you were buying vintage cartridges.
It hits the right notes for a good holiday gift: It’s not absurdly pricey at $60, it’ll tickle anyone who has an ounce of nostalgia for Nintendo, and it’s small enough and so easy to set up (and put away) that it won’t take over anyone’s living room.
Finally, those 30 games are all you’re going to get. It’s entirely possible Nintendo will release another version of the NES Classic with a different or expanded set of games, but there’s no way to add more to what they’re selling. Like I said, I think these 30 games represent some of the high points of what came out for the NES, but if you’re jonesing for some Rygar or Wizards & Warriors, you’re up the creek.
That said, it comes with some downsides. First off, while the controller’s action feels remarkably close to the original NES gamepad, the cord length is absurdly short — only 30 inches (or shorter than my arm). You’ll want to grab a controller extension cord stat. It’s also not wireless, period. There are some third-party workarounds in the works, but for right now you’ll be back to worrying about passersby tripping over the controller cable.
All that said, this is a straight-up-the-middle winner by Nintendo. For anyone who spent part of their childhood blowing Cheeto dust out of cartridges or memorizing the Contra code, or for kids who never had the chance to experience the first video-game system to break into the mainstream, this is the gift to get. The only reason I can imagine you might not grab one is because you can’t find it.
A quick note: If you buy stuff through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. That said, we don’t recommend anything we wouldn’t buy ourselves.
The fight against fake news is being fought on many fronts in homes and offices across America, but companies like Facebook and Google have been reluctant to issue any sort of explicit, top-down editorial enjoinments about what can and cannot be posted on their platforms. This is understandable — corporations are loath to enter the politically tricky territory of determining the legitimacy of a given news outlet.
But that just means there’s room for improvement! The biggest issue is that this extension only works on the actual domains hosting fake news, which means you need to visit the pages to get a warning. A more sophisticated and useful version would flag (and maybe even block) the sites as they’re linked to in various social feeds, but that’s a much more cumbersome project requiring more time, and frankly, coding knowledge, than I have. That being said, if you’re technically minded, you can help out: The source code is freely available on Github, so you can add to it (or rewrite it completely after you see how bad I am at coding), or port it to other browsers like Safari and Firefox.
But as we enter a fraught period of American life, it’s important to make sure you (and your friends and relatives) can at least avoid being snookered by hoax, satire, fake, and just plain incompetent news sites. For people who might not be the most media-literate, here’s a handy browser extension I put together this afternoon, based on media studies professor Melissa Zimdars’s list of unreliable or misleading websites. It works like this: If you visit a URL known for producing non-news in news-like packages, you get a pop-up alert warning you. That’s it!
For now it’s only a Chrome browser extension and, well, I made this in about an hour or so, so it’s about the most barebones it could possibly be.
Still, this (barely) working proof-of-concept is mostly to show that readers don’t need to necessarily sit around and wait for Facebook, Google, Twitter and the other large platforms to fix things. Install it yourself today, and surreptitiously install it on your relatives’ computers next week at Thanksgiving!
Kermit the Frog, beloved muppet, has provided us with plenty of meme fodder over the years: There’s “but that’s none of my business” Kermit, who sips tea and lets the world know you’re shading them. There’s #TeaLizard Kermit, if you’re a bumbling morning show who doesn’t know much about memes but trying to stay hip. And now, right on schedule for the very bad year that has been 2016, there’s Evil Kermit.
Evil Kermit memes involve a screenshot from 2014’s Muppets Most Wanted, where Kermit (good) faces his evil doppelgänger, Constantine. Constantine wears a dark cloak covering his eyes, just in case it wasn’t abundantly clear that he is not a good dude. Now, imagine you are Kermit/Constantine. You’re having a deep introspective conversation with yourself, grappling with the choice between what is right and what is easy. Evil Kermit wants you to give into what is easy. To do what makes you feel good in the moment but probably isn’t actually good for you. To steal that very fluffy dog.
To quote Kermit himself: “It’s not that easy being meme.”
(Note: Zimdar’s list is expansive, and includes everything from popular satire sites to strongly partisan blogs and aggregators to utterly false bottom-feeders. It’s already been edited to remove some sites that might have been unfairly brought up in the dragnet, and we’re trying to update the extension as the list itself is updated. Remember, the extension doesn’t block the sites themselves, just offers a small reminder and warning. Better safe than sorry!)
These repeated errors are frustrating for the industries that Facebook has steamrolled, including online advertising and digital media. Clients and publishers that put most or all of their eggs in the Facebook basket are feeling increasingly uneasy about just how much Facebook is actually telling them, and whether or not what they’re hearing is accurate.
Marketers’ organic posts, meaning posts for which marketers did not pay Facebook to gain extra views, were being shown to have greater reach than they were actually getting. According to the Journal, “[t]he corrected metric on average will be about 33% lower for the seven-day period and 55% lower for the 28-day period.”
As a result of the miscalculations, the company will start providing more third-party verification, from firms like Nielsen, on its publishing tools.
Facebook is now acknowledging, according to the The Wall Street Journal, that it made an error in tracking metrics on other publishing tools, leading “to the undercounting or overcounting of four measurements, including the weekly and monthly reach of marketers’ posts, the number of full video views and time spent with publishers’ Instant Articles.”
Earlier this year, Facebook announced that it had substantially miscalculated video viewership metrics over the span of two years. Conveniently, it did this after the change in digital media it had catalyzed, the one that shifted a lot of resources toward video, and specifically video on its platform.
There’s something odd going on at WikiLeaks, the website set up by Julian Assange in 2006 as a place for anyone to publish secret information. Speculation about the legitimacy of the site, which became a factor in the 2016 election thanks to massive dumps of key Democratic Party operators’ emails, has been rampant in online communities like Reddit and 8chan for the past 24 hours — and WikiLeaks itself has remained silent about the problem.
The reason both Reddit and 8chan are freaking out: WikiLeaks does something to confirm to the public that the insurance files they’re uploading to torrent sites are authentic, releasing what’s known as “hashes” before the files are uploaded. This is a long string of numbers and letters anyone can get the encrypted files to spit out, even if they can’t read the files. Check the hash generated from the latest insurance file against what WikiLeaks has published, and you know you’ve got the exact same file as the one WikiLeaks intended to release. If any part of the data is different, a different hash will be produced when you analyze the file.
A simplified version of what’s going on: WikiLeaks keeps “insurance files” for many of its major data dumps. These files are key bits of (what the site claims is) damaging info that’s encrypted rather than published, made available for public download, and updated each month. You can download the insurance file (currently over 90 GB of data) from a torrent site like the Pirate Bay, but without the password it’s gibberish. The long-held belief has been that should something happen to WikiLeaks or Julian Assange, the password to WikiLeaks’ insurance files would be released into the wild, and all of the information within them shortly after. This effectively works as a “dead man’s switch” — if something bad happens to WikiLeaks, the threat goes, something much worse will happen to the organizations that are most likely to have compromised it.
And now the hashes for several key WikiLeaks insurance files are different from those WikiLeaks published via its Twitter account. This, for example, is the hash WikiLeaks published on October 16 for an insurance file about Ecuador, the country that’s currently giving Assange asylum in its London embassy and also recently restricted his internet access:
But the same insurance file within the latest insurance-file release (“2016-11-07_WL-Insurance_EC.aes256” for anyone who wants to grab the torrent and check for themselves) produces a different hash: “b231ccef70338a857e48984f0fd73ea920eff70ab6b593548b0adcbd1423b995”
So what’s happening here? It could be that someone at WikiLeaks made a mistake. But for many following along on message boards, this all points toward WikiLeaks being compromised. From 8chan and Reddit threads, theories range from someone uploading fake-out insurance files in order to conduct “psyops” and discredit WikiLeaks to full-out proof that Julian Assange is dead (perhaps assassinated by the so-called “prosecutors” currently questioning him about rape charges in Sweden) and that the keys for the insurance files are actually floating around the web, just waiting for the right cybersleuths to put them together. Why would WikiLeaks have an Easter-egg hunt for something that seems to be designed to protect Assange and WikiLeaks? Who knows! Welcome to WikiLeaks land.
There’s no doubt that something odd is happening at WikiLeaks. Their Twitter presence has grown more erratic over the past year. As mentioned, Ecuador cut off Assange’s access to the internet; WikiLeaks claims it was at the behest of John Kerry and the U.S. government, while Ecuador says otherwise. The last person to write about seeing Assange was, uh, Pamela Anderson? There’s also the fact that while Julian Assange hasn’t been seen in the public eye as much, his cat has been, dressed up in a collar and tie.
So what to make of the mismatched hashes? It’s impossible to tell. There’s been no word from WikiLeaks about them. And in the murky world of message boards and filter bubbles and conspiracy theories, this is enough to start up another cycle of speculation — which will likely spin on even if WikiLeaks or Assange himself later provides an explanation for what happened.
Globalists, watch out. As tech companies and lamestream media outlets combat the scourge of fake news blinding the electorate to a complex international psyop, one organization is fighting back. That’s right: Infowars is on the scene.
“Undoubtedly the new main psyop against independent media is flooding the web with fake news, and mainstream media putting out fake news, and setting themselves up like a super-Snopes, to be the arbiter of what’s real and what’s not,” said known kook Alex Jones in his announcement. “That’s why Infowars.com is announcing a daily piece … where we will analyze fake corporate news and fake ads.”
Our fake-news problem is going to get way worse before it gets better… if it ever gets better.
Update: WikiLeaks has tweeted this in response:
In other words, WikiLeaks is saying the only hashes that WikiLeaks would put out in the public would be for non-insurance files, thus the non-matching hashes aren’t relevant. Reddit users, however, remain skeptical.
The question is … what does that actually tell us? The data, scraped from specific posts, does not reflect total site engagement on the network — that is, how many people shared, liked, or discussed a given article across the entire platform. It compares how specific posts, published on publishers’ official Facebook pages, performed. It does not distinguish between organic reach and paid placement in the News Feed, known as “boosting.”
Measured in three-month increments, beginning in February, the data shows posts from mainstream news pages substantially ahead in terms of engagement between February and July. But in the final three months of the campaign, the top fake stories promoted by their respective Facebook presences outpaced mainstream sources’ promotion of their own articles. (Why did this balance shift in the final three months of the campaign? The most obvious guess is that the beginning of the final segment coincides nicely with the shift from the primaries to the general election. Both parties turned from internal squabbling to combating each other.)
A new analysis from BuzzFeed fake-news expert Craig Silverman demonstrates that in the final three months of the election, the most successful posts about fake viral news “generated more engagement than the top stories from major news outlets”:
This data is illuminating, but it is also anecdotal. A news outlet, fake or real, posting a story on its Facebook page is not automatically the most-viewed link to that story. Hell: Some major publishers are paying celebrities with greater organic reach to post their content as well. That’s how inadequate organic reach is. If the page for the television sitcom Friends, which has 1.6 million followers, posted a link to an article claiming that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson’s disease, it would see an enormous number of comments, likes, and shares that BuzzFeed’s data-gathering wouldn’t uncover.
For now, the best way to understand Silverman’s analysis is holistically (fake news is rampant), and to notice what is absent from Facebook’s response. They told him, “There is a long tail of stories on Facebook. It may seem like the top stories get a lot of traction, but they represent a tiny fraction of the total.” They did not explicitly deny that fake news was performing competitively with mainstream news on the platform.
That Facebook levels the playing field for publishers of all sizes and shapes, that it “democratizes” the web, is often seen as a plus for discourse. In reality, what we’ve ended up with are sites like Ending the Fed, which can pay minuscule amounts compared to traditional media in order to boost their posts and get them in front of millions of eyeballs. Armed with a small budget and unconstrained from the truth, almost anything can be forced into virality.
A more precise version of BuzzFeed’s story would be headlined, “[Some] Viral Fake Election News [Posts] Outperformed Real News [Posts] On Facebook In Final Months Of The US Election.” Mainstream sources likely have a wider distribution of readership along the Facebook vector. Still, that the largest fake-news sites can compete with mainstream outlets for Facebook engagement shows how powerful the platform is in distributing information.
But Facebook’s understandable and utterly frustrating inability to be transparent about how their platform works makes it difficult to get an accurate picture about the real reach and presence of these sites. Websites can track how many hits they get from Facebook overall, but they can’t see how individual Facebook posts helped them get there. (It certainly doesn’t help that the company keeps buying third-party tracking solutions like CrowdTangle.) Facebook is a black box, and researchers, publishers, and advertisers are doing their best to figure it out. But Facebook, a publicly traded company, has no financial incentive to be forthcoming.
Trebuchet memes are here. Yep, that’s right, pick your jaw up off the floor: memes about the medieval siege engine known as the trebuchet (pronounced “treh-byoo-shay”), a device capable of flinging 90-kilogram stones more than 300 meters, are en vogue. “Finally,” you say, and honestly, I agree. It’s been a long time coming — but they’re here, “they” being trebuchet memes.
Many of these memes come from a subreddit devoted to trebuchet memes, r/trebuchetmemes. How long have trebuchet memes been around? “the Facebook page ‘Duchy of Burgundyball’ has been posting about crusader and trebuchet memes for a couple of years now,” one Redditor claims. Okay.
The thing about this meme is that it’s more of a meta-meme, an inversion that takes a single joke and applies it to a variety of other meme templates, rather than a single template from which hundreds of thousands of jokes can be created. The joke in this case is that the trebuchet can fling 90 kilograms of projectile a distance of 300 meters. Like so:
This mildly viral tweet from Twitter user @StrangeColt alerted us to the existence of trebuchet memes:
Or this one, concerning woke Squidward.
This one’s very topical. Trebuchet memes aren’t afraid to address hot-button issues.
The other important thing to know about members of the trebuchet fandom is that they hate catapults, an inferior siege that’s used by fools. Unless it’s your first raid on a fortified castle keep, using a catapult is unacceptable.
Imagine showing these trebuchet memes to a medieval person. They’d think you were a witch and then mace you or something lol.
I wrangled my invite to What.cd in early 2008, while working an internship that required so little of us that one of the other interns would leave to go watch movies at the nearby AMC during the day. It was a happy day — a whole world of music to torrent was suddenly open to me. And yet news yesterday that the site had shut down was mainly a reminder I hadn’t signed into the site since 2010.Getting music and listening to music on your computer in the mid-’00s was weird. The iPod and other MP3 players had quickly given everyone the ability to listen to more albums than anyone who went through high school with a massive binder of CDs could have imagined, but you usually got that through a hodgepodge of ways. You could, of course, download albums from iTunes, but they came with substantial DRM headaches. Napster was dead and its replacements, Limewire and Kazaa, were filled with fake-out files, badly mislabeled files (who can forget the David Byrne classic album Another Green World?) and straight-up malware. You could try your luck with finding sites like MediaFire hosting direct downloads of albums. Public torrent trackers like the Pirate Bay were okay if you wanted the new Jack Johnson or Alicia Keys, but usually stalled out if you wanted anything even slightly off the beaten path.
But even while keeping an eye on my upload/download ratio and filling up a MacBook hard drive with music, the end was coming. It was the launch of Rdio in 2010 and then Spotify that, for me, was essentially the end of torrenting music. Both services had their gaps, but both also had the vast majority of what I wanted to hear. The price was reasonable, and the ability to listen to an album without first loading it onto my phone was, at the time, mind-blowing. And it felt good to, well, pay for music (even if the economics of music streaming are still pretty bad for the artists).
What.cd, and its predecessor OiNK, were different. They were private torrent trackers, open by invite only. They both had strict download-to-upload ratios in place: You had to give back about as much as you took, or risk being booted altogether. And the place was a treasure trove for hard-to-find or older albums — I was able to find local bands that I assumed no one outside my hometown had ever heard, neatly organized and arranged. It was also one of the few places to download .ogg files, a file format that allowed you to listen to extremely high-quality audio. What.cd was a place for people to release their own music, before Bandcamp and SoundCloud came along. For a certain type of media consumer (obsessive, sometimes more interested in simply having everything over even listening to it all) it was heaven, and filled with like-minded people. The forum members knew their shit — if you wanted to know more about the Detroit soul group the Spinners, someone would quickly point you toward Tri-Phi Records and Harvey Fuqua. Amazing “collages” would pop up, primers in everything from Yugoslav rock to Northern Soul.
So the shutdown of What.cd was more a reminder of a different time, a hit of nostalgia for when I lived in a different city and took different trains, than a real sense of loss. Torrenting itself is on the wane — torrent trackers are being shut down left and right, and as more services like HBO Go come online, more users are willing to pay instead of pirate. There are still private torrent-tracker sites for movies and music and e-books and comic books, but the media industry has largely caught up in offering what they produce in an easy format for users. Most people greatly prefer using a legit service over going onto a public torrent site or over begging their way into a private torrent tracker.
There’s an argument to be made that some private sites serve as a place for unfindable stuff to live on. Streaming services have no incentive to try to secure rights to deeper cuts; suddenly having a streaming version of Jacques Rivette’s 12-hour New Wave film Out 1 probably isn’t going to get a significant number of people to sign up for your service. There will always be a few diehards out there — there’s already talk of which site will be the next What.cd. But for a lot of people like me, the days of private torrent sites are done — I’ll stream and pay and slowly forget that once I could find a that one seven-inch I hadn’t heard in years in just a few minutes.
Yes, it was all stealing, no doubt, but I’d been stealing music for nearly a decade at this point. I rationalized it away by saying I was also going to see shows and thus giving artists some cash (while ignoring that downloading the entire of discography of, say, Oval, a German glitch group that rarely tours outside of Europe, was very unlikely to turn into any actual money for them).
Cross-country has never struck me as much of a fun spectator sport. You watch a pack of people with extremely lean muscles, wearing very short shorts, run away from the starting line and then you wait until they come running back toward the finish line some 20 or 30 or 40 minutes later. But now that I know it’s a contact sport, my mind is completely changed.
Runner Justin DeLuzio was knocked to the ground during an NCAA 8K regional race this week at DeSales University in Center Valley, Pennsylvania, when a herd of deer sprinted through the course. “Someone yelled, and I caught a glimpse of the deer, and I … I just didn’t expect it,” DeLuzio told Fox Sports. “It just flipped me end over end.”
DeLuzio managed to finish the race and, save for a few bruises, is otherwise fine. Which means I’m not a terrible person for watching this video on a loop at my desk and ugly laughing.
Earlier this week, Evil Kermit the Frog burst onto the meme scene to convince you to make terrible decisions and ignore your better judgment. It was a good meme which felt very apropos of the current political climate and the latest in a long-standing tradition of memes starring everybody’s favorite green Muppet. And now, some evil genius has upped the stakes and rocketed the meme into the 21st century with a little help from Facebook’s 360-degree-photo technology.
Is this the first 360-degree meme? I’m going to answer that with a hard “maybe.” In the past, people have converted old viral YouTube classics into 360-degree videos, but this is the first pure meme I’ve seen as a totally immersive image. Welcome to the future. How lucky we are to be alive right now.
This is often not the case. Many memes have simple explanations, like that they are funny, or universally applicable, or they invert a well-known trope, or are coated in a thick balm of irony. “Because internet” is rarely the end of the story.
There is a lazy way of explaining certain memes that goes a little something like this: “Because internet.” That’s it. To expand, the general idea is that the internet is so vast and tangled that you’re bound to see weird junk on a regular basis and that trying to discern meaning or motive from it is a fruitless endeavor.
Here’s “Bee movie trailer but every bee is duplicated.”
But for the life of me I cannot figure out what the hell is up with this new Bee Movie trend where people edit the movie or its trailer in ways that are best described as exceedingly stupid. Consider “Bee movie trailer but every time they say bee it gets slower,” which is exactly what it sounds like and got more than 4,500 upvotes on Reddit yesterday.
If you have any interest in watching the entire movie, you can watch it in 3 minutes at 20,000x speed.
But let’s back up. Bee Movie is a 2007 computer-animated children’s movie written by and starring Jerry Seinfeld. He plays Barry B. Benson, a bee who falls in love with a human and sues the human race for stealing honey from bees. It has a heavily ironic online fandom because it is crazy-dumb. One running joke involves sending the entire script of the film to random recipients.
Here’s the trailer, “but every ‘Bee’ is replaced with another letter.”
“The entire bee movie but every time they say bee it gets faster.”
It appears that the rise of Bee Movie video remixes was inspired by the preceding rise of remixes of “We Are Number One,” a song from the kid’s show Lazy Town. They’re an update on an old format known as YouTube Poop, a type of video mash-up that tweaks audio from existing programs mainly in order to confuse and shock the viewer. YouTube artiste MrMrMANGOHEAD has been posting Lazy Town remixes for the past three weeks with tweaks such as “but the word ‘one’ triggers duplication and makes the video slow down + get louder” or “We Are Number One backwards however, every ‘we are number one’ is forwards.”
“The Bee Movie but it Keeps Getting More Intense.”
Like all collaborative media, these confounding remixes are a game of one-upsmanship, and the winner is whoever makes the most uncomfortable rule set.
In the week since the election, the non-fake media has been, understandably, attentive to the problem of “fake news” websites that take advantage of social media and automated ad platforms to perform a kind of traffic arbitrage, enticing enormous audiences to their bootleg sites and generating revenue, and profits, from display ads sold on those sites. Google and Facebook both recently announced that they’d stop allowing misleading websites to use their ad networks, which could potentially strike a significant blow against this particular scheme, and the financial incentives for creating and disseminating fake news.
Last night, a website notorious for spreading disinformation across social media claimed that Donald Trump had, through negotiations with Ford chairman Bill Ford, ensured that Ford would not move its Lincoln production plant from Louisville to Mexico. The claim was, at best, misleading — Ford was never going to close the plant; Lincoln production was going to move to Mexico while the Kentucky plant shifted to producing only the Ford Escape, with no jobs lost — but, as is often the case with fake-news reports, it was quickly and uncritically distributed by an audience in the tens of thousands, if not much higher, especially after it was picked up by the galaxy of far-right fly-by-night sites that profit from the creation and distribution of exaggerations, wish fulfillment, and lies on social media. The fake-news site that originated this particular story is based here in New York City, and located at http://www.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump. Its proprietor is the president-elect of the United States.
The point here is not to re-prosecute the Fox News wars of the early 2000s, though it’s always worth remembering that an entire portion of the American electorate exited the gravitational field of facticity years ago, and Facebook is, as much as anything, giving an injection of rocket fuel to its rickety little spaceship. Rather, I think it’s important to recognize that the problem of misinformation across social media is one that exists not because of the arbitrage math of advertising rates but deep within the structures of platforms themselves.
But the incentives to create and distribute fake news are not only financial, and All-Star Macedonia Crying Eagle Number-One News and Views Very Good is not the only kind of fake-news website undermining the media infrastructure necessary for a functioning democracy. Trump’s nominee for national security adviser, a Jack D. Ripper type named Michael Flynn, has a particular fondness for publishing fake news to his Twitter account, as does Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conaway. Even nominally anti-Trump Republicans like Nebraska senator Ben Sasse have gotten into the fake-news business, entertaining ideas of “paid protesters” on the same day one of the most prolific fabricators of fake news admitted that the most widely shared account of paid protesters was wholly made up.
At heart, the difficulty facing us is that everyone online is now, more or less, a news outlet. Everyone has the power to authoritatively determine truth; everyone is engaged in the same task of publishing content that might grab the attention of their followers. On Twitter, what’s the difference between The New York Times and Donald Trump? (Or for that matter, me and you?) Trump’s tweets are not just events and statements on which the Times can report, they are themselves rivals to the Times’ reporting. The audience, too, is made up of “publishers” — individual Twitter accounts with their own, generally smaller publisher-audiences — and the Times and Trump both rely on those publishers to distribute their content, through shares and retweets, to an even wider audience. In this environment, publishers quickly learn that their most successful content, measured by size of audience, is that which readers are compelled to share to their audience. And so on.
Of course, social media as an activity isn’t only about distributing information to one’s peers. It often isn’t about that at all. Generally, we post on social media as a way of establishing an identity in a crowded online environment, and in the hopes of receiving some degree of validation in the form of “engagement” — likes, comments, shares. So not only does “consuming information” (or, you know, “reading”) become less and less often distinguishable from “distributing information,” those two activities become wrapped up in the public shaping of individual identity. The news-media economy, in which a small number of publishers competed to deliver new information to a large number of readers, is in the process of being swallowed into a much larger media economy, in which hundreds of millions of functionally identical publishers compete with each other for attention from each other in an environment whose chief function isn’t the dissemination of information, but socially performed identity formation.
This is, uhh, extremely weird, at best. Traditional news organizations, to state the obvious, are not built to survive an economy like that. You know who is, though? Politicians. The scary thing about “fake news” isn’t just that it’s financially incentivized by our new platform-gods, it’s that it’s socially and ideologically incentivized by them in ways that can’t be fixed without dismantling their entire operation. And, further, that the people best primed to benefit from “fake news” aren’t Macedonian teenagers hoping to buy guitars but leaders willing to untether themselves from truth in exchange for the powerful organizing capabilities of a passionate online audience. In this sense “fake news sites” aren’t a vestigial artifact of an awkward transition from print to digital — they’re the very future of politics itself.
For reasons as yet unknown, a giant blob of white foam has appeared and filled a street in Santa Clara, California. The foam is reportedly five feet deep in certain sections and appears to be some sort of flame retardant, KTVU reports from the scene.
Several thousand people are tuned into the KTVU livestream, watching with bated breath to see what will become of the foam. The area is now taped off, but before officials were able to secure the area, at least one man on a bike was able to take a soapy joy ride.
Sending positive thoughts to the good people of Santa Clara in this trying time.
From KTVU:
On Friday night, Vice-President-elect Mike Pence attended a performance of Hamilton: An American Musical in New York City. Before the show, people in the crowd audibly booed him, which, sure. The cast of Hamilton consists of dozens of people of all colors, creeds, and heritages, and the current actor in the titular role, Javier Muñoz, has spoken publicly about both being gay and HIV positive. Not exactly a crowd you’d expect to be cheering for Pence, given his political history.
Pretty much anything can run Doom. An iPod can run Doom.
That last question is a rite of passage of sorts. The original Doom, released in 1993, is a highly influential video game in which you fight demons from hell. It is also tiny in terms of file size — the shareware version of the game is roughly two megabytes. So if you have a gadget that has a screen and buttons, the odds are pretty high that it can run Doom.
Every major new technological release brings with it a number of questions. Does it work? Will it change my life? Is this the next big thing in consumer gadgetry? Can it run Doom?
Here’s the touch bar on the latest MacVook Pro (resolution: 2170 x 60 pixels) running Doom.
A graphing calculator can run Doom.
An ATM can run Doom.
A printer, with a screen the size of a couple postage stamps, can run Doom.
Now that Doom is running on the MacBook touch bar, we can finally rest. It is now safe to move on with our lives.
Now — because the MAGA crew hasn’t realized that there is no point in “boycotting” a show that is already sold out for months — Trump and Pence defenders on Twitter are leading a crusade against the show. Which would be fine, I guess, but if you’re going to hate-tweet you should probably tag the correct Hamilton. Instead of @-ing Broadway’s Hamilton, some on Twitter have been wrongly directing their tweets at the Hamilton Theatre in Ontario, which is currently mounting a production of The Toxic Avenger, a show in which a man in New Jersey is dumped into a vat of toxic sludge and emerges as a “seven-foot mutant freak with superhuman strength and a heart as big as Newark.” Easy to see how people got confused here.
Weirdly, this isn’t the first time a Pence-related Twitter mix up has put a random person/place in the crossfires of political Twitter. User @MikePence, who is not that Mike Pence, has been having a hell of a time since Trump announced the Indiana governor as his running mate back in July. Still, here’s hoping the Hamilton boycott makes it easier for the rest of us to get tickets sometime before the next presidential election, in 2020.
For week, rumors have swirled that Instagram was working on its own implementation of live video to complement Facebook’s, and today, the company officially announced the feature.
The other feature they’re cribbing from elsewhere is disappearing messages, which are incorporated into the app’s messaging feature, Instagram Direct. Icons with blue rings around them will signal when the contents are temporary.
Both features should roll out to users in the next week or so.
Live video is incorporated into the service’s new Snapchat-cloning Stories feature. It’s a new option on the Stories camera screen and followers can get an alert when users go live. Live video will also be featured prominently in the app’s Explore section. There’s not a whole lot here you haven’t already seen: liking and commenting and whatnot.
Remember the article of clothing that went viral in February 2015 because nobody could decide if it was white and gold or blue and black? Of course you do. Who could forget the article of clothing that went viral in February 2015 because nobody could decide if it was white and gold or blue and black. Well, it’s maybe happening again. If you care. First spotted by BuzzFeed, a pair of Havaianas flip-flops are raising similar color questions on Twitter.
What do you see? Not that I care, but if your response is anything other than “white and gold” you are full of it. Havaianas, for what it’s worth, has noted that the sandals are actually two different shades of blue. So then again, maybe I’m full of it.
Anyway, if you are currently living in a climate warm enough to wear these flip-flops outside I hate you no matter what color you think they are.
Reddit users have discovered that a certain five-second-long video, when opened on an iPhone, will cause your phone to lock up and freeze about ten seconds after watching it. It’s like that video from The Ring, but on a much shorter timescale.
I’ve confirmed that the crash happens on an iPhone 7 Plus, after initially thinking nothing was going to happen. Here’s the chain of events: After I watch the video, I get about seven to ten seconds of normal operation, and then will start to see delay in touch input, and then, finally, my phone freezes until I do a hard reset. Other iPhone (and iPod Touch) owners have confirmed the video also freezes their devices, on a range of different versions of iOS. (Pro strat for iPhone 7 owners: You now do a hard reset by holding down the power button and the volume down button.)
Not convinced? You can try it out for yourself by heading over here on your iPhone and clicking the video link while browsing in Safari. (Warning: While that link won’t make your iPhone crash, clicking the video link you see once it loads absolutely will; proceed with caution). No permanent damage seems to happens to your phone — my iPhone was back to its usual self as soon as I hit restart.
Or, if you wanna avoid making your own phone a test bed for a bug testing, here’s a video showing off the freeze (skip to about 1:10 to avoid a bunch of “like and subscribe” requests).
Downloading and watching the video on a Mac desktop or laptop won’t cause the bug — you’ll simply download the file and be able to watch it in Quicktime or any other video player. It also doesn’t affect Android phones, which use a different type of video player than iPhones.
The problem seems to be that the video encoding is corrupted. When the iOS video player hits that corrupted bit of video at about five seconds in, it simply loops back and tries to play the video again, creating a memory leak that eats up more more and more of the phone’s RAM. After a few seconds, you’ll have an iPhone that’s basically an eternal screenshot of whatever you were looking at, until you reset it.
This is somewhat reminiscent of the “Effective Power” text-message bug, in which texting someone a certain string of characters would immediately crash their iPhone. This is slightly less harmful, in that you have to click the video to crash your phone. The “Effective Power” bug took about five days for Apple to patch up; it’s likely it’ll take about the same amount of time for Apple to issue a hotfix for this. I reached out to Apple for comment and will update if they say anything. Until then, be wary of anyone sending you a link to a video file, unless you dig frozen phones.
Remember last week when the hottest teen trend was standing still as a statue in goofy poses while your friend panned by with a camera? A simpler and safer time. Now, inspired by a group of students at Palmdale High School in California, the newest challenge to emerge from the primordial internet ooze involves lining up and forming a gauntlet on either side of a single person and then having every person in the lines throw their, ostensibly full, backpacks at him or her as he or she runs past, at full tilt, until succumbing to the packs and crumpling to the floor.
The original, shared by Twitter user Abucci Wood, whose bio proudly proclaims him the inventor of the challenge, has been retweeted over 26,000 times and counting. There are dozens more videos just like it under the hashtag #BackpackChallenge which you can look at yourself because I find them terrifying and refuse to embed anymore of them here.
Teens, please, for the sake of your developing brain cells, go back to freezing in place for fun.
For a short time on Tuesday evening, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey had his account, @Jack, suspended from the platform he runs and co-founded. If you tried to access his feed, you were greeted with a popup reading “Error: The account you are trying to view has been suspended.”
About 15 minutes after people – tech journalists trapped on trains home for Thanksgiving – on Twitter began calling attention to Dorsey’s mysterious suspension, the account came back online. First, it seemed Dorsey had unfollowed everyone of the roughly 2,500 people he follows and had lost millions of followers. Minutes later, his account had been restored in full. It’s unclear what caused the suspension, but Select All has reached out to Twitter and will update this post if we hear back. Curious to see if Twitter’s policy of refusing comment on individual accounts still holds water when the individual account in question is the guy steering the ship. Until then, this is as good a time as any to remind you to change your passwords to something other than “Twitter4Ever” or “JacksPassword.”
This is not unprecedented. Companies like Google have censored search results shown to Chinese users, and most major tech companies usually comply with government requests to block content. According to the Times:
That Facebook is hoping to reenter China is no surprise. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been cultivating relationships with diplomats and politicians, including president Xi Jinping, for a long time. Zuckerberg’s attitude is apparently that he would rather be a tool for partial conversation rather than nothing at all.
Still, employees have expressed concern internally over the tool, which has not been deployed and may never see the light of day. Its code is available to engineers at the company. Several of the employees working on the tool left over the summer.
In an effort to breach the Great Firewall of China, the New York Times reports Facebook has been developing “software to suppress posts from appearing in people’s news feeds in specific geographic areas.” The social network has been unavailable in the country since 2009.
All this was met with predictable outrage. Anonymous attendees at the TV meeting told The New Yorker’s David Remnick that Trump’s behavior was “totally inappropriate” and “fucking outrageous.” But the uncomfortable question is whether Trump needs the media at all, other than as a base-pleasing piñata to be regularly whacked. His ability to direct entire news cycles simply by firing volleys 140 characters at a time is often regarded as masterful. Can he just tweet out whatever he wants, building twitter.com/@realdonaldtrump into a primo source for news from the executive branch and shutting the fourth estate out entirely?
Amid the steady drumbeat of news about major cabinet appointments, the main theme of Donald Trump’s post-victory statements so far has been the continuation of his campaign’s war on the media. Trump has continued to refuse the presidency’s traditional press pool, even giving reporters the slip to go to dinner one evening, chastised (with varying degrees of severity, depending on which report you read) representatives of the major TV networks in an off-the-record meeting, and bashed the “failing” New York Times on Twitter.
Trump, on the other hand, tweets like a teenager — often, and seemingly without much forethought — and his tweets are shared, retweeted, “liked,” and replied to en masse. In theory, they allow him to avoid the media infrastructure entirely, speaking directly to voters and supporters in his inimitable and clearly powerful voice. As a way of making his points, his Twitter account is more useful to him than a relationship with the New York Times or Washington Post. And in some ways, it’s even laudable: Over Twitter, Trump is more seemingly forthcoming about his positions and thought processes than most practiced politicians are in interviews.
So what Trump has mastered is less the use of a social-media platform to perform an end run around the media than the use of the attention economy to ensure he dominates every news cycle. Space is no longer an issue; outlets are obligated to find stories to fill lengths of time and engagement targets, rather than numbers of print pages. Trump provides great food to fill that beast. Every outlet — mainstream, fringe, or fake — performs the job of sifting through social media for worthwhile things to feature in a blog post or article. And things that the president says are, by definition, “worthwhile,” or at least worth covering. Trump might start on Twitter, but that tweet gets amplified and discovered when it shows up repeatedly in articles and cable-news clips posted to Facebook afterward.
The problem with this idea, though, is that Trump still needs traditional media to pick up what he says and further it. Many more people talk about Twitter than actually use it (consider this: How many times have you seen a direct link to a tweet in your Facebook news feed?). It’s role is more as a feeding ground for other media, so Trump still relies on other outlets to distribute the content of those tweets to his supporters. In this sense, Twitter is not that different from issuing a press release.
There’s some precedent for this. Obama, the first president of the social-media age, sometimes put his message out through non-journalistic outlets like YouTube and Reddit; he frequently gave long speeches and relied on his supporters on Facebook and Twitter to distribute them in full, rather than leaving journalists to chop them up into articles. But for all his new-media savvy, Obama rarely tweeted, and it seems like the tweets he signed were workshopped. He also continued to regularly speak with the press via traditional means.
Given this, you might say that the media needs Trump more than the reverse. But, of course, it’s a two-way relationship. Trump relies on media, and can’t ignore it. It’s just that the media he relies on most isn’t storied Establishment outlets like the Times and the Post. It’s the cable shows from which many Americans get their news, which will spend several segments dissecting a Trump tweet. It’s the bootleg news sites that try to leverage Trump’s popularity on Facebook into advertising revenue by posting obsessively about his social-media activity. And it’s Twitter and Facebook themselves — not traditional media companies by any means, but companies that Trump requires for his own success. Much scarier to Trump than a fight with the Times over on-the-record rules would be a fight with Twitter about his account.
If you want to get in on Black Friday sales, you don’t need to shove in, cheek to jowl, among the folks at your local big box for a shot at bargain electronics. Shopping online on Black Friday still nets you solid savings on consumer tech, and you can do it while slowly grazing through a fridge full of leftovers. Here’s some of my picks.
KMASHI 10,000 mAh External Battery Power Bank for $11.89
One of the smarter things I’ve done this year is to start carrying around a large external battery pack. While cell phones are getting better about squeezing in enough battery power to last a full day, many premium models still struggle with constant usage from morning to evening. These larger external packs are meant to give you multiple charges on your phone (or Kindle or tablet or anything than can be charged via USB) without the constant recharging required by those lipstick-size battery packs you can buy at the gas station. KMASHI makes good batteries, and a 10,000 mAH battery should be able to completely recharge your standard iPhone 7 at least four times, plus get you very close to full on a fifth charge-up. For 12 bucks (down from their usual price of $39), the peace of mind of carrying a bunch of extra juice in your bag is a no-brainer.
SanDisk 128 Gigabyte USB Drive for $22.99
With the price of solid-state hard drives continuing to plummet, you can now get an absurd amount of storage for the price of a decent dinner. There’s a lot you can do with 128 gigs of bargain storage. Unless you’ve got a ton of movies or games on your laptop, you can back up everything you have on this. Thanks to USB 3.0 and its 150-megabytes-per-second transfer speed, you could also just use this as an extremely cheap semi-permanent secondary hard drive for storing large files. Or just never worry about having enough room to cart that PowerPoint presentation to a meeting ever again. For 23 bucks, go nuts.
Mpow Cheetah Bluetooth Sweatproof Headphones for $22
You can spent a lot on wireless workout headphones, but I’m always a fan of finding cheap options and buying a couple rather than putting all my eggs in one basket. The Mpow Cheetahs have solid sound, stay put in your ears, and will keep working no matter how much of a Sweaty Betty you may be (not something you can say for headphones that cost five times as much). Even if you have a nicer pair, these are a good backup plan to keep in your gym bag or by your front door.
Nintendo is pretty tightfisted when it comes to price drops on their hardware (the Wii U, for instance, despite weak sales, is seeing no price drop this holiday season). So the handheld 3DS hitting its cheapest price ever is something to take note of. The game library is deep (particularly if you’re fond of established Nintendo franchises or Japanese-style RPGS), the 3-D effect is cool (even if you’ll end up turning it off a lot to save battery power and your eyeballs), and at this price, it’s worth a grab, especially if you find yourself with a lot of downtime while on the move (or want to be the coolest parent and/or aunt and/or uncle ever). Some games to grab if you’re getting this: The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D, Fire Emblem: Awakening, Shovel Knight, and Super Mario 3D Land.
Sennheiser HD 598 Cs for $99
If you’re down with wired headphones, these Sennheiser headphones are an incredible deal at $99 (down from their usual price of $199). The sound is sharp and particularly good at giving you a sense of space while listening, the over-the-ear headphones come with a closed back, which means that you get a nice seal against outside noise, and they come with a mic and remote so you can take phone calls while wearing them. A leatherette headband is a nice touch, as are the velour padded ear cups. Sennheiser has been turning out incredibly solid consumer headphones for a while now, and these are no exception.
Nintendo 3DS Handheld Console for $99
PlayStation 4 Slim Uncharted 4 Bundle for $249
With the PlayStation Pro entering the market, there’s now even more downward pressure on the base PlayStation 4 price. Sony has clearly won the console wars for this generation, boasting a larger player base if you want to hop online and many, many more exclusive titles than competitors. One of best of those exclusive titles is Uncharted 4, a piece of pure escapist fun, as you run and gun along with fortune hunter Nathan Drake. The game features massive set pieces and beautiful landscapes that are still among the best graphics seen on the PS4 (or anywhere, really). The PS4 Slim is a solid bit of tech — smaller, quieter, and less of a power hog than the original PS4. If you’ve been waiting for console prices to dip down, this is a great option. (There’s also a Black Friday deal on a second PS4 controller, well worth picking up as well.)
Luma Wi-Fi Router 3-Pack for $299 and Eero Wi-fi Router 3-Pack for $399
If you’ve been struggling to get Wi-Fi to go everywhere in your house, or just want to get rid of nagging dead zones, a mesh network Wi-Fi router is for you. Spread these through your home, and you’ll be able to get strong Wi-Fi on every floor and in every nook and cranny. Luma and Eero have both been on the forefront of mesh network routers, and with Google about to release their own competing versions, both are slashing prices by $100 per three-pack of their Wi-Fi routers for Black Friday. Eero is slightly more expensive but easier to set up, while the Luma allows you some control over who sees what in your network — helpful if you’ve got a household with kids and don’t want them looking at some of the darker corners of the internet.
If you’ve been looking around at mid-range cell phones and have been disappointed by what you’re seeing, this deal on the LG G5 smartphone is for you. LG runs a relatively lightweight version of Android (compared to the heavy skins of Samsung phones), and the G5 is still less than a year old and full of premium features, including dual rear cameras, a solid aluminium body, a snappy processor, and high-quality screen. You can also replace the battery, meaning you can carry an extra with you if you’re going to be out and about for a long time. Down from its usual price of $650, the LG G5, at $399, is the most phone for the least amount of money right now.
The Koss ESP-950s are over 20 years old but have remained a consistent cult classic among audiophiles, thanks to being an entry into the world of electrostatic transducer headphones, a whole different beast than the dynamic drivers used in everything from $15 Skullcandy earbuds to $999 high-end Sennheisers. You can spend a while reading up on what, exactly, the difference between the two is, but bottom line: Electrostatic headphones are going to sound better, especially if you’re listening to music from a CD or high-quality audio file. You can close your eyes while listening to detect exactly where in the room an instrument is coming from, and pick up tiny details in favorite songs you may have never heard. These aren’t on-the-go cans (you’ll need to run music through a provided amplifier to even get these working), but they are the best sound you’re going to get for $649 — down from the usual price of $999.
Koss ESP-950 Electrostatic Headphones for $649
HTC Vive Virtual-Reality Headset for $699
If you’re going to take the full-on plunge into VR, the HTC Vive is the way to go, especially with $100 knocked off its usual price of $799. Its room-scale virtual reality, which lets you walk around in a virtual world, is by far the best experience you can have in VR right now, and the games on offer are shaping up to be the equal of what the Oculus Rift offers. You’re still going to need a somewhat beefy PC, but prices on pre-built PCs ready for VR are dropping quickly (and, in this case, are priced below what it would cost you to build the same setup from scratch). With no hardware refreshes for the Oculus Rift or the Vive on the horizon, this may be the lowest we see the Vive priced for a while, so if you’ve been considering jumping in, this is the time to do so.
LG 55-Inch OLED 55B6P TV for $1,799
A TV that costs as much as the monthly rent for a one-bedroom apartment in an outer-borough may not seem like much of a bargain. Here’s why it’s included: LG’s OLED TVs are by far the best TVs being made right now, and usually cost at least $2,499. Even at $1,799, you’re still handing over a chunk of change for a TV, but seeing an OLED versus a traditional LED or LCD screen in person (which I highly recommend doing if you have the chance) was the first time I really could see the promise of 4K televisions. Colors look tremendously better, especially darker colors that tend to smudge together on non-OLED screens, and the contrast gains make everything seem extra-vibrant, like you’ve nibbled on just the tiniest bit of mushrooms. This means everything you watch will look better, whether you’re watching a rerun on cable or a movie on a 4K UHD disc. It can still be tricky to find 4K content out there, but that will be changing rapidly. This is a great deal for a TV that will continue to have one of the best-looking screens for years to come; it’ll be early in the next decade, at least, before any new tech comes on the market that will look better than OLED TVs.
LG G5 Unlocked Smartphone for $399
My favorite story about the internet is the one about the anonymous Japanese guy who liberated Czechoslovakia. In 1989, as open dissent was spreading across the country, dissidents were attempting to coordinate efforts outside the watchful eye of Czechoslovak state security. The internet was a nascent technology, and the cops didn’t use it; modems were banned, and activists were able to use only those they could smuggle over the border, one at a time. Enter our Japanese guy. Bruce Sterling, who first told the story of the Japanese guy in a 1995 Wired article, says he talked to four different people who’d met the quiet stranger, but no one knew his name. What really mattered, anyway, is what he brought with him: “a valise full of brand-new and unmarked 2400-baud Taiwanese modems,” which he handed over to a group of engineering students in Prague before walking away. “The students,” Sterling would later write, “immediately used these red-hot 2400-baud scorcher modems to circulate manifestos, declarations of solidarity, rumors, and riot news.” Unrest expanded, the opposition grew, and within months, the Communist regime collapsed.
Is it true? Were free modems the catalyst for the Velvet Revolution? Probably not. But it’s a good story, the kind whose logic and lesson have become so widely understood — and so foundational to the worldview of Silicon Valley — as to make its truth irrelevant. Isn’t the best way to fortify the town square by giving more people access to it? And isn’t it nice to know, as one storied institution and industry after another falls to the internet’s disrupting sword, that everything will be okay in the end — that there might be some growing pains, but connecting billions of people to one another is both inevitable and good? Free speech will expand, democracy will flower, and we’ll all be rich enough to own MacBooks. The new princes of Silicon Valley will lead us into the rational, algorithmically enhanced, globally free future.
Or, they were going to, until earlier this month. The question we face now is: What happens when the industry destroyed is professional politics, the institutions leveled are the same few that prop up liberal democracy, and the values the internet disseminates are racism, nationalism, and demagoguery?
Powerful undemocratic states like China and Russia have for a while now put the internet to use to mislead the public, create the illusion of mass support, and either render opposition invisible or expose it to targeting. The paid bureaucrats in the Communist Party’s “50-cent army” flood debates on Chinese social media and message boards with nationalist propaganda. Russia’s armies of trolls smear critics, spread propaganda, and sow paranoia — both nationally and abroad, as when a cache of leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee drowned real news in innuendo and conspiracy.
It’s not only state actors who use the internet for illiberal ends. In Myanmar, where internet use has exploded from one to 20 percent of the population over the past two years, fake news about Muslims has “correlated with a surge in anti-Muslim protests and attacks on local Muslim groups,” reported BuzzFeed’s Sheera Frenkel. Here in the U.S., racist, misogynistic, and anti-­Semitic trolls on Twitter harass journalists critical of Trump while a brigade of bots sing his praises under each of his tweets. On Facebook, a host of fake and misleading news sites has spread an epidemic of misinformation and propaganda.
Not all of this activity is motivated by hatred. Some portion of the illiberal rhetoric online is inorganic, funded or Astroturfed by third parties like Palmer Luckey, the 24-year-old virtual-reality wunderkind who admitted this summer to funding a political-action committee dedicated to “shitposting” in favor of Trump. Some is driven purely by the close-margin math of hucksters: Write a fake viral article and sell ads for miracle erectile-dysfunction cures. And some portion is motivated by genuine if misguided grievances, manipulated and accelerated through social media, which favors a politics that relies on fearmongering and heightened emotion, as appeals to tribal identity. This can lead to vital movements for justice. It can also lead to a man who called Mexicans “rapists” being elected president.
Silicon Valley is, slowly, coming to terms with the way its products have enabled the revival of illiberal populism around the world. Only a week after the election, Twitter finally introduced some simple anti-harassment tools that its users had been requesting for years. It’s not encouraging, by any means, that we’re reduced to begging powerful CEOs to institute changes to their popular products for the sake of democracy. At Facebook, frustrated employees formed a secret working group aimed at dealing with “fake news”; eventually, Zuckerberg declared that the company would take several concrete steps to address it. A week later, the New York Times reported that the company had been working on a censorship tool in an effort to reenter the Chinese market.
But the recent panicked focus on fixing the “fake news” problem itself seems inadequate, reliant on the belief that merely by ensuring that hoaxes and lies are unable to circulate on social networks, we can return to civil public discourse. That misinformation plagues our politics is a symptom of a larger, more existential problem: The tech industry has disrupted the public sphere and has shown neither the interest nor the ability to reconstruct it. No matter what Facebook might believe, there is no turnkey algorithmic solution that will ensure a perfect civic network. It will always be possible for people who take advantage of networks’ “dumb” nature — their inability to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate traffic — to flood them with junk.
Is it possible to encourage productive, meaningful speech online without regulating the speech itself? A stronger public sphere might emerge if the power of the few companies that determine the dissemination of news and ideas were greatly reduced. If Facebook’s effective monopoly on online distribution were broken, a new set of ways to report and share news could arise: a social network where the sources of articles were highlighted rather than the users sharing them. A platform that makes it easier to read a full story than to share one unread. A news feed that provides alternative sources and analysis beneath every shared article. We can’t believe that merely connecting people is enough to enable freedom. But if we abandon the air of inevitability that has surrounded the expansion of the internet and the politics we’ve too long presumed it enables, we may find that it still is a fantastic tool for democracy — in concert with a strong free press; transparent, independent institutions; and the old-fashioned democratic value of arguing with your neighbors to their faces, rather than with their Twitter accounts.
*This article appears in the November 28, 2016, issue of New York Magazine.
Head’s up: If you buy stuff through our links, New York may earn a commission. That said, we don’t recommend anything we wouldn’t buy for ourselves.
If you’re looking for a way to avoid getting back to work after a four-day weekend, browsing for some decent Cyber Monday deals isn’t the worst way to do it. You can always ignore that inbox for a while longer. (And be sure to check out our Black Friday picks as well — most of those deals will be running through today.)
Admission time: I’ve been using some very ugly rabbit ears as my HDTV antenna and it’s time for the madness to stop. To that end, I’m grabbing this much subtler 1byone HDTV antenna. For 18 bucks (down from its list price of $40), this will still grab all the over-the-air channels I need, without being an entertainment setup eyesore.
Harman Kardon Soho Headphones for $39.95
These wired on-air headphones look great, deliver good sound, usually run for $100 — getting them for $40 is a steal. They’re solid desk or commute headphones, and well worth picking up.
Anova WiFi Sous Vide Precision Cooker for $126.65
1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna for $17.99
Normally jamming WiFi and Bluetooth on a kitchen device would make me roll my eyes, but the Anova sous vide cooker has been getting rave reviews for a while now. Insert the cooker into an ice-water bath, put your food in an airtight plastic bag and drop it in, set the temperature you want the food to hit, and step away. Drop your steaks in the ice-cold water in the morning, start the sous vide process from your phone while wrapping up work for the day, and have perfect medium-rare meat ready for a quick sear waiting when you get home.
We’ve written about our fondness for the Amazon Echo before — it’s great if you have a smart home, but also just an extremely solid speaker that can easily replace any Bluetooth speaker you may have floating around, as well as making simple tasks like checking the weather or re-upping on paper towels stupidly easy. Amazon is knocking $40 off the Echo’s normal price — if you’ve been considering one, this is a good price at which to grab it.
Amazon Echo for $139.99
Sony KDL40R350D 40-Inch 1080p LED TV for $149.99
Google Home for $99
The Google Home, Google’s response to the Echo, is also on a deep discount, down from $129 to just $99. We ran down the differences between the Echo and the Home when the Home was released, but it really comes down to personal preference. I think the Alexa has slightly better sound, and the shopping convenience is hard to argue against. The Home is a bit more fun to interact with, and looks a bit less menacing than the black cylinder of the Echo. Let your heart be your guide.
TCL 32S3800 32-Inch 720p Roku Smart LED TV for $125
This TV may not wow anyone, but if you’re looking for a secondary screen, this is still a very sharp-looking TV that will usually run you $300. It doesn’t come with WiFi connectivity or any smart-TV functions — but that’s easily fixable with an Amazon Fire Stick, also on sale for $30 (down from $40).
TCL’s Roku TVs are great simply because they integrate the convenience of the Roku instead of trying to create a homebrew smart-TV system. If getting a 720p TV in 2016 gives you pause, you’re not going to notice the difference on a screen this size. Perfect for a simple-and-easy secondary TV, or for a bedroom or dorm room, especially for just $125, down from it’s usual price of $170.
Xbox One S 500GB Battlefield 1 Bundle for $212.49
Vizio 50-inch 4K Ultra HD Home Theater Display with Chromecast Built-in for $379.99
If you’re looking for a replacement for your main television, this is the best deal I found. Vizio has quietly become one of the quality TV manufacturers over the past few years, and this 50-inch 4K set, which normally runs $600, is a bargain for $380. The built-in Chromecast is just icing on the cake.
If you’ve been curious about getting a Roomba, the 614 is for you, particularly at just $260. Roombas and other robotic vacuum cleaners won’t completely replace the need to get out your regular vacuum cleaner from time to time, but having a Roomba running keeps the baseline dirt level down. Also? Pretty fun to watch in action.
The Koss ESP-950s have been a consistent cult classic among audiophiles, thanks to being an entry in the world of electrostatic transducer headphones, a whole different beast from the dynamic drivers used in everything from $15 Skullcandy earbuds to $999 high-end Sennheisers. You can read up on what the exact difference between the two is, but bottom line: Electrostatic headphones are going to sound better, especially if you’re listening to music from a CD or high-quality audio file. These aren’t on-the-go cans (you’ll need to run music through a provided amplifier to even get these working), but they are the best sound you’re going to get for $649 — down from the usual price of $999.
Roomba 614 on Amazon for $249.99
The Xbox One S, able to display 4K video games and movies, is a slick little machine. Take $30 off the base price and throw in Battlefield 1, my personal favorite shooter of 2016, and you’ve got a very, very nice deal.
It would be almost rude to close out the year without another flare-up regarding the exchange of human remains on Tumblr, the premier social network and microblogging service for the discussion and exchange of human remains. Last year, it was “Boneghazi,” in which a self-styled witch admitted to, apparently, collecting bone fragments from a Louisiana graveyard.
This year, it’s one user sending another user their pinky toe in order to get it made it into a necklace. (Heads up: This is not a joke and there is a not-too-discomfiting photo of the toe.)
At least one other user is offering to send their own extant body parts.
That’s nice! Nothing like two people meeting over the internet and one person sending the other a toe in order to get a necklace made.
According to the toe recipient, cummy-eyelids (sorry), the toe was “amputated nearly a decade ago. 2011 was the expiration date of the preservation solution hence why I’m changing the solution and jar for her.”
Uh, so yeah, that’s what’s happening on Tumblr. Reached for comment, a Tumblr spokesperson said, “We’re happy to see how these two have connected over their shared passion.”
This post has been updated with Tumblr’s official response.
For at least a month, Apple iCal users have been getting hit with a particularly annoying (and, frankly, ingenious) form of spam, in which they receive invites to events like “Value Brand glasses as low as 19.99” with a URL attached at the bottom. Thanks to a quirk of iCloud and iCal integration, victims receive an email about the invite in their iCloud email; also see the spam invite in their iCal pop-up on their desktop; and even sometimes get reminders on their iPhones about the cheap Oakleys.
It’s unclear what happened to cause the sudden uptick in this form of spam. It’s actually a somewhat old type of spam — users were reporting similar attempts back in 2008. My best guess? A group of Chinese spammers hit upon the idea, had a large email list from somewhere, and leased some time on a botnet to blast out the iCal invites, thus avoiding the pretty sophisticated spam filters in place for email clients nowadays.
If you’ve been getting hit, here’re two methods to stop it, one dead simple but that will cut off your iCloud syncing, and one that’ll still let you use iCloud but requires a bit more legwork.
But what if you want to keep using your iCloud calendar from your desktop? Then you’re going to have to get a bit more crafty.
Let’s start with simple first, which is best if you don’t use your iCloud calendar all that much, but use your desktop calendar quite a bit.
2. Log into to your account and then unclick, “Use iCloud for contacts, calendars, reminders, notes, and Safari.” (Note: You may need to sign out and then sign back into your iCloud account to get to this screen.) This will mean you won’t sync to iCloud from your desktop, but you also won’t be hit with desktop notifications about cheap Louis Vuitton bags.
1. Go to your computer’s System Preferences and select iCloud
1. Don’t dismiss or respond at all to the event invites — all this does is confirm that your email address is indeed active, ensuring you’ll get hit with more spam in the future.
2. Instead, set up a dummy calendar for all the spam invites you’ve gotten so far. Name it whatever you like, and then reclassify all the spam messages you’ve gotten as belonging to that calendar. Next hit “Edit” and then delete the calendar with all the invites about Ugg boots — without the spammers getting any notification about whether you’ve seen the invite or not.
3. Unless you want clearing out spam invites to become a general housecleaning duty, next go to your iCloud calendar on your desktop (you won’t be able to do this from your phone). Hit the gear icon in the lower left-hand side for Preferences and then hit Advanced. Change how you receive notifications from “in-app” to “email.” You’ll still get hit with spam, but it’ll land in your inbox instead of popping up while you’re trying to get work done — and hopefully your email spam filters are a bit better than Apple’s iCloud at spotting spam. This does mean, however, that you’ll need to also stay on top of your inbox a bit more for legit invitations for things that you do want to have on your calendar.
Hopefully, Apple can figure out a way to block the mass invites via iCloud. In the meantime, these are the best workarounds to avoid the whole mess altogether.
These gifts run the gambit — from futuristic (a semi-self-driving car, the best VR headset, an olfactory alarm clock) to reinvented old-school (a classic Nintendo system you can plug into your laptop, a Bluetooth boom box, a turntable that travels). See all the ideas below.
To-Go TurntableA portable Crosley record player. There’s even a headphone jack — for listening to EPs on the Metro-North. (For more recommendations on record players and turntables click here.)
Really Cool RobotThe Cozmo is an AI-powered robot that recognizes faces and gets smarter the more you play with it.
Old-School NintendoOne of the season’s biggest gifts; just plug into a TV or laptop, and you’ll be head-butting coins in no time.
Olfactory Alarm ClockChoose from seven scents to wake up to, including espresso, croissant, seaside, and toast.
Smart TickerIn addition to the time, the hyperprogrammable LaMetric can display the weather, tweets, email, or news.
Golf CheaterThe DT Smart Putter comes with a built-in surface level that enables a more precise stroke.
Say Anything Boom BoxJohn Cusack–era on the outside, ability to stream songs via Bluetooth on the inside.
Anti-Distraction WatchThe RE-vibe buzzes the wearer to remind her to stop refreshing her Twitter feed.
The VR Headset to GetYou’ll need a Pixel phone to run Google’s Daydream View, but thanks to its built-in controller and comfortable design, this is one VR headset you won’t be itching to rip off after 15 minutes.
Fur Phone CaseNina Cheng’s protector is almost too precious to take outside the house. She buys fur grown free-range from a Yupik Eskimo village in Western Alaska, while the inner jelly case is 3-D-printed in Brooklyn.
Circulation BoosterThe Revitive Medic uses electrical muscle stimulation that moves up through the feet and legs to relieve pains, aches, and tired feelings.
Portable ProjectorThe two-inch UO Smart Beam cube uses Wi-Fi to connect to your devices and is a laser projection, so it never needs to be refocused.
PlayStation 4 ProNext-gen console gaming lets you take advantage of playing on a 4K TV with the best possible graphics.
The Vacuum Cleaner of Hair DryersDyson’s signature airflow enters the beauty world.
Non-Compromising HeadphonesSennheiser Momentum 2.0’s rich bass, warm mid-range, and precise high end are the best in wireless listening.
Underwater DroneThe next frontier for drones will be down, not up. Get a head start with the Aqua-Vu.
Luddite SpeakersThe maple here is carved to remove digital signal processing, similar to how architects design concert halls for the experience of live music, while also eliminating the standing waves that cause distortion.
Every InstrumentThe Artiphon Instrument 1 is a guitar, piano, violin, drum pad, and synthesizer all in one.
Tony Hawk’s WalkmanThe skater, who’s a tech geek, says the AIWA HS-J500 was “the pinnacle of a Walkman” in 1985.
A Semi-Self-Driving CarAbout the closest we can get to one right now. Infiniti Q50’s Active Lane Control keeps you in the center of the lane, eliminating steering-wheel corrections.
If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission.
Ever since Donald Trump picked retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as his national security adviser, critics of the move have pointed out that Flynn, based on his Twitter account and speeches, seems to live in a twilight zone of conspiracy theories. Many of them involve Islam — as CNN’s Andrew Kaczynski and Nathan McDermott reported last week, Flynn has regularly pushed gonzo conspiracy theories about alleged Muslim plots.
Yiannopoulos, a failed London tech entrepreneur who once attempted to extort a former employee who asked for wages Yiannopoulos refused to pay until he was sued, has built a successful career out of getting progressives to react angrily to his outrageous statements, and by getting what appears to be a largely young and male audience of fans to cheer him on for fighting “political correctness.” Naturally, many of Yiannopoulos’s most offensive statements have involved Muslims: He has referred to “hordes of young Muslim radicals affectionately known as ‘rapefugees’”; compared Islam to the Borg, a murderous, leaderless cyborg collective from the Star Trek; and explicitly stated that Islam, not just radical Islam, poses a dangerous threat to the West. During a recent “art” event in New York, he bathed in pigs’ blood to make some sort of point about Muslims.So, a friendly reminder: National security adviser is not a position that requires Senate confirmation. Soon Michael Flynn, big-time Milo Yiannopoulos fan and retweeter of anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, will have access to the government’s most sensitive secrets.
At one point, for example, “Flynn falsely claimed that Florida Democrats voted to impose Islamic Shariah law at the state and local level.” He has also claimed, in a recent book he co-authored, that radical Islamists have built a global anti-American alliance including “North Korea, Russia, China, Cuba and Venezuela.” He isn’t just suspicious of Muslims; in June he also retweeted a tweet which read, in part, “Not anymore, Jews. Not anymore” — an apparent reference, in context, to pernicious Jewish influence over CNN.In light of all this, it’s probably no surprise that Flynn is a big fan of Milo Yiannopoulos, Breitbart’s tech editor. As Kaczynski writes in a CNN article posted today:
My desk, normally a rat’s nest of cords and empty Diet Coke cans, has gotten a serious upgrade lately. That’s because I’ve had Electric Objects’ EO2 sitting on it, a $299, 1080p, 23-inch digital art display I’ve set up to slowly cycle through classic and contemporary art, everything from van Gogh to Tumblr-esque GIF madness.
Electric Objects and the EO2 represent an attempt by its founder, Jake Levine, to democratize fine art, take it out of the gallery and into the home, and make it as ubiquitous as music or Netflix. It’s an admirable effort — get art seen by more people and remove the exclusivity that fuels so much of the current art scene.
The EO2, the second iteration of the company’s online digital frames, seeks to do that through a subscription service, Art Club, which finds interesting upcoming artists and makes their work available for the EO2. The setup and control are simple: Plug in the frame, register it with your phone, and start browsing art from your phone or computer. You get a free 30-day subscription to Art Club (which is $9.99 per month thereafter), which has over over 1,000 works by 200 different artists currently. Even if you don’t take the plunge on the Art Club, the Community section has over 30,000 images to browse.
And, of course, because the EO2 is a digital display, it can show objects in motion. How much you’ll enjoy these will vary greatly depending on your personal taste — I found some of the subtler, more thoughtful motion effects to be fantastic, while the more frenetic video works came off like hyperactive screensavers, more eyesore than artwork. But the gems here are utterly unlike anything you could normally hang on your wall.
There’s also the fact that if you want to hang this on a wall (and I think its natural place is on a wall, though Electric Objects also sells a stand so you can put it on a table or shelf), there will be a long cord running off it. Creative interior decorators can no doubt find ways to hide these wires, but it’s something to consider.
It’s not all perfect. The 1080p display looks fine a few feet away, but lean in close and you’ll spot pixels easily enough — the cost of a producing something with enough pixel density where that would simply disappear still remains too high. It also relies heavily on the art being high-resolution enough look crisp on the screen — some of the pieces available through Art Club, even non-moving images, looked surprisingly pixelated or with noticeable image artifacts. The EO2 9:16 aspect ratio makes for a particularly tall and narrow portrait screen. This means nearly all the classic pieces of art you can display are cropped to show off only certain sections — or have floating blank space at the top and bottom of the images. Artists selected for the Art Club know the dimensions they’ll be working with and most work well within them, but outside that you start to run into some issues.
There’s real fun to be had here. Discovery, whether by simply scrolling through the artist directory or seeing what’s popular among users, can lead you down all sorts of rabbit holes. Each piece has a “Similar Art” underneath, and it’s easy to hopscotch your way through works. You can also browse what other users have chosen to display on their EO2, and then haunt their picks to see how closely the rest of their taste matches up to your own. The Art Club also does rotating installations of sorts, compiling works by different artists around certain themes. Just a few hours in, I had already stumbled across artists like damp camp and Grace Blake that I never would have found otherwise. You can also set up playlists of certain works, and set how often to rotate through them — the type of thing you might do before a dinner party or just to have something to look at while working.
Finally, there are just some moments where the tech’s reach outstrips its grasp. The EO2 is great at showing vibrant oil paintings — the light from the LED screen makes the color in the classic oil paintings of Vermeer or van Gogh seem luminous. Other painters, like Gustav Klimt, with his heavy reliance on gold leaf, look washed-out on the EO2 — it would be better to buy a $20 print and frame that. Black-and-white photography suffers even more — LED screens simply can’t reproduce the inky blacks needed to create real depth and contrast, making classic photographs look overexposed. Again, a cheap print is, from a pure visual-fidelity standpoint, going to look better. (This could be alleviated with an OLED screen, but then you wouldn’t be able to snag one for $299, and would have other issues like screen burn in to worry about.)
But even a low-cost print costs a fair amount to frame (or the time, tools, and skill to make perfect miter joints), and once you’ve framed and hung something, that’s all it’ll ever be. The EO2 can be tens of thousands of different works of art, everything from classics to fascinating data visualizations. Our tastes, like everything else about us, shift over time. The EO2 is one of the few pieces of art you can hang on your wall that will shift with you.
A small note: If you buy something through some of our links, New York may get a small cut of the sale. That said, we don’t recommend things we wouldn’t buy ourselves.
Picture someone who has just fallen for a fake-news article — who, for example, is feverishly sharing a convoluted story about how Hillary Clinton runs a child-abuse ring out of a D.C. pizzeria with John Podesta. They’re middle-aged or older, right? After all, it’s the nation’s uncles and grandmas, not its #teens, who are credulous and tech-unsavvy enough to fall into the many tar pits of fake news dotting the online landscape.
From the interview:
Except maybe not. Recently, NPR reported last week on All Things Considered, Stanford professor Sam Wineburg ran a study in which he asked “asked more than 7,800 students to evaluate online articles and news sources.” The results were demoralizing. “Large portions of the students — at times as much as 80 or 90 percent — had trouble judging the credibility of the news they read,” said host Kelly McEvers.
On the one hand, it isn’t surprising that young people have the same cognitive biases and kneejerk tendencies as their parents and grandparents. On the other, many kids spend all day online, and you would think such constant exposure to the internet would bring with it some level of facility with navigating competing and bogus claims. Maybe not. Sad!
A study like this lends credence to the idea that, as a result of those biases and tendencies, there’s something plain broken and off about the way people process information they find online — off in a way that makes it extremely easy for them to be victimized by sponsored content dressed up to look like real stories, or InfoWars “scoops,” or Exclusive Offers, or whatever else. It’s a fundamental indictment of the way digital media operates and what it does to us. Humans have always been credulous, but never before has our credulity been attacked on so many simultaneous fronts.
You’ve probably, at some point, gotten a text alert on your phone about some nasty weather, an Amber Alert about a missing child, or even a (very poorly worded) alert about police looking for a criminal. These 90-character messages, known as Wireless Emergency Alerts (or WEAs), are part of a program put in place after Congress passed the Warning, Alert, and Response Network (WARN) Act, in 2006. WEAs allow for targeted messages to be sent to every cell phone getting a signal from certain geographically relevant cell towers (or, in a national emergency, all of them).
Here’s where things get interesting. Per the FCC, a WEA may be sent for three different reasons:
This fun quirk of the Wireless Emergency Alert system was brought to my attention by Twitter user Chris Lawrence:
While it’d be a true nightmare to get screeching alerts from your phone that “Loser Senate Democrats still won’t confirm great man Peter Thiel to Supreme Court. Sad!”, there are some checks and balances on this. While President-elect Trump hasn’t shown much impulse control when it comes to his favorite mass-messaging service, Twitter, the process for issuing a WEA isn’t as simple as typing out a 90-character alert from a presidential smartphone and hitting “Send.”
This is the implied aim of Facebook’s video API, the technical entry point for producers to pump video into Facebook’s network: The API is meant for broadcasting setups that are not phone-based.
Photo-filter app Prisma, the popular program which makes pictures and video look like painterly art, had its access to Facebook’s Live Video API revoked this month, TechCrunch reports.
It is “best” for complex video setups, but not exclusively for. The API can also be used to “[i]nclude special effects like instant replays, on-screen graphics, live poll results, comment moderation, real time viewer engagement.”
According to Prisma, Facebook justified choking off Prisma’s access by stating, “Your app streams video from a mobile device camera, which can already be done through the Facebook app. The Live Video API is meant to let people publish live video content from other sources such as professional cameras, multi-camera setups, games or screencasts.”
The problem is that none of this is explained in Facebook’s documentation for developers. In fact, it states the opposite. Here is the very first question from the company’s Live API FAQ (emphasis added):
What Facebook is really doing is brazenly choking off a competitor before they launch their own clone of Prisma’s on-the-fly video filters. Facebook has been testing their in-house version for a few weeks.
Rarely is Facebook’s attempt at squelching upstart competition as visible as it is here. Usually, these things are at least justified by the platform holders’ terms of use, stated at the outset. Instead, Facebook decided to cut off a competitor for reasons that contradict its own language.
It’s a tale as old as time. Prisma told TechCrunch that they still have big plans for live video.
All WEAs must be issued through FEMA’s Integrated Public Alert & Warning System, meaning that an emergency alert from the president still has at least one layer to pass through before being issued. While FEMA is under control of the executive branch (the head of FEMA is selected by the president, and reports to the Department of Homeland Security), the agency would have a vested interest in not seeing their alert system bent toward, uh, non-emergency ends.
Perhaps an even bigger protection: Getting access to the system requires some time and effort — most people with access take at least two courses in how to use the system — something that it’s hard to imagine Trump (who doesn’t use a computer) learning how to do on his own. Which means he would need the help of his support staff to issue a WEA about how news outlets still refuse to stop taking pictures that emphasize his double chin — and the only time Trump’s Twitter wasn’t full of random surges of pure id and spite was when his campaign staff took his Twitter account away from him.
If there’s anything to take away from the madness that is 2016, it’s that everybody lives in a bubble — the combination of where you live and the media you consume, crystallized, as these things are, in your Facebook feed. If you wish to know just how much of a bubble you’re in, there’s now a handy Chrome extension for that, PolitEcho.
Liu and his team first built PolitEcho at the Facebook Global Hackathon Finals in Menlo Park, California, clocking in under 20 hours. For now, all the data it collects is private, he says, but once the extension opens up to more than the founders’ friends, they might start tracking aggregate results.
The bubbleness of a given feed is determined by a simple-enough algorithm: The team has a database of real news, fake news, and politicians’ Facebook pages, each with a political leaning score assigned to them: The New York Times is tagged liberal, Fox News conservative. Then friends get their leanings calculated based on the political pages they’ve liked.
To Vivian Mo, another Princeton undergrad on the team, the most exciting thing has been seeing just how blue her and her friends bubbles look. “Ironically, we think of ourselves as open-minded and diverse, only to find that we’ve surrounded ourselves with people who have the same political leanings,” she said.
It’s a sensible genesis story: Cruising into the election, Princeton computer-science student Zachary Liu thought that, judging by his news feed, Clinton would win in a landslide. But it turned out that the Orange Bubble was not indicative of the country. As is clearly evident in hindsight, you would have missed the widespread support for Trump if you didn’t have a right-leaning network, by the nature of the filter bubble. “Thus emerged the idea of PolitEcho, a visualization of our echo bubbles, a wakeup call to just how skewed our world view is,” he told Select All via Twitter direct message.
It’s super simple: Just hop into the Chrome store, click download, and it’ll pull in your Facebook data. After a couple minutes, you get a visualization of the political leanings of all your friends and their news feed, then another visualization of the people who show up the most in your feed, and the publications whose posts they share. The experience is both jarring and humbling.
Justin Bieber deleted his Instagram over the summer and save for one “accidental” reactivation — yeah, okay, Justin, sure — the singer has stayed off the platform and said no more about it. Until now. And, wow, does the guy who sang “Baby” back in 2010 and made you feel weirdly hot for a teen have some strong feelings about the photo-and-video platform. At the final performance of his Purpose tour, Bieber told a London audience that Instagram is “for the devil.”
Good luck with climbing out of those DMs, Justin. There’s a great Miley Cyrus song I think might inspire you.
In an attempt to be hip to the times, the admissions office at the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay is doing something different this year to let accepted students know they’re in. This year, in addition to the traditional “big envelope” accepted students receive in the mail, they will also receive a Snapchat congratulating them on their acceptance.
The big question here is how the university is collecting students’ Snapchat handles in the application process. Welcome to 2016, prospective students. We’ll need your GPA, SAT scores, all social-media handles, and your favorite dank meme to consider your application.
The shockingly simple process of adding graphics to objects through water is the mesmerizing design process you might never have heard of.
The internet might allow millions of people to work from home, sending vast amounts of data across vast expanses, but sometimes that isn’t fast enough. That’s why Amazon, in an effort to encourage companies with enormous databases to move over to its web services, known as AWS, is offering to quite literally come and pick up data using an eighteen-wheeler truck.
That’s right: For mammoth-sized stores of information, moving it physically is faster than transmitting it over the internet. The Snowmobile rigs, as they’re known, come outfitted with a 45-foot shipping container that has a 100-petabyte storage capacity. One petabyte is 1,000 terabytes.
As funny as it may seem, Amazon’s announcement (which, to reiterate, is for large-scale enterprise customers using its web-hosting services, and not people trying to get a good deal on socks) is yet another reminder of the physical limitations of the internet.
Shaenon K. Garrity was more generous, offering a four-star rating, but encountered some surprises of her own:
One more one-star review, from Grrrowler:
It almost feels as though these consumers are trying to make some sort of political point, though it’s of course very hard to parse exactly what that point may be. Either way, the ornament seems like a quality product befitting our president-elect and his shiny gold elevator, so order today.
For all the good things about Snapchat — college kids falling in love, giant tacos, filters that make your face look dewy as hell — finding people to follow on the app can be difficult. While it’s fairly easy to add personal friends via their names or cell-phone numbers in your address book, adding celebrities, athletes, politicians, and … please forgive me … influencers isn’t as simple, especially if you don’t know their usernames. Unlike other social apps (e.g., Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram) Snapchat does not recommend people for you to follow based on those you already do. You’ve got to do the work yourself.
Fortunately, there are a few secret hacks you can use to find people with Official Stories (stories from people and organizations verified by Snapchat so you know they’re legit). These stories are denoted by a single emoji next to the user’s name on the far right side of your feed. For example, DJ Khaled has, of course, a key emoji. (Don’t be tricked by users who add emoji to their usernames.)
Find celebs via the Official Stories page.
Open the app and swipe left once to the “Stories” screen. Next, gently drag the screen down from the top until a “Search” bar with a magnifying glass appears. Type in the word “official” and press search. A list of every Official Story currently posted on the app will appear. You can preview each story by tapping the circle next to a person or organization’s name. If you like what you see, add them by tapping the “+Add” button next to their name.
Open the app and swipe down from the top of the camera app. Tap “Add friends” and then tap “Add by Username.” Type “official” to see the 20 most recent Official Stories from verified users. The emoji trick also works here too.
Live Stories are user-submitted and Snapchat-curated stories that live for 24 hours on the app. If a submitted snap comes from a celeb with an Official Story, you’ll see their username in the top-lefthand corner of the screen while the snap plays. Tap that area to see a mini-profile for that user and add them without ever having to leave the Live Story you were watching in the first place.
Yesterday, liberals found themselves aghast at a CNN segment that served as a tidy, outrageous case study in the perniciousness of conservative fake news. In the segment, host Alisyn Camerota discovers that a pair of Trump supporters she is interviewing, part of a small panel, are quite convinced President Obama effectively invited undocumented immigrants to vote, contributing to voter fraud that could have tilted the election results.
Lately, Facebook has been, well, depressing. I find myself avoiding it more, ignoring its little pings to get my attention. (I really, really don’t care how many event invites or notifications I’ve missed, Facebook.)
So, then, how to make it better? Here’s what I hit on.
Some of this can be blamed on the recent election. But I also think there are some deeper reasons as well, not strictly related to the election. Over the last decade — and in the last few years in particular — Facebook has taken on an increasingly important role in our public and private lives. For many people, it’s the first place to make important family and job announcements, or to send out invitations; at the same time, it’s a central location for sharing and discussing news and politics. And if you’re spending that much time and attention on a single company, it’s important to take control of it as best you can.
But it’s still the place where I see baby pictures and engagement announcements and job changes and all the other assorted small but meaningful glimpses of other people’s lives. It’s also been a place where I’ve seen and participated in some successful organizing, whether that’s making calls to my representatives or being moved to donate to some key causes. It’s not something I’m ready to give up on quite yet (though I don’t blame anyone who does).
It’s not just unhealthy for me, personally, to see that constantly. It’s damaging for the 170 million Americans on Facebook, all of whom live in a country where the citizens are deeply divided and actively digging deeper into their ideological foxholes. It’s true that this phenomenon isn’t something that Facebook created, but it’s also true that Facebook is only making the problem worse.
In 2016, it’s easy to forget that you even can see you Facebook News Feed chronologically. But it’s an important first step. To get started, head over to left-hand column, and hit the drop-down button for News Feed.
If you haven’t done this in a while, you’re probably in for a surprise. There will be people you’ve forgotten you were friends with on Facebook, publishers and pages for which you don’t remember hitting “Like.” But it’s also the best way to start to get a handle on what’s actually coming down from your News Feed. Spend a few days with this turned on and you’ll start to get a sense of what’s actually being posted.
This is where the small drop-down arrow on the top right of posts come in handy. What I was aiming for was sending signals to Facebook’s algorithm about what I actually wanted to see. You have three basic options:
The first step of trying to get my News Feed to be slightly less depressing was cutting out some of what comes up. Because Facebook wants your experience to be as low-effort as possible, you generally only have vague control over what you see in the News Feed — but even that is better than nothing.
Paula: From the media! Where else would we get —
Camerota: Which media?
Paula: Well, it was coming all across the media — all across. If CNN didn’t do it, they were being smart this time.
Camerota [despairing internally]: Do you think that three million illegal people voted?
Paula: I don’t — to tell you the truth, nobody really knows that number.
Camerota: How many?
Paula: I believe in California that there were illegals that voted.
Camerota: I think there was a good amount, because the president told people that they could vote, and it happened in Nashua, we caught some people. That they went into Nashua and they said, “The president said I could vote — I’m here illegally.”
Camerota: Did you hear President Obama say that illegal people could vote?
At this point, both Paula and a woman sitting behind her say yes, they did. Paula asks where. “Google it, you can find it on Facebook,” says the woman in back. Camerota pulls out her phone, looks it up, and immediately finds out the claim was misleading, which she explains to the panel.
Camerota: You, as you sit here today, think that millions of illegal people voted in this country. You believe that there was widespread voting abuse.
Camerota: Millions of people?
Paula: I think there was in some states.
Paula: California allows it.
Camerota [sputtering, her voice like that of a character in a Sartre novel]: They do not allow illegal … you mean illeg … — you mean voter fraud, California allows?
Paula: I believe there is voter fraud in this country.
The segment reinforces several emerging points — confirmation bias! — about the hows and whys of our fake-news catastrophe:
But I don’t think that’s going to happen, at least not anytime soon. Facebook’s ultra-efficient sorting and managing of what you see is a technological marvel, something very smart people have dedicated a good portion of their lives to. It’s a business driven by the bottom line and by needing to show stockholders that it can continue to grow its advertising revenue — and the News Feed being a welcoming warm bath of bland and agreeable stories is a big part of that.
Then, the segment concludes:
1. Many low-information news consumers have an impressionistic view of news, don’t know how to gauge the relative trustworthiness of different sources, and don’t get too worked up about the specifics of claims. Paula jumps around to a remarkable extent. At first she is positive three million “illegals” voted in California. Then, she isn’t quite sure that was the number, but she is sure it was a lot. She thinks she saw that on CNN, and when pressed says “it was coming all across the media.” What does she mean by “the media”? Her counterpart in the back makes that clear: “Google it, you can find it on Facebook.” The implication is clear: If a claim pops up on social media or a Google result, that’s reason enough to take it seriously.
2. Hilariously low-quality, easily debunked content can go viral if it is connected to an outrage-inducing rumor. Googling reveals that one of the primary vectors of the Obama-said-illegals-can-vote rumors is this YouTube video of a segment on Fox Business:
The point here isn’t to judge these women for not being media savvy — plenty of people are just trying to get by in life, and might not have the opportunity to fully understand how media works. But if we’re going to fight fake news, we need to understand the extent to which some very basic, Communication Studies 101 norms simply aren’t held by a huge chunk of the population, leaving them extremely susceptible to misinformation at the hands of opportunists and radicals.
Yes, that is someone recording their TV while breathing heavily, perhaps because they are so outraged by what they are seeing. As a comprehensive Hot Air rundown by Larry O’Connor points out, Fox host Neil Cavuto’s editing of the source interview, in which Obama is speaking with actress and rapper Gina Rodriguez of the Latino/millennial Mitu network, leaves out a lot of context.
Cavuto’s show snips things so viewers don’t see that Obama specifically referred to the importance of Latino citizens making their voices heard, and specifically said that their friends and families “may not have a voice” because they “can’t legally vote.”
3. There’s an important snowball effect to fake news; people’s defenses seem to get beaten down over time by the broader rumor ecosystem. By the time the two women found themselves on camera for a CNN segment, they had apparently been exposed to a cavalcade of different iterations of the illegal-voters claim. For years, the GOP has been using the idea of voter fraud as a means of justifying voter suppression, despite a lack of any evidence of widespread voter fraud, and that has paved the way for an endless parade of misleading anecdotes, rumors, and viral content perpetuating this idea.
For example, to believe Obama would, during a recorded interview, call for undocumented immigrants to vote, you’d have to believe pretty radical things about a guy who is, in fact, about as staid a center-left politician as they come. You’d have to, say, have been exposed to years and years of false news about him being an evil radical, about him maybe not even being American, about him wanting to undermine the entire American project.
The point is that fake news requires a whole ecosystem to work. If you just dropped that claim about Obama into an ecosystem in which Obama is viewed as a generic, normal president, it’d be laughed off (the same goes, of course, for the idea of Hillary Clinton helping run a child-trafficking ring). But by the time voters immersed in these sorts of information ecosystems encounter a specific claim — Trump making his wild accusation about three million voters, for example — some cognitive trailblazing has already occurred. Each subsequent encounter with an iteration of the rumor seeps in a bit easier and will be likely harder to dislodge.
No matter! It was snipped dishonestly, and the resulting video — Obama seeming to throw open the gates to those millions of illegals, followed by Cavuto reacting in disbelief and disgust — made for a clip so outrage-inducing to paranoid conservatives that many wing-nut honeypots, including Drudge, World Net Daily, Gateway Pundit, and others, disseminated that video with headlines screaming about Obama’s insanely irresponsible behavior.
At the end of December 2015, a Facebook meme page posted an image of two dogs wearing pants and a single question: What would it look like if a dog wore pants?
So now we know. If a dog wore pants, he would wear them on his hind legs and he’d be “very angry” about it.
The store, judging from the video, has a very “office worker on a lunch break” vibe — lots of premade items and meal kits. Once you’re inside, the Amazon Go system will be able to tell when you pick up items (or put them back) through a mixture of what the company is calling “computer vision, deep learning algorithms, and sensor fusion.”
This food-focused retail spot represents another part of Amazon’s growing retail ambitions. The online-shopping giant already has a brick-and-mortar book store in Seattle, with expansions planned for Chicago, New York City, and Portland. It’s also working to set up pop-up shops to show off its growing line of consumer hardware devices.
But this push into food is especially interesting. At the same time that grocery-store chains are suddenly scrambling to meet consumer demand for online food shopping, Amazon is diving into the prepared-foods side of things (one of the biggest profit drivers for traditional grocery stores) with an AI-enhanced version of the Automat.
If your home has brick or stone walls, or you live in a dense city with tons of other people — and their electronics — all around you, or you have a lot of square footage (especially in multistory homes), you’ve probably dealt with Wi-Fi dead zones and signal drop-offs. And since you rarely can pick where your ISP will put in your main line, it can be extremely frustrating to try to improve your Wi-Fi signal on your own.
The smartphone app that you use to control all this, at least in the beta version I was using on Android, is good at setup, but suffers from being slightly opaque in some areas, at least compared to the very intuitive app offered by Eero. It’s nothing you won’t be able to figure out after a day of use, but it’s one area where the Google Wifi could stand to see some slight improvement.
There’s an option called Family Wi-Fi Pause, which allows you to create a bundle of devices and then hit pause on them. So, for instance, if you want to kill the Wi-Fi to tablets or a PS4 when it’s dinnertime, or make sure electronics at least stay off the internet after bedtime, you can select which devices in your network to pause until you turn them back on. That said, this feature is bit underbaked compared to what both Eero and Luma offer — you can’t schedule certain times for Wi-Fi to be turned off and then turned back on, or set limits on how much Wi-Fi time certain devices get.
With Google Wifi out today, it’s time to take a look at the three mesh networks I’ve had a chance to try out for myself. As I said in my review of the Google Wifi, I think it represents the best value for your buck — but that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s the one you should buy. Read on for a rundown of the pros and cons of each mesh-networking router.
But first: Do you need a mesh-network router? Here’s some reasons not to get one.
You’re trying to speed up your internet in general.
You’ve got one small dead zone.Before you invest in an expensive new router, get an app like Wi-Fi Sweetspots for iOS or Wi-Fi Analyzer for Android. Walk around and see where the signal really begins to degrade on your Wi-Fi network. Then see if you can simply get your current Wi-Fi router more centrally located (you may need to invest in a slightly longer Ethernet cable). Often simply adjusting the positioning (and sometimes orientation) of your router is enough to wipe out a dead zone.
You’ve trying to cover less than 1,000 square feet.
No matter how good a router may be, it’ll never be better than the bandwidth your ISP provides. If you’re bumping up against your download or upload speeds, or have trouble even surfing the internet while watching Netflix, you may have to bite the bullet and pay for more bandwidth. If you live somewhere with more than one ISP provider, see what new-customer deals they’re offering for more bandwidth, and then threaten to cancel your subscription — sometimes your current ISP will cut you a deal for a year or two of cheap but fast internet to keep you as a customer. If they don’t want to bargain, you’ll likely save money by switching to a new ISP, nearly all of which offer one- or two-year introductory deals that will be cheaper.
I ran a series of tests in six different parts of my house, which is three stories high, with each story about 900 square feet, or about 2,700 square feet total to cover. On each floor I tested from a location about five feet away from each router, and one about 25 feet away, usually with at least two walls between me and the router. During these tests I was doing two things.
One, at each spot I checked my download and upload speed three times at speedtest.net. I took the average of those tests, and then averaged all six different tests together to see what I was getting versus the 150 Mbps upload and download speed I pay for. Sites like speedtest.net are inherently a little suspect, and different speed-test sites can deliver different results simply because of the vagaries of how traffic moves on the internet, but I hoped using the same test at roughly the same time of day, averaged out, would reduce some of those inconsistencies. Since I was testing routers, not different ISPs, I felt confident I was getting a pretty accurate read.
Two, I checked for strength of the signal as represented by dBm, or decibel-milliwatts. Lower numbers are good here — a completely unusable Wi-Fi signal will generally be at -80 to -100 dBm, while a particularly good one will be at -40 to -30 dBm. I tested the strength of the signal for both the 5Ghz band (faster, but shorter range) and the 2.4Ghz band (slower, longer range). Routers that delivered a better dBm performance when averaged mean they’ll deliver a stronger, more consistent signal, generally leading to faster download and upload times.
Average Download Speed: 123.5 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage Upload Speed: 112.1 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage 5Ghz Performance: -39 dBmAverage 2.5Ghz Performance: -41 dBm
A note on testing.
Pros: The Eero routers are extremely easy to set up. Out of the three mesh networks I tried, this one gave me the least amount of headaches. It also had the strongest performance in the 2.4Ghz range, which means you’ll be able to get a solid internet connection even when farther away from any router. Eero provides a good amount of network-management tools — you assign devices on your network to individuals, and do things like set scheduled times to lock down Wi-Fi access, useful for kids and also potentially useful if you find yourself unable to put down your phone before bed. It’s easy to set up a guest network for people to use — and to share the login info with guests directly to their phone or laptop. Visually, the Eero lays flat, has the lowest profile of all the routers, and looks very slick.
Cons: The Eero is a lot of extra money for a slightly smoother setup and slightly sleeker aesthetics. Unable to set a priority device in the event you want to make sure all your bandwidth is headed in one direction. Customer service was, in my experience, somewhat indifferent. Did I mention it’s expensive?
Who Should Get It: Anyone who doesn’t mind paying a bit extra for the smoothest way to set up a mesh network — getting all three units working took about ten minutes total, and the Eero was rock solid during my entire time testing.
Average Download Speed: 90.8 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage Upload Speed: 88 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage 5Ghz Performance: -59 dBmAverage 2.5Ghz Performance: -57 dBm
Pros: If you’re setting up a mesh network and have kids, the Luma is truly comprehensive in giving you ways to control their online time. A content filter allows you to control who sees what, from from R (“Filters cyber-threat, illegal activities, and X-rated content”) to G (“Only provides access to child-friendly content like Sprout, Disney, or Nick Jr.”). Luma let’s you set up hard limits on how much an individual user can use Wi-Fi, as well as bedtime schedules for when certain devices should be disconnected for the night. In addition, Luma offers protections against potential incursions through your Wi-Fi network. It also allows you to set certain devices to priority — so if you’re streaming an HD movie or downloading a massive file, Luma will automatically give that device preference.
Who Should Get It: Parents who want to keep the really gnarly stuff available on the internet away from their kids eyes. People who want a particularly secure web experience without needing to do much extra to set it up.
Cons: In my testing, I found setting up the Luma network took multiple tries, and individual Luma units had trouble staying online — and in a mesh network having one unit go down means the network can degrade by quite a bit. The Luma network also had a consistently shorter range and slower speeds than the other two routers. Luma routers are meant to be balanced vertically upright, which makes them unstable — I had one router get knocked over because I jarred a power cord and another fell over because I bumped against a table.
Average Download Speed: 117.6 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage Upload Speed: 108.5 Mbps out of 150 MbpsAverage 5Ghz Performance: -38 dBmAverage 2.5Ghz Performance: -46 dBm
Pros: The Google Wifi is relatively easy to set up, though not quite as dead simple at the Eero. Stronger performance in the higher-speed 5Ghz band meant higher speeds when I was closer to a Wi-Fi outlet (but weaker performance when I farther away), as compared to the Eero. Download and upload speeds were roughly comparable to the Eero overall (and outperformed in the Eero in certain instances), but for $200 less than the Eero. Limited smart-home integration allows you to control Nest thermostats and Philips Hue lightbulbs. The Google Wifi continues Google’s recent streak of friendly-looking hardware design — it’s a Wi-Fi router you won’t be ashamed to have out in the open.
Cons: In my tests, the Google Wifi averaged out to be slightly slower than the Eero, though only by a slim margin. The app you’ll manage your network with isn’t quite as intuitive to use as the Eero app, though offers slightly more options in network management than the Luma. Family Wi-Fi Pause, which kicks a set of labeled devices off for a set period of time, lacks the ability to schedule automatic Wi-Fi downtime around bedtime like the Eero and Luma, or to filter content to certain devices like the Luma.
Who Should Get It: Anyone who wants to ensure they’re getting good Wi-Fi in every part of their house — and doesn’t want to pay the premium for Eero’s ever-so-slightly better performance.
The Netgear Orbi has generally high marks (CNET in particular loved it), but I haven’t had a chance to use it. It’s expensive (a base unit plus an extender will cost you $400, and it’s $250 more for each router beyond that), but it’s also supposed to deliver the fastest speed out of any of the mesh-network routers out there currently. If you want the absolute best, the Orbi may be for you.
But none of these quibbles hides the value you get with Google Wifi. Its three mesh-networking routers are not only $200 cheaper than its main competitor, Eero, but stand toe-to-toe with it in nearly every regard. If you’ve been dealing with bad or nonexistent Wi-Fi in parts of your home, this is where to jump on.
Instagram announced this morning the company is rolling out some major changes that will offer users more control over their experience on the app. Users will have the option to turn off comments on their posts. Now, instead of heeding the internet adage “don’t read the comments,” users will be able to decide if they even want comments at all. Want to post a selfie and don’t give a damn about hearing what people have to say about it? Great. Now you can do just that.
The change, posted to Instagram’s blog this morning, follows the company’s introduction of a keyword filter back in September. The filter was originally just for celebrities, but Instagram later reintroduced the feature — which allows users to filter out a set list of offensive terms or create their own custom list — for everybody. Similarly, the new no-comments toggle (you’ll find it under advanced settings on the app) was originally power-user-only, but will be available to the rest of us peasants in the coming weeks. If you change your mind, you’ll always have the option to turn comments back on for that post.
Other forthcoming updates include the ability to like or “heart” a particular comment and discreetly remove followers from your private account. Instagram will also begin offering an anonymous-reporting option for “self-injury posts.” “If you believe that someone you care about may be thinking about injuring themselves, you can report it anonymously, and we will connect your friend to organizations that offer help,” Instagram explains on its blog (albeit with a strange example about a dog in a sweater). “We have teams working 24 hours a day, seven days a week, around the world to review these reports.”
These changes seem simple enough, but demonstrate a big push for user safety and enjoyment from the company. “Comments are where the majority of conversation happens on Instagram,” Kevin Systrom explained, so it’s safe to say it’s a fairly bold move for a company to change up its platform in a way that could make users engage with it less. Still, these changes also create a platform where users can now — at least in theory — have purely positive experiences online, something that will in the long run likely, for Instagram and its parent company Facebook, be better than continuing to require the majority of its users be subjected to potentially unwanted comments.
Of course, these new changes also continue on Instagram’s path to becoming more and more like Snapchat with each passing update. Instagram Stories was a carbon copy of Snapchat’s famed ephemeral platform. Instagram Explore felt an awful lot like Snap’s curated stories section. And now, by letting users opt of of comments — a feature Snapchat already doesn’t have by design — Instagram takes one step further into Snapchat territory. Now we’ll just have to see if it works.
Amazon’s new grocery store lets you walk in, grab what you want, and simply walk out. How is this possible?
Think back to Instagram in December 2015. A simpler time, before algorithmic sorting where your feed was likely inundated with micro-collages, displaying people’s most-liked photos from the past year, created with a web generator and shared using the hashtag #2015BestNine. Your friends did it. Kourtney Kardashian did it. Heck, you probably did it. And now, the generator is back for 2016.
To see what your 2016 looked like in Instagram pictures, head over to 2016BestNine. Type in your Instagram handle and click “GET.” Like last year, you can also create a best-nine collage for any user with a public account. So if you’re dying to know which of Taylor Swift’s pictures were the most popular this year, you can do that, too. I’m imagining something with a cat or Swift wearing a Deadpool costume … or both.
From there, the site will generate your collage (heads up, depending on site traffic it could take up to ten minutes to make yours, so be patient) and show you the number of total likes your photos received this year and a total count of your number of posts. You’ll have the option to share the photo with or without these numbers, on Facebook and Twitter. To share on Instagram (with the hashtag #2016bestnine, if you’re really looking to #engage) you’ll have to save the image and post it from your phone.
No word from the Best Nine team on whether or not this year’s generator will also be a feeder pool for a forthcoming dating app (yes, that really happened).
Facebook dominated the headlines this year more than any of its tech-giant rivals. Unfortunately, none of it was for stories Facebook might have liked. Since the election, a great media panic over “fake news” distributed across the service has erupted; six months earlier, the company drew ire from conservatives when Gizmodo reported that the editors controlling its “trending” widget were avoiding “conservative” topics. Any company as large as Facebook will have to face criticism at some point, but it’s rare to face quite as much (and as urgent) criticism as Facebook has, and it speaks to Facebook’s transformative power.
But in many ways Facebook would be happy to leave that particular power behind. The central problem Facebook faces is the News Feed of images and information that greets users when they log in to the site or open the app. The News Feed is Facebook’s largest, most famous, and most profitable product; for most users, it’s synonymous with Facebook itself. But it’s also the company’s most-criticized and most-reviled product — the one that has transfigured not just journalism but politics as well.
Elsewhere, Facebook bolstered its messaging service, rolling out an API for chatbots, automated services that you interface with in the same way you might text someone. Chatbots are attractive to Facebook because they offer not just the opportunity to collect data but the opportunity for the company to insert itself as a middleman in all kinds of transactions, as WeChat has done to great success in China. But not yet: Chatbots have yet to take hold in any significant way, mainly because they require a substantially different approach to development than graphical interfaces do.
One indication that Facebook is looking beyond the News Feed is on your News Feed itself: Facebook Live, the livestreaming feature into which Mark Zuckerberg has pumped millions of dollars, paying celebrities and brands to use it, and now buying billboards that literally explain how. That billboards explaining how to use a tech product even exist encapsulates how well the Live rollout has gone, but the existence of the feature demonstrates Facebook’s anxieties: How can it encourage people to post more original content, and fewer external links? Would it be possible to turn the News Feed into a stream of videos — à la Snapchat — and not an index of political argument and conspiracy theory?
Facebook doesn’t want to be a portal to the rest of the web, it wants to be the web. Over the last few years, Mark Zuckerberg has made an exhaustive effort in nations outside of Europe and the United States to roll out Free Basics. The “free” in Free Basics — the crown jewel of Internet.org, Facebook’s broader initiative — derives from a concept called zero-rating. Services that are zero-rated don’t count against data caps, effectively making them free to access (and violating the concept of net neutrality, the notion that all data traveling across a network should be treated equally). Facebook has spent years convincing mobile carriers to offer even those without data plans free access to Facebook. In the short term, this gives users resources they might not otherwise have. In practice, it effectively gives Facebook a monopoly on which internet content users in the developing world see. In India this spring, public outcry over what Internet.org was actually trying to do led to a complete rejection of the service.
That setback hasn’t stopped Facebook from trying to expand though. Internet.org is still running through mobile carriers in dozens of countries. Facebook also owns WhatsApp, a messaging service that is incredibly popular abroad but hardly used in America, which, in 2014, it paid a then-flabbergasting $19 billion for. Internally, Facebook is reportedly developing tools that might allow it to once again breach the Great Firewall of China.
Meanwhile, the News Feed is increasingly onerous to manage in the face of public, blunt, and constant criticism. (At the same time, Facebook has admitted to miscalculating some of the statistics it provided to brands and advertisers.) The recent controversy over the proliferation of fake news and misinformation might make you wonder how the company will right a heavily listing ship. Even asking that question, however, implies that Facebook cares beyond appearances about fixing the News Feed filter bubble and improving that part of its product. But while the News Feed is still hugely profitable (and will continue to be for many years), it’s not the future of Facebook.
But the feed as an organizing principle is dying, along with the overwhelmingly public Web 2.0 that Time celebrated ten years ago. In April, Bloomberg reported that the company was “working to combat a decline in people sharing original, personal content, the fuel that helps power the money machine at the heart of its social network.” Put another way: Facebook has increasingly become a site for outside links and third-party memes and jokes, and not personal content like status updates and photos of friends. This change has an obvious effect on user satisfaction — but maybe more importantly, it has an effect on Facebook’s ability to gather the data it needs to target ads — the overwhelming source of its revenue — more effectively. Context collapse and the mental load that comes with managing a plurality of online and offline identities was making posting a less attractive prospect.
Two Alabama men, Kenneth Fennell White and Terry Brown, were arrested this week after local police saw their take on the popular #MannequinChallenge on Facebook. Brown and White’s video featured multiple men holding more than a dozen different guns, prompting the Madison County sheriff’s office to investigate, AL.com reports. The video was originally posted to Facebook at the beginning of November and was shared over 85,000 times before the arrests were made.
Upon searching the house in the video, police found a shotgun, a handgun, multiple assault rifles, and bags of marijuana, AL.com also reports. White and Brown are both currently in jail (with bail set at $30,000 and $3,800, respectively) where I imagine they’re both wishing they’d just gone with the Backpack Challenge instead.
YouTube’s most popular celebrity appears to be having a bit of a breakdown. PewDiePie, the Swedish vlogger (real name: Felix Kjellberg) famous for playing video games and making funny voices simultaneously, went after the video service in a heavily produced ten-minute rant posted last week. In it, Kjellberg threatened to delete his account, which is YouTube’s most popular, once it reached 50 million subscribers. (It currently stands at around 49,800,000.) His main grievances stem from a number of product changes to YouTube, ostensibly the cause of his videos not performing as well as they used to.
Is he joking about deleting his account? Probably. PewDiePie makes millions of dollars each year off of his channel, and it’s a good gimmick for building up suspense as he reaches the milestone.
Earlier this week, a cherry-picked quote from the video showed Kjellberg claiming that his videos are being suppressed because he’s white. This is, obviously, a very stupid thing to say. “I’m white. Can I make that comment? But I do think that’s a problem [for YouTube’s top brass].” Kjellberg theorizes that they’d rather have Canadian personality Lilly Singh (who is of Indian heritage) as the face of the brand. The 20 seconds of Kjellberg’s ten-minute video were excerpted by U.K. outlet The Independent with the headline: “PewDiePie: YouTube may be ‘killing’ my channel because I’m white, so I’ll delete it.”
At the same time, Kjellberg is rich as hell, and does seem to be struggling with something that many famous YouTubers deal with: the mental load of daily vlogging for years at a time. Maybe he does really want to get back to basics.
The threat to delete his channel is clearly just an attempt to force YouTube to look into product issues. It’s not dissimilar to when Vine stars asked for millions of dollars to help save the platform. It would be embarrassing for YouTube to lose its biggest star, demoralizing to those lower down the totem pole hoping to achieve PewDiePie-like success. What Kjellberg is doing is playing a game of chicken that, in terms of monetary wealth and cultural cachet, he can afford to lose. Who will blink first? On Monday, Kjellberg said that he received word from YouTube that they were looking into things.
In a since-deleted tweet, Kjellberg claimed that the comment was sarcastic. There is little reason to believe that PewDiePie has become a white supremacist. Kjellberg’s race comment is preceded by a good minute or so of Alex Jones–esque conspiracy theorizing — it’s a put-on. And he has a history of making provocative comments: Earlier this year, Kjellberg’s Twitter account was briefly suspended after he joked about joining ISIS. That Kjellberg is Swedish, far from America’s racial divide, and spends more time than most reading the YouTube comments of his t(w)eenage fans would also explain why he’d toss out a comment that registers as “Gamergate Lite.”
Take a look for yourself.
It points to YouTube’s slowly metastasizing obsolescence as a platform for sharing video and spreading it far and wide. YouTube is still the market leader, but the way of browsing the site, viewing channels, and subscribing to accounts is an increasingly antiquated approach to online video. It’s the best service if you need to embed a video on another website, but surfing YouTube.com is a different story. It’s not surprising that video has taken off on Twitter, especially the culture-leading Black Twitter, where the ability to quickly retweet and share videos with friends and followers doesn’t require the ancient ritual of copy-pasting a URL.
As has become annual tradition, YouTube today released the 2016 Rewind video, a recap of all the goofy, viral, meme-y scuzz that glommed its way across the internet this year. More than ever, this year’s YouTube Rewind feels like an argument against YouTube, the web’s oldest and largest video repository.
Here’s hoping 2017 is better. Or at the very least slightly less awful.
Next week, Nintendo launches its new smartphone game, Super Mario Run, so Super Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto joined the Roots on The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon to play the game’s theme song (“Overworld Theme” only, for the pedants). How often do you get to see the darling creator of Super Mario strum along to the theme song of his own video game on television? Not that often, I tell you!
Shiggy! You’re good!
Considering how absolutely nightmarish the new iOS has otherwise been for me, the new keyboard sounds are a calming dream while you’re typing out a text or pecking out an email from the road. They’re like the babbling brook that can be found in the waiting room of every day spa or the water feature in the backyard of every HGTV home renovation. They’re like the light tapping of a wooden wind chime outside of your window at an all-inclusive, clothing-optional sex resort in Napa Valley.
Apple’s most recent iOS upgrade is, for the most part, an absolutely ridiculous failure. I can’t ever turn the alarm off; I can’t swipe to enter my unlock code; my emails now look like a pile of index cards that have been trapped in a tornado and then left in the middle of cow pasture. They’re even toying with changing the peach emoji that has become the universal symbol for “ass.” Is there anything that makes updating your phone worthwhile? Well, yes: the keyboard sounds.
I’m not the only one who is absolutely in love with them.
When getting reactions from people, the words “cozy” and “soothing” keep coming up, which is a great feeling to have when staring into a lifeless black box that somehow contains both a sentient helper slave and an entire universe of facts that will prove you wrong at a cocktail party in no time flat.
The difference seems to be that the letters, the space bar, the delete key (oh, the guttural cluck of the delete key!) aren’t all making the same blunt sound, but voice themselves at different pitches. Under close examination, maybe, you’d be able to figure out which key makes which noise — but when your fingers are dancing across the keyboard like a ballerina on bath salts, why would you bother? The result is a comforting rumble that tells you that, no matter what might happen to your phone once you stop typing, during that brief respite, everything is as peachy as a post-yoga-class glow.
Of course, there are people who disagree with this. There are those lunatics who think that the keyboard now sounds like “chewing sounds,” the “aliens from Signs,” or the sound in Minecraft of people picking things up. I hate to say it, but these people are just wrong. We live in a world where the band Phish still has devoted followers who wend around the globe for their concerts. We can’t get everyone onboard with even the most basic agreement of aural decency.
Then there are the people who complain about those who leave the keyboard sounds on their phones in general, advocating that they should be “taken out back and shot.” I will agree that listening to the clacking of someone else’s keyboard is about as exciting as hearing about someone else’s hangover. The keyboard noises are not for public consumption (unless you have your headphones on like an adult human who knows how to navigate the world).
The keyboard is for those private moments where you are lost in the now-unfamiliar landscape of your mobile device, rudderless and without a compass, and looking for any spark of delight from such an awful place. That is when the clacking chorus comes on and soothes you, like your grandmother’s hand running through your hair. After all, that is just about the only thing keeping most of us from taking our iPhone, throwing it in the nearest Dumpster, and setting it on fire.
For people in the United States, that list includes damaging a driver’s property or the property of another rider in the car, “inappropriate and abusive language or gestures,” and breaking the local law (like seat-belt or open-container laws). Unwanted contact between drivers and riders after a ride is over is also prohibited, firearms are prohibited, and, also, Uber would like to remind us all that there is to be no sex in their cars. “That’s no sexual conduct with drivers or fellow riders, no matter what.”
Given Uber’s troubling history with rape and sexual assault, it’s great the company is spelling this out in black and white, though it — unfortunately — seems unlikely this will realistically do much to quell the problem. Instead, this feels more directed at any slightly tipsy couple who has gotten into the backseat of an Uber on a Saturday night and pretended the driver did not exist en route to their destination in Hornytown, USA. Yes, I’m looking at you here.
The Samsung Galaxy S8, vital for Samsung’s attempt to recover after the fiery Note 7 debacle, will likely hit the market with a wraparound OLED “all-screen front” per reports at both Bloomberg and South Korean website the Investor. Samsung has already been at the forefront of ditching side bezels, thanks to its curved glass screens, but it’s also one of the few Android manufacturers still placing physical buttons at the bottom of its phones. If rumors are correct, Samsung will be eliminating all physical buttons in the Galaxy S8 while also eliminating its top and bottom bezel. (It’s also likely that the Galaxy S8 will follow Apple in ditching the 3.5mm headphone jack.)
Newly unsealed court documents from a shareholder lawsuit today reported on by Bloomberg describe how Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and investor Marc Andreessen allegedly conspired to help Zuckerberg retain power over the company.
A little context: Earlier this year, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg proposed creating a new class of stock, one that would effectively allow him to retain voting power over his kingdom, but also allow him to sell shares in order to fund philanthropic pursuits. Some worried that the maneuver would lessen the value of their shares.
One problem: Andreessen and Zuckerberg are close buddies, and throughout the process, Andreessen apparently tipped Zuckerberg off to shareholder concerns in order to help Zuck argue against them.
Nevertheless, the proposal passed. In an effort to protect minority shareholders, however, Bloomberg reports, “Facebook’s board set up a special committee, choosing the three directors who were least beholden to Zuckerberg or financially affected by the decision — Susan Desmond-Hellmann, Marc Andreessen and Erskine Bowles — to represent shareholders while weighing the matter.”
During one meeting Andreessen texted feedback like “This line of argument is not helping. ☺” and “NOW WE’RE COOKING WITH GAS.” The texts, cited in the lawsuit, would seem to demonstrate that Andreessen was less concerned with protecting minority shareholders than he was with protecting Zuckerberg. For him, the whole thing was a fun spy mission: “The cat’s in the bag and the bag’s in the river,” he told Zuckerberg. Zuckerberg, confused, asked if the cat was dead.
Maybe most interesting of all is a small detail buried in the Bloomberg report: As part of the stock reclassification, Zuckerberg also wanted another worrying clause — the ability to serve in government for two years without losing control of his company. In the end, even that proposal managed to make it into the final product. The stock reclassification and corporate reshuffling passed the board and shareholder vote. It is now on hold pending the lawsuit.
When Microsoft acquired LinkedIn, the favorite network of people who describe themselves as “eternal entrepreneurs,” for $26 billion, I assumed it would mainly gain access to LinkedIn’s network of 400 million users, which might, in turn, boost business analytics and enterprise-software offerings, but keep LinkedIn and the rest of Microsoft’s holdings largely separate. Sure, there was some talk of Cortana somehow prepping you for business meetings, but that would be a sideshow, right?
Today, Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella made it clear that LinkedIn is actually going to sink its hooks quite deep into Microsoft. In a post on LinkedIn, Nadella outlined the plan for LinkedIn and Microsoft:
If you’re a normal human being, only the first three bullet points really matter to you (though say a prayer for whatever poor souls get wrapped up in “developing a news desk across our content ecosystem and MSN.com”). I’m gonna assume all of this will largely be opt-in (though, God, can you imagine if you had to join LinkedIn in order to open up a Word doc?) but none of the propositions here are really good for a Microsoft customer.First off, as someone who tries to tell people “Windows 10 is actually pretty good!” on a regular basis, putting LinkedIn notifications in the Windows action center will make me a liar. Unless you are a headhunter, a human-resources person, or work in PR, almost nobody wants to see LinkedIn notifications as soon as they happen. The proper time to see LinkedIn notifications is when you log in to LinkedIn, which is to say: rarely.
Tying a LinkedIn identity into Outlook and MS Office is more problematic. Let’s say I tie my LinkedIn ID to my Outlook account here at New York. Next week I am fired after fabricating several interviews and many key facts for my post “Why Google, Facebook, and Apple Are Merging Right Now at This Very Second.” When I eventually find a new job writing for one of the web’s fastest growing sites, PatriotNewsTruth.net, how will I disconnect my LinkedIn ID and my old Outlook account and connect it with my new one? Will an Outlook admin need to do it? Why did I link my LinkedIn profile to my Outlook account anyway, considering Outlook is widely only used by people at work, and LinkedIn is mainly a place to look for other jobs?
But right now, I mainly see a future where I have to keep telling Windows 10 that, no, I don’t want to see when someone wants to become LinkedIn buddies with me, and finding a way to work on a résumé in Google Docs.
Which brings up the Clippy-esque proposition of letting “members drafting résumés in Word to update their profiles, and discover and apply to jobs on LinkedIn.” Let’s assume if I am working on my résumé, I am considering leaving my current job. One of few things LinkedIn is really useful for is that you can sometimes see when someone is getting ready to jump ship, because they suddenly are adding new contacts like crazy, endorsing other people, or, of course, updating their LinkedIn profile. So I probably will not want to add in the exaggerated accomplishments I’m furtively bullet-pointing in a Word doc to my LinkedIn profile.Of course, there are some useful cases here. Someone out of work might appreciate being able to update from a Word doc (though they probably won’t appreciate paying for a full license of MS Word while unemployed). Microsoft is getting a social network that nearly everyone is on, even if they mostly don’t like using it, which could lead to an internal corporate social network someone would actually use (though, uh, probably not). And there’s a chance Microsoft could radically improve LinkedIn, whether by making the network more relevant to professionals outside of HR and PR, or by just making it harder for people you don’t know and have never worked with to get in touch with you.
In memory of Prince, this week GQ ran a beautiful collection of micro-interviews from those who knew and loved the purple artist best. Things we learned: He smelled strongly of lavender. He paid for coffee in $100 bills and would always tell the barista to keep the change. And he, like so many of us, enjoyed a good old-fashioned internet meme.
From photographer Maya Washington via GQ:
In case you’re wondering what that soft sobbing sound is, this is what it sounds like when bloggers cry.
Dancer Danielle Curiel (she also directed his music video for “Breakfast Can Wait” when she was just 18) told GQ that Prince particularly enjoyed “memes of him when people take his face and write captions on his pictures.” (More officially, those are known as image macros in the meme world.) “He was always sending me those. One, he had a duck face on, and it was how light-skin dudes roll dice or something.”
For the past few weeks, Kjellberg has criticized YouTube for various product changes that have made it more difficult for fans to find his videos — back-end tweaks, suggestion-algorithm changes, and the like. He lamented that his channel had grown too large (and joked that YouTube was suppressing his videos because he was white).
In a short video this morning, Kjellberg did technically delete his channel. He deleted an alternate channel named “Jack septiceye2,” which had a comparatively tiny subscriber base of one million or so.
Then he proceeded to make fun of everyone who had earnestly picked up the story (including Select All, which wrote on Wednesday: “Is he joking about deleting his account? Probably. PewDiePie makes millions of dollars each year off of his channel, and it’s a good gimmick for building up suspense as he reaches the milestone”).
Yesterday, PewDiePie, the most popular YouTuber in the world, hit a major milestone: 50 million subscribers. The Swedish gamer, known as Felix Kjellberg in real life, shortly thereafter reiterated his promise to delete his channel, claiming that he would do so this afternoon.
Yahoo Answers represents both the best and worst of the internet, all in one extremely and wonderfully batty site. You have obvious trolling (“Why did Americans elect a moron for president?”) next to sweet earnestness (“What kind of human shampoo can i use on my cat?”) next to hard-core racism (go find it yourself) next to complete incomprehensibility (“OK I want a frip!!!!!?”).
It’s not really what I want to see when I just want to kill time looking at oddball questions. Which is why I’m actually pretty into the Yahoo Answers Now app, out today for iOS and Android. The app does several things, all of which I think are improvements over the current experience you can get on either desktop or on your phone’s browser.
Sure, half the of the charmingly out-there questions are more subtle forms of trolling, but I’m okay with that; I’m using this as an alternative to pulling “refresh” on Twitter for the hundredth time today, not as a place to get Hard-Hitting Truths.
Which is all well and good, but I’m never going to ask or answer a question on the app. But what I will do is use Yahoo Answers Now as an enjoyable way of killing time waiting for a train, looking in on the concerns of random strangers. The fact that I don’t have to step over race-baiting questions or queries into whether someone is a cuck or not is just icing on the loony little cake of Yahoo Answers Now.
Which isn’t to say it’s any less crazy than plain Yahoo Answers; it’s just that crazy is less Stormfront, more surreal. For example:
Over the weekend, Twitter reinstated the account of white supremacist Richard Spencer. Spencer is a prominent figurehead in the alt-right — the subsection of white supremacy that generally congregates online to harass people and send them frog memes — and director of the National Policy Institute, which is benignly named and very racist.
Spencer’s resurrection is curious given that Twitter has spent the weeks following the election purging their platform of hundreds of alt-right accounts. According to the platform, as reported by Vox, Spencer was not suspended for his horrific views; he was suspended for having multiple redundant accounts, a violation of Twitter’s rules. He was told to pick only one which could be reinstated.
Cutting down on alternate accounts subsequently cuts down on the sort of large-scale brigading that the alt-right uses to harass people into silence. Popular user Milo Yiannopoulos was banned earlier this year not because of his troglodytic views, but, according to Twitter, because he coordinated and invited harassment of another user, actress Leslie Jones. By cutting off the routes of attack that alt-righters (and gamergaters before them) lean on, Twitter is effectively getting rid of trolls without explicitly banning them for their detestable stances.
He was also re-verified, though Twitter confirms that he had the blue check mark before his suspension. Any user can apply for verified status now if they believe their account to be of “public interest,” so it’s doubtful that Twitter went out of its way to grant the designation.
The decision to revive Spencer’s account is odd, but looking at why Twitter temporarily banned him in the first place reveals how Twitter is addressing their widespread harassment issues. By preventing Spencer from having multiple accounts, they have outlawed one of the alt-right’s most powerful tactics: Astroturfing and sock-puppeting, the use of multiple accounts to make a community seem larger than it is.
Social-media users without the ability to brute-force overwhelm ideological opponents with harassment, threats, slurs, and shock images are robbed of much of their power. Unfortunately, the perpetual online culture war we are now engaged in is a seesaw, and internet asshats will likely find a way to soon tip the balance in their favor. Reinstating Spencer’s account is one step in that direction.
Former Uber forensic investigator Ward Spangenberg is suing his ex-employer for age discrimination and for whistle-blower retaliation. He was fired from the ride-sharing company after less than a year in which he “frequently objected to what he believed were reckless and illegal practices,” according to a report today from Reveal at the Center for Investigative Reporting. Among his objections, Spangenberg said, was the continued ease of access Uber staffers had to customer data and location information even after the company said two years ago it would “limit access.”
In the week since Edgar Welch, armed with an AR-15, walked into Washington, D.C., pizza joint Comet Ping Pong and fired off a round in the spirit of “shin[ing] some light” on disturbing allegations he’d read involving Hillary Clinton and a supposed child sex-trafficking ring based at the restaurant, two other pizza places in different American cities reported being targeted in similar ways. Roberta’s, in Brooklyn, received phone calls threatening torture and death after a video consisting of collaged “incriminating” pictures sourced from Instagram circulated on social media. East Side Pies of Austin, Texas, faced lesser harassment, with some redditors claiming that a co-owner’s alma mater, the Culinary Institute of America, equated a past with the CIA. “The dots they are trying to connect are so ludicrous,” the other co-owner told the Austin American-Statesman.
Clearly, there is not a nationwide conspiracy of linked pedophile-run metropolitan pizzerias, as some poorly edited videos and unhinged Reddit posts — themselves largely sourced to some of John Podesta’s emails about food — would have you believe. This revelation in and of itself has led many to label the incident as one involving media bugbear du jour “fake news”; as Welch himself put it to the Times, “The intel on this wasn’t 100 percent.” But it doesn’t look or feel much like the “fake news” that we talk about proliferating on Facebook, the mindless right-wing babble spat out of the Balkans by teenagers, or even the two decades of shrieking information warfare overseen by serial sexual harasser and paranoid monster Roger Ailes. It feels much more like coordinated mob harassment, exemplified by previous incidents like Gamergate.
It’s very hard to argue that “fake news” — often grossly misidentified by gullible legacy-news outlets and politicians alike — requires a legislative or judicial remedy, given that the idea of allowing judges, regulators, or elected representatives any further leverage to shape news coverage is fairly stomach-churning. But increasingly, the case for something needing to be done to prevent another Edgar Welch from shooting up another Comet Ping Pong makes itself.
A federal statute, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which has been upheld by the Supreme Court, prevents websites from being held responsible for content that they host. That goes as much for now-banned ISIS-linked Twitter users as it does for actual child sex trafficking on Backpage.com, as Kate Knibbs recently reported on at length for the Ringer. Should Comet Ping Pong want to pursue damages, or prosecutors charges, they would need to take action against (often anonymous) individual posters, which obviously does nothing to combat the larger issue at hand: the mob harassment that follows the original conspiracy theory. (Never mind that both would have to prove that the posts themselves “incited” Welch’s behavior.) As such, “this is a problem that’s not going to be solved, probably, by the law,” said Danielle Citron, a law professor at the University of Maryland and author of Hate Crimes in Cyberspace.
That’s not to say there haven’t been lawsuits (though there really are very few criminal cases; as Fordham University law professor Alice Marwick noted in a primer on online harassment, “During the course of our research, we were unable to find many published opinions in which perpetrators have faced criminal penalties.”) In 2004, a Missouri appellate court affirmed a lower court’s ruling that forum postings “on Internet websites catering to homosexuals” spreading rumors about a high school principal by his wife’s lover were defamatory.
In a 2009 paper, Citron outlined a “Cyber Civil Rights” strategy centered around protecting free speech online — specifically, the speech of those that targeted mobs would otherwise stifle. “Although online mobs express themselves and their autonomy through their assaults, their actions also implicate their victims’ autonomy and ability to participate in political and social discourse,” she wrote. “Self-expression should receive no protection if its sole purpose is to extinguish the self-expression of another.” Still, as she spells out later in the article, an incident of online abuse must constitute a “true threat” to warrant criminal charges or pass the threshold for a tort lawsuit. (To illustrate how difficult a bar this is to pass, criminal charges against a college student who posted rape, torture, and murder fantasies about a specific classmate of his on a forum were dismissed as not being a “true threat” — though there are exceptions.)
“We see online, and anyone who didn’t grow up in a bubble growing up can see that the answer to bad speech is not always more speech — in fact, more speech can often get you in a much worse situation,” said Nancy Kim, a professor of law and internet studies at California Western School of Law. Kim wrote, in a 2009 Utah Law Review article, “Courts should impose tort liability upon Web site sponsors for creating unreasonable business models and hold them accountable for irresponsible and harmful business practices” — that is, Section 230 shouldn’t protect websites like Reddit from liability if their system is created with inherent biases promoting mob mentality.
However, according to Kim, “the norms are so different now than they were even seven years ago” that it’s likely too late for legislators or courts to have a positive impact for the victims of online mob harassment. It will likely have to fall to the companies themselves.
Twitter’s former head of news, Vivian Schiller, told BuzzFeed News in August, “The people that run Twitter… are not stupid. They understand that this toxicity can kill them, but how do you draw the line? Where do you draw the line? I would actually challenge anyone to identify a perfect solution. But it feels to a certain extent that it’s led to paralysis,” referring to Twitter’s ten-year failure to address its harassment problem. Twitter’s user base hasn’t grown significantly in years, and the issue prevented a potential purchase by the Walt Disney Company from continuing.
Reddit, whose CEO recently admitted to personally editing pro–Donald Trump posts on r/the_donald, now one of the largest subreddits, has long tolerated and even cooperated with the darkest corners of its user base. In his 2012 exposé of r/creepshot moderator Violentacrez, Adrian Chen reported that, during the height of his power, Violentacrez, who ran subreddits glorifying racism, misogyny, and “creepshots,” was considered for a Reddit job posting. “Violentacrez was a troll, but he was a well-connected troll,” Chen wrote. But only because Reddit staff allowed him to connect with them. Users who populate r/the_donald have been attacking Reddit staff and other moderators for months at this point, but as it’s one of the most-trafficked pages on the site now, that activity is making money for Reddit.
An important thing to remember is that these online systems are created by people; they don’t happen in the wild. As such, a choice to not adequately deal with harassment and mob mentality is exactly that: a choice, and one that usually turns out to be damning. If these companies are going to be responsible for even a little bit of the work of preventing their platforms from being used for mob harassment, these past examples of their work in the area are not encouraging.
Back in 2014, Uber took flak after news broke of the company’s “God View,” a mapping system that let employees see every car currently out and about in a given city. That also included information about drivers and riders inside of them. In response, Uber issued a statement explaining that employees were banned from accessing rider and driver information except in the case of “legitimate business reasons.” A cryptic set of guidelines which Michael Sierchio, an Uber engineer who left the company in June 2016, told Reveal were rarely adhered to. “When I was at the company, you could stalk an ex or look up anyone’s ride with the flimsiest of justifications,” Sierchio explained. “It didn’t require anyone’s approval.” The “God View” system still exists; today it is known at Uber as “Heaven View,” according to Spangenberg.
Uber did make a few changes, Spangenberg said. The company began warning company employees they were being watched and anyone searching for a rider with an MVP designation was immediately flagged. But Spangenberg also told Reveal these gatekeeping measures did little to actually protect rider info. “If you knew what you were doing, you could get away with it forever.” (Uber said the total number of employees fired for wrongly accessing info was “fewer than 10.”) He also says part of his job involved remotely encrypting computers if they were seized by law enforcement, rendering them effectively useless.
Spangenberg’s lawsuit is ongoing. You can read his court declaration in full here.
Today is the day. After a month of waiting and the great peach-butt emoji debate of 2016, new emoji are finally available to the public in iOS 10.2. There are hundreds of new and redesigned pictographs, including a suite of new professions for women (good) and a hand taking a selfie (less good). Since you probably don’t spend your days combing through the emoji keyboard on your phone — or even if you do — we here at Select All have rounded up the best and the worst of the new emoji.
The Good
Women get jobs! Now every professional emoji — including new ones like rock star, farmer, judge, and clown — have a male and female version.
You can now celebrate the holiday season with a tiny decapitated Mrs. Claus. She comes in six different skin tones, has some tiny half-moon glasses, and gets creepy as heck if you stare at her for over a minute. Anything under than that and she’s just festive and adorable.
The Bad
Amidst a series of new animals including a giant squid, shark, and duck, iOS 10.2 also comes with a gorilla emoji. Which we will from this point forward be referring to exclusively as the Harambe emoji. Use it wisely.
Sadly, the newly redesigned fire emoji takes some of the fun out of replying [Fire Emoji] when your group text is particularly, well, fire. Now, instead of a fat-bottomed mostly monochrome cartoon flame the new fire emoji sparks sharply upward and contains a color gradient that looks, to Apple’s credit, a lot more like actual fire. The resulting vibe is not so much “this is lit” as it is “send help I am being engulfed by literal flames.”
Introducing the tumbler-glass emoji. The new number-one emoji of choice for that guy who has “Whiskey Connoisseur” unironically in his Twitter and Instagram bios and fancies himself a regular Ron Swanson.
The black-heart emoji for when you’re actually feeling bad. Or dead inside. Or very hardcore. This emoji is only bad in the bad is good sense.
The Ugly
Eggs belong on Twitter and nowhere else.
And finally, you’ll have a whole bunch of new food options, including paella and the internet’s beloved bacon and avocado. The peach emoji, while sharper and more vibrant, still maintains its general gluteal shape for your sexting pleasure.
Today in absolutely horrifying images that will stick with you from now until your imminent death: an Instagram account devoted to photos of Queen Elizabeth with Donald Trump’s face layered over them. It’s convincing. It’s alarming. And somebody over at Buckingham Palace might want to check in on Her Highness and maybe talk about switching up her foundation color.
The Instagram account and its, um, art are the handiwork of designer Michal Krauthamer, who told Bored Panda, “it’s not about politics, it’s about the magic of Photoshop and making you laugh.” Can’t wait until Donny and Her Royal Highness meet at some point in the next four years — then we can all just do this with Snapchat.
The Natural Balance flowerpot can hold up to a 28-day supply of water, and the product has generated enough interest to nearly triple its funding goal on Kickstarter.
Stars and “stars” of the social media, in constant pursuit of virality, are always looking for new ways to extend their reach. They individually DM fans. They come to Brazil. And now, some have started geotagging their Instagram posts from “Singapore, Singapore” despite never having set foot on the island nation — because it allegedly helps their photos and videos appear on the Instagram explore page where they can be seen by a wider range of users.
The trend was first spotted by Taylor Lorenz over at Mic who says that some of the cyber’s biggest stars — Lele Pons, King Bach, Logan Paul, “King of Instagram” Dan Bilzerian — have tried the hack in recent weeks. But none of the stars and verified users she spoke to could give a reason as to why the Singapore trick seems to work or where it started.
From Mic:
Despite claims the trick — which specifically involves taking the Singapore tag off after 24 hours, making it difficult to track after the fact — works, the larger effect seems to be confused fans rather than a massive influx of likes or new followers. If you Instagram from “Singapore, Singapore,” you probably shouldn’t be standing with a friend wearing Mickey Mouse ears and captioning your photo about how much you love Disneyland. Select All has reached out to Instagram about the trend and will update this post if we hear back.
The app is compatible with the Apple TV remote for swiping; once you match, you can continue your conversations on your smartphone. Though Tinder seems to have other ideas about how the whole swiping thing works. Namely, that it should be a family affair. See here: A 15-second spot of two women, ostensibly sisters, talking about a potential guy one of them would like to bone while their father chimes in from the background.
“Enjoy Tinder on Apple TV — it’s the biggest thing to hit family night since Yahtzee,” Tinder explained on a blog post walking users through the new app. Which is a bummer, because now I have to stop using Tinder and playing Yahtzee. And I love Yahtzee.
“Will It Mow?” is a YouTuber who drops old technology like camcorders and keyboards into an upside-down lawn mower. While this method makes a fascinating video, maybe try a more environmentally friendly way of getting rid of your old technology.
A London translation company, Today Translations, is looking to hire somebody who speaks fluent emoji. Think you fit that description? You’ll need t0 be able to translate sentences into emoji, research international emoji meanings, and report regularly on emerging emoji trends. Salary is “competitive.” Whatever that means in this brave new world where “emoji translator” is a real job.
From Today Translations:
I’m sure it should be to hard to find a native emoji speaker willing to convert pictographs to words for pay. Today Translations might just need to bend a little on that bachelor’s degree requirement and be open to hiring a 13-year-old if they want to find somebody who is particularly 🔥 with emoji.
The big promise of the AirPods is they’ll remove much of the friction that currently exists when attempting to use wireless Bluetooth headphones, by using Apple’s proprietary W1 chip instead. Tap the AirPods against your iPhone for instant pairing, and you’re off to the races. And despite numerous jokes about how easy they would be to lose, when I had a chance to try out a pre-production model in late September, they sat very firmly in place — though I didn’t get a chance to move around with them much.
After spending the past eight weeks testing out many, many different sets of wireless headphones running on Bluetooth, I’d welcome anything Apple can do to figure out how to solve the problems that Bluetooth headphones face. I think completely getting rid of the 3.5-mm headphone jack is ultimately an anti-consumer move, but I also think wireless headphones can be extremely useful — accidentally yanking your headphones by their 3.5-mm cord means either your headphones or your phone goes flying. If the extra time means Apple nails it with the AirPods, all the better. I’m not sure I’d get a pair of AirPods, but my hope is it’ll cause everyone else in the market to try to step up their game as well.
Bluetooth, as it exists now, causes innumerable headaches. Devices will sometimes just disconnect for no reason, struggle to understand if more than one device has ever been paired with it, and often deliver a garbled audio experience if you’re wearing wireless headphones outside, due to the radio waves having nothing to bounce off of and having to pass through your water-filled body instead. The upcoming Bluetooth 5.0 standard is supposed to solve some of these problems, but so were previous updates by Bluetooth’s governing body.
It’s been a long time coming, but today Snapchat finally rolled out group chat, just in time for the holidays. No longer do you have to manage a bunch of one-on-one conversations.
Groups on Snapchat are a type of hybrid. Like regular Snaps, messages can only be seen or played once. Like Stories, messages in group chats automatically disappear after 24 hours.
In other small tweaks, there are a couple new tools for customization. A scissors tool allows users to cut out parts of their photos and turn them into reusable stickers. A paintbrush icon now allows you to turn saved posts in the Memories section into “an artistic masterpiece.” (The feature hasn’t appeared in my updated app yet so I am not sure what this means specifically.) Lastly, on the camera screen, you can now press and hold to identify a song via Shazam.
As of this writing, Apple’s website states the AirPods will ship in “4 weeks” — no guarantee of when exactly they’ll arrive (in other words, don’t count on these as a good gift for the holidays). Per Apple, “AirPods will be shipping in limited quantities at launch and customers are encouraged to check online for updates on availability and estimated delivery dates.”
Whatever else you might say about 2016, it was the greatest year yet for meme culture. Dozens of large and highly productive internet subcultures collided this year with mainstream cultural consumers: “Dat Boi,” the ubiquitous unicycling frog, freed himself from the labyrinths of Tumblr to ride across Facebook and Twitter; Hillary Clinton’s campaign felt compelled to explain “Pepe,” the (relatively) ancient 4chan meme adopted by the alt-right. Memes were no longer slightly embarrassing internet in-jokes but essential and omnipresent expressions of culture. For every day in 2016, Select All has picked one meme that either originated, broke through, or reached its height on that date, and done our best to explain it. (We’ll keep updating through the end of December.) The result is a collection of the best memes of 2016 — the funniest, weirdest, most outrageous, and most viral objects. It’s also, for better or for worse, a portrait of our collective unconscious: the story of our attention, and the things that managed to hold it, even briefly, throughout the year.
Of course, the most important thing to address if you’re going to look back on the Year in Memes is what a “meme” actually is. Despite years of discussion and debate, the only thing that everyone can agree is true about internet memes is that no one really agrees on what they are. Michael Godwin, the man who first applied the word meme to internet behavior, used it to refer to the message-board debate tactic of comparing an opponent to Hitler — a practice that, despite its sudden, unprecedented relevance, not everyone would regard as a meme in 2016. Now, for many people, “meme” refers only to what might more specifically be called “image macros” — text laid atop images of cats and other “advice animals,” such as “socially awkward penguin.”
The truth is that image macros and calling people Hitler — and much more besides — are memes. Richard Dawkins, the evolutionary biologist who coined the term in his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, described memes as a sort of cultural equivalent to genes — mutating, evolving, self-replicating units of culture that spread throughout a society. This broad definition is the most accurate and most useful, encompassing not just the endlessly remixed images that most of us probably first imagine when we hear the word, but also videos (like that of “Chewbacca mom” Candace Payne), catchphrases (“Damn, Daniel”), dance crazes (the mannequin challenge), fads (water-bottle flipping), joke constructions (Twitter’s “*record scratch* *freeze frame*”), individuals (Ken Bone), and baffling but ubiquitous free-floating signifiers (Harambe). A good meme generates an outsized response — laughter or bafflement or outrage — that demands it be shared or repeated. It’s highly mutable — easy, or enticing, to refashion, remix, retrofit, Photoshop, edit, or import into something new. And it’s timely: In order to seize the attention of a substantial segment of the public, no small feat in 2016, it must scratch a particular collective itch at the moment it takes off.
Not that the election was lacking memes closer to its center, of course. In lengthy primary process and presidential campaign that often felt defined by widespread and infinitely remixable images and phrases — from “Please clap!” to “Birdie” Sanders — one candidate stood out, generating outrageous, attention-grabbing, mutable viral content at an obscene clip. And now we’re in for at least four more years of it. As one 4chan poster exulted on November 9, “we actually elected a meme as president.”
The internet-meme model of cultural consumption — seizure, transformation, distribution — is now applied to news and stories of all kinds, not just odd viral images and videos. The year’s most widespread and long-lasting meme wasn’t a silly viral image or memorable catchphrase but a news story: the tragic killing of Harambe, a gorilla at the Cincinnati Zoo into whose cage a toddler had fallen. Unsurprisingly, Harambe’s death immediately became a hotly discussed topic — in that sense a kind of meme — on parenting blogs and message boards. Less expected was that Harambe’s death would turn into a subject for parody song lyrics swapped on Twitter, and be deployed from there into obtuse satires of internet outrage and conspiracy culture (“Bush Did Harambe”). Eventually the word Harambe itself would become a punch line without a joke, to be inserted into high-school yearbook quotes and onto signs in the background of sports broadcasts as a sort of meme rubber-chicken, signifying “comedy” without having to go to the trouble of being funny. Harambe eventually wound its way into the periphery of the presidential election, his death mourned by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and his name polled as a presidential candidate.
Now that the election’s over, more Clinton officials and staffers are speaking publicly about the lax operational security that led to multiple hacker intrusions and email leaks, which the intelligence community overwhelmingly asserts were carried out by hackers affiliated with the Russian government. One of those leaks, comprising John Podesta’s large cache of personal emails, had devastating implications for the Democratic campaign, and happened because of … a typo.
The Trump presidency: (at least partially) brought to you by some clumsy fingers.
In March, Podesta received a phishing email that warned him of someone trying to access his account. It instructed him to reset his password by following a hyperlink to a page hosted on myaccount.google.com-securitysettingpage.tk/security. While it might appear that he was visiting google.com, he (or a staffer who managed his email) went to com-securitysettingpage.tk.
Before doing so, however, a Clinton staffer checked to see if the email was legitimate; basic security stuff. She got a response back from another staffer, Charles Delavan, who wrote “This is a legitimate email. John needs to change his password immediately, and ensure that two-factor authentication is turned on his account.” He also explicitly directed them to a site on google.com.
The only problem is that Delavan meant to call the email “illegitimate.” From a new report in the New York Times:
President-elect Donald Trump is planning to meet with tech industry leaders on Wednesday, the latest in a series of meetings in which famous people are photographed entering the lobby of Trump Tower, 20 minutes pass, and then Trump is photographed giving the thumbs-up.
It’s a fascinating meeting in part because over the last eight years the tech industry has acted in many ways as an extension of the Obama administration — not just in the extralegal ways revealed by Edward Snowden’s NSA leaks, but in its role as an economic powerhouse and center of innovation frequently pointed at by the president during his two terms. Obama has frequently pushed coding as an essential skill for young people to possess and held up those crazy dreamers in Silicon Valley as the future of American industry; he met regularly with the tech industry, which, in turn, donated substantial sums of money to Obama and the Democrats.
The twist here is that unlike many of the sycophants, repentant #NeverTrumpers, and randos that Trump has been meeting with over the last few weeks, this group’s relationship with Trump is, at best, ambivalent (Trump transition member Peter Thiel notwithstanding). Among the group meeting with him in Manhattan on Wednesday are, according to Recode, Alphabet CEO Larry Page and chairman Eric Schmidt, Apple CEO Tim Cook and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, and Oracle CEO Safra Catz. Elon Musk was added to the list yesterday, and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos — whom Trump has explicitly criticized for wielding the Washington Post against the Republican campaign — was also invited and is likely to attend.
At the end of the meeting, both sides will walk out with a slightly less fuzzy idea of the other. The tech guys will say that it was an interesting and fruitful discussion and they look forward to the future. Maybe Trump will get angry and fire off a tweet about fake news. Then, most of the executives will fly back to the West Coast, hoping that they don’t hear from the White House for the foreseeable future.
The makeup of this group gives some indication of the tech-industry sector that Trump plans on making nice with: The guest list tends toward enterprise and infrastructure businesses rather than the more popular and visible consumer apps, like Snapchat, or, apparently, Twitter. (Leaders from both Airbnb and Uber were reportedly invited, but declined to attend). Enterprise leaders like IBM, Oracle, and Cisco have seen Trump deal with Carrier and SoftBank, and likely imagine that there is good publicity — if not tax breaks — to be had in meeting with the president-elect and making vague promises about jobs.
For more data-driven and consumer-facing companies, like Facebook and Google, the issue is national security and surveillance operations, more so than the economy or jobs. The Trump camp will probably press for access to their proprietary information. Trump himself might not have a clear understanding of how information technology works (yesterday morning on Twitter: “Unless you catch ‘hackers’ in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking.”) but he knows which companies he’ll need to butter up (or alternatively, intimidate) to get what his national-security team is looking for.
Trump’s relationship with the tech industry is likely to be very different. On the issues Trump is most known for — limiting immigration and expanding manufacturing jobs — the tech industry stands in exact opposition. Getting Apple, for example, to move its manufacturing stateside would be costly on a number of levels. That the tech industry is even fielding calls from Trump shows slight capitulation, but it’s unclear what lobbying will be done and which concessions will be made by either side. The last thing any of these companies wants is public castigation from the incoming president (though it’s unclear what effect, if any, Trump’s boycott of Apple earlier this year had on sales). One gets the sense of two dogs sniffing each other’s butts for the first time.
Today marks the anniversary of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, a tragedy that comes with a number of horrifying superlatives: the deadliest school shooting in U.S. history, the third-deadliest shooting of any kind, and the first major American tragedy subjected to the full force of the internet’s conspiratorial machinery in real time.
Conspiracy theories, in the age of Trump, have moved from the fringes of our culture to the center of it. The president-elect is not a hardened conspiracy theorist, but appears to be something even more insidious: someone who wields conspiracies to his benefit, discarding them when they no longer serve his purpose but never seeing any need to make a principled stand against misinformation that doesn’t work to his benefit. During the Republican primary, a locally prominent Florida preacher named Carl Gallups, who had repeatedly called Sandy Hook a fabrication, introduced Trump at a rally in Pensacola. The campaign published a press release proudly announcing the endorsement, but when Media Matters and the Trace reported Gallups’s views on Sandy Hook, the campaign, which was leading Florida polls by a wide margin, deemed Gallups’s support expendable and quickly retracted its praise. “The campaign was not aware of this individual’s personal views, which we do not share or support,” Trump spokesperson Hope Hicks said in a statement. And yet Trump has embraced Alex Jones, the conspiracy-mongering founder of InfoWars, of whom Trump declared during an appearance on Jones’s radio show, “Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.” Gallups wasn’t worth the trouble, but Jones and his millions of viewers apparently were, and still are. Jones says that Trump called to thank him after the election.
A first step might be to recognize that while the vast majority of people are not delusional enough to show up at a pizzeria with a gun, or visit grieving families on the anniversary of their children’s murder, the problem of truthless speculation has become much wider spread than we’d care to acknowledge. Kim Snyder, who directed the recent documentary Newtown, told me recently that despite generally glowing reviews, two-thirds of the citizen ratings on her film’s IMDb page are one-star reviews, almost all of them accompanied by hoaxer rants. Those people are the extreme, willing to devote actual time and energy to smearing anything and anyone related to Sandy Hook. But Snyder had also met a young graphic designer with a nose ring at a screening in Beaver Creek, Colorado, who sat through 85 minutes of Newtown residents pouring out their grief only to walk up to Snyder afterward and ask if there was any truth to rumors she had heard about the hoax. Snyder had a similar experience at another screening in Martha’s Vineyard.
While Pozner is relieved that the issue is getting more attention, he doesn’t see it getting better in the near term, and believes wholesale changes, perhaps even legal ones, may be necessary. “There are no rules,” Pozner said, of life on the internet. “At some point we’re all gonna have to lose some rights so the internet can be more manageable, or it’s just gonna be a crazy place.” Doing so is complicated — how to distinguish between fake news, conspiracy theories that become defamatory or threatening, and honest Woodwardian and Bernsteinian investigation? — and may not be possible to parse with an algorithm. It turns out that some of humanity’s worst impulses might just need humans to solve them.
Pozner and others have since taken to inflicting real-world consequences on the most egregious hoaxers, mostly online. Pozner has removed hundreds of YouTube videos, blog posts, and even entire websites by patiently filing a variety of complaints, most often copyright requests against sites who use a family photo of his son without his permission. Pozner said that since Trump’s election it seems that the hoaxer movement has been “emboldened.” While Alex Jones largely dropped Sandy Hook after Pozner removed a Sandy Hook–related video from his site last year — among hardened Sandy Hook hoaxers, Jones actually is viewed as a traitor who abandoned the cause — since Trump’s election, Jones has begun talking about it again. Meanwhile, the internet’s gatekeepers continue to respond to the problem haltingly, seemingly uncertain of what exactly they should be doing. “My hatred for Google and YouTube and Facebook has increased 1,000 percent since you and I spoke last,” Pozner told me last week. “They are the ones who cause me all the stress when I try to take the ugliness down.”
In the face of most criticisms, the tech world has up to now fallen back on an ethos of unrestrained freedom — that people have a right to say and do most anything they please, and that the purpose of technology is here to allow them to do things that they’ve always wanted but haven’t had the means. That seemingly noble goal has allowed Silicon Valley to avoid seriously considering the negative impacts of the otherwise liberating systems they create. There were Columbine conspiracy theorists, too, but in the early days of the internet, there was nowhere for them to gather. Now, there are services cropping up specifically to aid the spread of conspiracy theories: A number of white-supremacist figures have moved from Twitter, which had begun kicking some of them off, to Gab, a service that claims it won’t ban much of anything shy of posting child pornography or threatening terrorism, so users can feel free to promote the Sandy Hook hoax, along with other conspiracies, with impunity and without evidence. Last month, when Pozner finally convinced a hosting service to drop a particular virulent conspiracy-theory site — after filing 20 separate complaints — the site received an offer of help from an outfit called “Tin Foil Web Design,” which identifies as a collective of web designers and marketing strategists “who long ago took the red pill.” (Its owners declined to comment, saying they do not give interviews to “pressistutes.”)
Since my story on Pozner came out, I’ve heard this story dozens of times from people who have had an otherwise well-educated and thoughtful friend or family member who has shocked them by admitting that they weren’t sure Sandy Hook happened. “I’ve been saying it from the beginning,” Pozner said. “The hoax thing is like a brush fire. It hasn’t been contained, and we can’t just leave it alone because it will keep burning, and it will eventually show up and it will burn through your town.” When I joined Wolfgang Halbig on one of his investigatory trips to Newtown this summer, I watched as a woman recognized Halbig from across the street, then started walking toward him. I expected an angry confrontation — several Newtown residents had relayed dark fantasies about what they would do if they found themselves in Halbig’s presence — but instead the woman shook Halbig’s hand and thanked him. Later, she told me that she had moved to Newtown after the shooting, with her husband and kids. The woman, who begged me not to disclose her name, now lives less than a minute from the school, and knew people who had lost children, but still wasn’t sure about the whole thing. “I think something happened that is being covered up,” she said. Rather than believe the lived experience of her neighbors’ grief, she was more convinced by stuff she had read on the internet.
We have traditionally been able to depend on our leaders to refute and reject conspiratorial thinking, but the president-elect has shown little sign of tempering his embrace of conspiracies when they prove beneficial. Traditional journalism can bring sympathy for the victims among the already sympathetic, but doesn’t seem capable of doing much to counter the fringes of conspiratorial thinking: As soon as my piece was published, it immediately became part of the conspiracy itself, as hoaxers took to the comments section and my email inbox insisting that I was covering up the truth just like the rest of the media. Lenny Pozner began his campaign with patient person-to-person outreach, reasoning with commenters on message boards, answering questions, and converting a number of people who weren’t hardened hoaxers, but that strategy has its obvious limitations.
Four years on, the genuinely crackpot notion that the attack was a staged hoax — that no one died — has persisted, and the harassment of victims and their families in the name of investigating the idea shows little sign of abating. In the past month, a 57-year-old Florida woman named Lucy Richards was indicted on charges of sending death threats to Lenny Pozner, whose son Noah was killed at Sandy Hook, and a hoaxer who lives in New York City was arrested on similar charges. Pozner, whom I wrote about this past summer, has devoted the last several years of his life to fighting Sandy Hook hoaxers like Richards and Wolfgang Halbig, a Florida man who has relentlessly pestered the town and its families for further proof that their children actually died. Last week, Halbig told me that he had decided to move to Newtown for six months, in order to further his investigation, and later sent an email to me and many others with his travel itinerary. On Facebook, he said he planned to be there for today’s moment of silence honoring the 26 murdered children and adults. Several Newtown residents told me that if Halbig does show up, they have plans for him, too.
I recently finished up testing a bunch of different pairs of wireless headphones. For every pair I tried out, I downloaded and listened to .flac files, the generally accepted gold standard of digital audio. But I also wanted to listen to songs I knew pretty well, and that meant heading to Spotify. Along the way, I started messing around with Spotify a bit more than I had in the past. After weeks of listening very closely to a bunch of different tracks, here are some tips for making the most of Spotify, both on your desktop and on your phone.
If you’re paying the $9.99 a month to avoid ads, you’re also paying to get the right to listen to much-higher-quality versions of songs. To hear them, hit Preferences in your Spotify client:
Then scroll down about half a page until you see Music Quality:
Hopefully you’re already doing this when you’re on a good Wi-Fi connection in order save your data plan, but there are some knock-on benefits here besides not blowing through a half gig a day streaming songs and the ability to listen to music even while stuck on an A train due to a sick passenger. The biggest one is you can download high-quality versions of songs:
To do this on iOS:
Go to Your Library on the far bottom right, and then hit the gear icon on the upper right for settings. Go to “Streaming Quality,” and then scroll down to “Download quality,” and bump it up to Extreme.
To do this on Android:
Extreme files, encoded at 320 kbps, are going to be large; expect each minute of music to take up about 2.4 megabytes, meaning a 50-minute album can come in at 120 megabytes in total. So you’ll want to be judicious about what you pick, unless you’ve got just gobs and gobs of storage space. If you want to don’t want to take up quite so much space (or make hard choices), you can download at High, encoded at 160 kbps, where a 50-minute album will take up about 60 megabytes of space. Both will sound better than the default download of Normal, which is encoded at 96 kbps.
Go to Your Library on the far bottom right, and then hit the gear icon on the upper right for settings. Scroll down about halfway, and you’ll hit Music Quality. Bump up your download quality to Extreme.
To get to the equalizer on iOS:
Tucked away on both the Android and iPhone versions of Spotify is an equalizer, which lets you adjust the levels of music you’re listening to on the fly. This is helpful if you’re using not-very-good headphones, and arguably even more so if you’re using really good headphones — high-end manufacturers pride themselves on delivering a “flat” sound, assuming the end user will be on the adjusting the levels themselves.
Go to Your Library on the far bottom right, and then hit the gear icon on the upper right for settings. Go to the Playback menu, and then tap on “Equaliser” (yes, it’s spelled in the British manner; no, I don’t know why). Turn on the Equaliser toggle at the top of that menu, and then begin to adjust the sliders.
Go to Your Library on the far bottom right, and then hit the gear icon on the upper right for settings. Scroll nearly all the way down Settings and you’ll see “Equalizer” (this time spelled the good ol’ American way). Tapping this will actually take you to the Equalizer settings found in Google’s Play Music app — but will give you access to the same basic settings.
To get to the equalizer on Android:
Both the iOS and Android versions of Spotify will have a bunch of presets you can try out to see what works best for whatever you’re listening to, or you can fiddle with the settings yourself. My go-to setting for most things is turning the bass up slightly, the mid-levels down a bit, and the high end up a bit more. (It’ll look a bit like a lopsided smiley face.) That said, you’ll want to adjust this depending on what you’re listening to — piano concertos will sound better with different EQ settings than sludge metal. The nice part of messing with these levels is there really isn’t a wrong way to adjust it here. If it sounds good to you, congrats: That’s the best setting.
This is more an issue on Android than on iOS, but both versions of Spotify will either lower the sound or pause it completely if you get a notification or text. (We’ll assume it’s okay for the music to pause for an incoming call.) On iOS, you can always just flip the mute switch on the phone to avoid these interruptions, but Android can be a bit trickier.
On a clean install of Android (i.e., if you’re using a Nexus or Pixel phone), you can just set the volume to vibrate-only to avoid this. But Android has become such a fragmented OS that different phones may react differently. An Android app called Don’t Pause will prevent this across the board — it successfully keep text messages from muting Spotify on a Samsung Galaxy S7, while just setting the volume to vibrate didn’t.
Of the many outrageous promises made by Donald Trump during his successful campaign for the presidency, none has seemed quite so ominous as his threat to enforce mandatory registration for Muslims in the U.S. The hypothetical registry, which Trump said last year he’d “absolutely” implement, is of particular relevance to the tech industry, since the work of creating such a database would almost certainly fall to coders, and possibly contracted tech companies.
So far, tech companies themselves have held the question of collaboration with Trump at arm’s length. Last week, the Intercept’s Sam Biddle asked nine companies if they would aid the government in building a database; only Twitter responded with a firm “no” (the only other comment came from Microsoft, who said that “We’re not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point”). In an internal email mistakenly sent to BuzzFeed’s Nitasha Tiku, Facebook described questions about a Muslim database as a “straw man.”
Through a bulleted list of specifics, the signatories “refuse to participate in the creation of databases of identifying information for the United States government to target individuals based on race, religion, or national origin” and commit to lobbying their tech-giant bosses to “minimize the collection and retention of data that would facilitate ethnic or religious targeting.” The signatories also endorse “[scaling] back existing datasets with unnecessary racial, ethnic, and national origin data.”
But Trump hasn’t backed off of his promise of Muslim registration, and other tech-industry workers are willing to speak out, even if the sector’s institutions aren’t. This week, a subset of coders, developers, and engineers in the tech industry and beyond circulated a pledge, promising to refuse to help create or maintain a database of Muslims. The first paragraph of neveragain.tech reads:
The problem is that the Muslim database that Silicon Valley doesn’t want to build already exists.
For anyone worried about tech-industry collusion, the pledge is heartening. As a public show of solidarity with understandably anxious American Muslims, it’s extremely successful.
Most of Silicon Valley’s most successful businesses are built on enormous data-collection operations. This is explicitly clear for the companies that are, at their core, advertising giants — Facebook and Google — but even consumer-tech companies like Apple and retail businesses like Amazon keep vast stores of data on their users. None of this data collection is sinister in intent, but it means that those companies know an enormous amount about you — and their other hundreds of millions of users.
And it doesn’t matter if you don’t explicitly note your religion (or sexuality, or political beliefs) in your usage. These companies spent the past year crowing about “artificial intelligence” and “deep neural networks” and “machine learning” — buzzwords that translate to processes that can deduce new information about users from existing data sets. In other words, no matter how coy you might be about your religion online, if you’re a regular user of Facebook or Google, those companies can likely accurately predict it anyway. Now these same organizations remain silent as the prospect grows that their tools may be used for nefarious purposes.
In one notorious instance, Facebook was able to predict whether users were gay, even when those users hadn’t explicitly noted their sexuality in their profiles. Again, this isn’t surprising, nor is it, in the abstract, nefarious — businesses rest on collecting as much information about its users as possible. And advertisers, for example, cannot target users based on their stated religious affiliations (the “Religious Views” section of one’s profile), but they can target people who have listed Islam as an interest. The thing is, tools that target users for advertisers can also target them for the government. Identifying Muslim users on Facebook is a relatively simple database query.
In the same way, even if you haven’t told Google your religious affiliation, you have probably signaled it very effectively. If you’re constantly Googling when sunrise and sunset are during Ramadan, there’s a decent likelihood that you’re Muslim. If you have a recurring Calendar entry for Bible study every week, there’s a good chance that you’re Christian. If, as I have, you’ve Googled “when is Hanukkah” six times this month, you might be Jewish. If your Chrome browser history is full of visits to the atheism subreddit … well, you get the picture.
Mapping and navigation apps are another treasure trove of signaling data. If you’re repeatedly querying how long it’ll take to get to a mosque or temple or church, or you’re taking an Uber there, you’ve effectively told these companies how you worship.
It is telling that, as of now, not a single Facebook employee has signed the pledge at neveragain.tech (those who have did so in a personal capacity, not as representatives of their employer). The intent of this pledge, and its signatories, is laudatory. But the unfortunate truth is that the toothpaste is already out of the tube.
Obviously, this is all still a hypothetical concern, and you can hope that enough people would stand against a president reckless and evil enough to force American Muslims to register themselves, and it’d never come to this. But it’s not an abstract one. None of these companies, to state the obvious, meant to create a religious database, and the vast troves of data linked to Silicon Valley and sitting in server farms and warehouses across the country are not a comprehensive database. But they’re close, and getting closer, and the fact is that no matter how much more a Trump presidency might hypothetically want, the tech industry has already done much of the legwork.
Starting today, Twitter is giving users an easier way to broadcast live video to their followers. Everybody is already doing it, so now Twitter guesses it should too. The new feature, powered by Twitter-owned Periscope, will be available as a “Live” button found in the same place you’d look to add a photo when you compose a tweet on mobile. From there, just point your camera toward the march, or concert, or your Chewbacca-mask-wearing face and get to sharing.
Users will be given a chance to prep for their livestream using a “pre-broadcast screen” which pops up after tapping “Live.” Once you’re set, tap “Go Live” and well, go live. “Once you’re live, anyone on Twitter and Periscope can join your live video and participate in your experience,” Twitter notes. (This is much like using Periscope on Twitter in the past, just more streamlined since you no longer need the second app.) Users who like your broadcast can “heart” it to show they’re digging your good content or send comments in real time to tell you they’re not.
The light-studded Lexus IS, which required a mile-long length of wire to power the display, was a collaboration between Lexus and Vevo. British artist Dua Lipa’s “Be the One” music video featured the car, in all its technicolor glory.
Why? The fact that hackers were able to get at “unencrypted security questions and answers.” You can always change your passwords (and you really should be using a password manager regardless). But security questions and answers tend to get reused just as much as passwords — how many different sites know your mother’s maiden name, the city where you were born, or the name of your first pet? — and allow for committed hackers to socially engineer their way into various accounts by using that information for a password reset. (Sarah Palin, you may remember, had her Yahoo email account hacked in 2008 by someone using this method.) Worse, while virtually every site will let you change your password after you learn about a data breach, many still won’t let you update your security question and answers — Facebook being a prime example of this.
What Yahoo understandably didn’t include in the email, but did reveal in a public statement: This data breach affected one billion user accounts, making it the largest reported loss of user information in history.
So, what can you do if you were affected? You can change your password yet again. You can turn on two-factor authentication on sites that have it, meaning someone would need access to both your phone and your account information to log in. You can change your security question and answers on sites that will let you. (Set aside some time for this, as even the sites that will let you change this information don’t make it easy.) If you’re truly worried, you can put a freeze on credit checks, which can prevent malicious users from attempting to open credit cards in your name.
And, most important, you can ditch your Yahoo account altogether (sorry, Flickr users). Get my data stolen in the world’s largest hack once, shame on me. Get my data stolen in the world’s largest hack twice, time to flee.
Yahoo has had a stunningly bad year when it comes to security. In September it revealed it was the target of what was, until today, the largest data breach in history, with 500 million accounts having their information taken in 2014. There was also a report that Yahoo refused to confirm that a hacker was selling information on 200 million Yahoo accounts from a data breach in 2012. A report in October also revealed that, under the instruction of CEO Marissa Mayer, it built a backdoor search engine for every user’s incoming email at the request of the NSA. As I said in September, the only reason to keep a Yahoo email account is for a dummy account to use when you need to provide an email address. But with this breach, I’d say even that perhaps places you at too much risk.
Dashboard video from a fellow driver shows the car clearly blowing through a crosswalk after the light has changed. A worrying sign to anyone, regardless of how they feel about driverless cars.
Uber began testing its autonomous vehicles in San Francisco yesterday, and almost immediately footage began circulating of one of their Volvos, outfitted with an array of cameras, ripping through a stoplight.
So Nintendo has put out its first game ever for the smartphone, Super Mario Run. It’s got pedigree — Nintendo legend Shigeru Miyamoto had a hand in designing it — and the built-in appeal of the most famous video-game franchise in history. It looks great, plays remarkably well, and has the bright and friendly charm of nearly all games created by Nintendo. Here’s the catch, though: It costs $10, far more than most mobile games, and you can’t play it if you don’t have an internet connection.
It’s also recognizably a Mario game, picking and choosing liberally from the series history — especially during its days on the Nintendo and Super Nintendo. The controls have the same crisp response and agility of the best games in the series, which is remarkable considering you play in portrait mode (meaning you can’t see very far in front of you) and the only way to control the game is to tap on the screen. The level design is carefully considered, giving you multiple paths through levels, slowly adding in layers of complexity, and using the endless forward movement to create its own unique challenges.
There’s two main modes you can play in: World Tour, which takes you through six different worlds of four levels apiece, for a total of 24 levels, and Toad Rally, in which you compete against other players’ recorded runs to outperform and outscore them. Both World Tour and Toad Rally feed into the game’s third mode, Kingdom Builder, where you spend the coins and, uh, Toad citizens (it kinda sorta makes sense within the game) to build up your Kingdom. To get better stuff in your kingdom, you have to play more of the game — especially the competitive Toad Rally mode — while earning more of various types of currency.Scoring extra coins and Mario points and differently colored Toad citizens (again, it kinda sorta makes sense) is normally where many mobile games would start to bait the hooks to get at your wallet, selling you extra stuff for real money and counting on the fact that a small percentage of “whales” will spend hundreds or thousands of dollars on in-game stuff while many others will just grind their way through. Thanks to paying a larger upfront cost, players avoid that, and it makes Super Mario Run overall a much more enjoyable game.
To that end, great websites don’t necessarily start and end with design, but rather with a few other details that often go overlooked. Here are three important things to keep in mind:
Example: A few months ago, we worked alongside Sophia Amoruso to create not only a website for her Girlboss Foundation, but also to build a template that other similarly minded creatives or nonprofits could use to showcase their work. Girlboss.com serves as much more than a static landing page, rather, it’s a hub for storytelling. By way of new blog entries, fresh content, and an active social media strategy, Sophia ensures that visitors continue to return to her site, and explore more of what Girlboss Foundation has to offer.
This mistake is the fourth in a series from Facebook this year, including exaggerating video views reported back in September and a skewed number of likes and reaction emoji being received on some content, as noted by Facebook earlier this month.
Studying a set of 1,618 random tweets in English over a 12-hour period, Emojipedia discerned that 33 percent of people were using the emoji as “shorthand for butt,” while 27 percent of people tweeting the emoji were using it sexually. Only 7 percent of people were actually tweeting about fruit, which was still a larger number than the 4 percent of people using the emoji to express happiness or feeling “peachy.” While it’s not a terribly comprehensive study — Emojipedia notes since these were public tweets, their data doesn’t do much for intel on how people use the peach in private — 93 percent of the tweets analyzed had nothing to do with actual fruit.
Emojipedia also studied the most popular emoji people use in tandem with the peach. Unsurprisingly, the winner by a solid margin was the eggplant emoji, though Emojipedia also notes many of the tweets containing multiple emoji were “promotional tweets from a flower bot.” And yet. Eggplant. Peach. You do the math.
Facebook is testing a new feature that will allow users to block advertising content that may be triggering. According to a report from Ad Age, the social-media platform is currently letting some users block ads about parenting and alcohol. “Those are the two most common topics,” Facebook’s Mark Rabkin told Ad Age. “For families who experience the loss of a child, to continue to see ads about parenting and new baby stuff, that can be really upsetting.”
Almost two months after it was revealed that the Vine app would be “discontinued,” Twitter has announced it will not be shelving the six-second video app entirely. Instead, Vine will get a second life as a “pared-down” camera app, the company announced in a blog post. Users will be able to use the camera app to create the same kind of video content that brought us Eyebrows on Fleek and Squiward Dabbing and share them via other platforms, like Vine’s parent company Twitter.
Facebook has long let users curate a list of their interests and hobbies to better direct ad preferences — if you want to feel really creeped out, you can see the entire list of things Facebook already thinks you’re into here — but letting users block specific ad content is new, probably because letting users choose not to see ads isn’t exactly great for business. Facebook also told Ad Age the preemptive blocking feature is part of a bigger set of changes for the company’s ad-preferences system, making it simpler to use and easier to locate. Now if only Facebook could do something about making it as easy to block fake news as it is to block an ad for Coors Light.
President-elect Donald Trump’s Wednesday summit with the leaders of some of America’s most valuable and powerful tech companies was highly anticipated by the tech press, but aside from some uncomfortable photos in which everyone looks about 40 minutes out from having eaten a Trump Tower Grill taco bowl, the meeting’s specific talking points were unknown.
Last night, tech’s best-sourced reporter, Kara Swisher, produced a few more details about the meeting, mostly revealing what we already knew: that Donald Trump likes to tell people what he thinks they want to hear. “Anything we can do to help this go on and really be there for you, you’ll call my people, you’ll call me, it doesn’t make any difference,” Trump told the group.
From Recode:
“Let’s fix immigration restrictions,” said Donald Trump, the xenophobic decaying holiday gourd whose main campaign plank was building an enormous wall along the southern border to keep Mexican rapists out.
Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg also brought up the issue of maternity leave, which Trump said he would look into without giving any specifics and then punted to Mike Pence, a man not known for his particular political advocacy for women. A source told Recode that the blustery president-elect was “reasonable and fair the whole time.” (If there’s one thing Trump is actually consistent on, it’s his need for the approval of those richer than him.)
What seems excessively clear, if unsurprising, is that the “summit” was more of a photo opportunity than anything else. There was no dressing-down of the tech executives who declined to support Trump during the campaign; nor was there a sense of how Trump might work with (or against) the tech industry, or the issues it cares about, in the future.
Equally clear in the near-ubiquitous silence from executives at the meeting is that they’re unwilling to speak out against the president-elect. If Trump actually does something about H-1B visas and leaves the international tax-avoidance schemes used by these companies alone, they seem more than happy to let him wreak havoc everywhere else.
But it could go the other way, too. If we want to know how a Trump administration will relate to the tech industry, we’re better off looking at actual policy proposals than meetings in Trump Tower. The biggest issue facing the industry in the coming months is the almost-certain death of net neutrality. Earlier this month, FCC chairman Tom Wheeler announced his plans to resign on Inauguration Day, leaving a vacancy that will be filled by anti-regulation FCC member Ajit Pai, the ranking Republican on the commission. Net neutrality forbids throttling bandwidth or letting certain client pay ISPs for prioritizing their network. In essence, it makes the internet, technically speaking, an even playing field.
In the wake of the election, Pai has said that the principle’s “days are numbered,” an unsurprising statement that means a ton of power for ISPs and mobile carriers, and a virtual death sentence for any internet destination that can’t pay to play. Even large sites like Google, Facebook, and Netflix support net neutrality — they don’t want to be forced to cut deals with the T-Mobiles and Cablevisions of the world to ensure their sites are fast-loading and accessible.
Trump’s tech summit was little more than a glorified photo op. The real tech issues relating to his presidency will be debated in conference rooms in Washington, D.C., far from the glitzy halls of Trump Tower.
According to the blog post, Vine users will be able to download all of their Vines, and existing videos from the happier days of Vine will live on anywhere they are embedded and remain online on Vine’s website. “In the coming days we’re also rolling out a way to make it easy for your Vine followers to follow you on Twitter,” the company noted.
While it’s not anywhere near as good as having an entire social network devoted to creating, sharing, and mindlessly looping weird and wonderful short video, the new app will allow people to continue making that type of content with the same ease of use that made Vine so great in the first place. Something Twitter might have considered telling people back in October before we all wrote obituaries and had to feel genuine emotions about losing an app.
Do you own a parrot? Do you also own a Google-powered device like a Pixel phone or a Google Home? Great. Now, place both in the same room and use Google’s smart assistant system, Ok Google, until your parrot learns to imitate the beeping sound that pings every time you say “Ok, Google” and lets you know the assistant is listening for your command. If you want a clearer idea of what that sounds like, Coco the parrot here has it down pat.
According to Coco’s owner who posted the video to YouTube, the Google beep is among this African grey parrot’s “top ten favorite noises to make.” Here’s hoping No. 1 is the dial-up-internet-connection song.
Speaking to Ars Technica, Facebook said:
Officials in the German government are considering comprehensive regulations for platforms — like Facebook — that are easily turned into machines for misinformation. According to Deutsche Welle, Social Democratic Party parliamentary chairman Thomas Oppermann has proposed rapid-response teams for people smeared by falsified stories.
The proposed penalty for platforms that do not adequately respond to service would be €500,000 ($531,000).
The proposal is an interesting measure against a growing issue for large social-media platforms. But there are a number of potential issues. For one thing, €500,000 is chump change to a company like Facebook, which has a market capitalization north of $300 billion. Second, intent and practice are two different things. Much of the debate surrounding the catchall category of “fake news” concerns what actually constitutes “fake,” rather than “slanted” or “mistaken” versus “willfully untrue.” It’s not difficult to imagine something like this being taken advantage of in the the same way that copyright trolls abuse YouTube’s takedown system.
It may also end up being a moot gesture. Facebook has spent much of the last year testing new interfaces for its News Feed and placing bets on its many other products, like Messenger, and it’s not at all hard to imagine that Facebook in the future will — like Facebook-owned Instagram — disallow external links entirely, or severely limit them. What’s the point of regulating content you can’t control when it’d be easier — and better for your business — to get rid of it entirely?
This morning, Facebook began rolling out group chat for its Messenger app, the messaging service it runs that is not WhatsApp.
In addition to group-chat improvements, Messenger also rolled out other features last week: holiday-themed geofilters and virtual face masks. If you’ve used Snapchat, you’ll know exactly what’s going on.
Up to 6 people can video chat at the same time while up to 50 people can talk over voice and text. If the grid-based layout of Messenger’s group-video setup looks familiar to you, that might be because of its striking resemblance to Houseparty, the popular app that took off earlier this year.
You can use both of these features to talk to your friends over the holidays, when you’re trapped upstairs in your childhood bedroom avoiding your family. Just update the app and you’re good to go.
For as popular as the biggest YouTubers might be, part of their appeal lies in the simple fact that many of them are young and naïve and might not get precisely how the world works. It’s no secret that vloggers thrive on drama; the smallest encounters either willfully exaggerated with grabby titles or earnestly exaggerated by people who are not even or just barely adults.
That’s why the hot, new meme this week is making fun of how dramatic YouTubers are (very) and how they see the world.
Oh, YouTubers … when will they ever learn. Hopefully never!
With just a few days left before December 25, the deadline for nabbing gifts from Amazon or other online retailers is fast approaching. (Amazon’s two-day shipping will hit the cutoff on December 22, and one-day shipping on December 23.) With that in mind, here’s some solid gift ideas for under $50.
This battery brick holds 30,000 mAh (or milliamp hours), which is a ton of battery power — even the beefiest phone will be able to recharge at least nine times from this. Two USB-A outlets mean you can charge nearly everything, which is more and more helpful as more and more stuff we carry (looking at you, wireless headphones) becomes worthless without power. A Lightning cable input means you can use the same cord to charge it as you use to charge your iPhone. And anything that uses a USB-C charger (many Android cell phones and a growing number of Apple, PC, and Chromebook laptops) can use Quick Charge 3.0, which can take a dead cell phone to fully powered in about an hour. While a portable charger may seem a little utilitarian for a present (“Honey, I got you 24-port gigabit ethernet rackmount switch!”), anyone who’s spent a cross-country flight with a dead gadget will appreciate the backup.
This is a very, very good parent gift. The Roku streaming stick tucks neatly behind most flat-screen TVs and will grab nearly every streaming option available in a way that’s easy to search (and, unlike Chromecast or Amazon’s Fire Stick, doesn’t favor certain, possibly more expensive, services over others). Setup is quick and painless, you’ll have no problem finding things to watch, and it guarantees you’ll be able to watch something decent if you’re headed home for the holidays.
Perfect For: Anyone who’d like a dead-simple way to get at their streaming services.
Amazon’s Fire tablet is nobody’s idea of what a top-of-the-line tablet looks like. But it is a surprising amount of tablet for $40. Anyone with an Amazon Prime account gets access to everything in Prime’s video and audio library and can use it as a full-color Kindle as well. Anything more graphics-intensive than Angry Birds is going to chug a little bit, and the Amazon App store is relatively barren — if you have the time, go ahead and install the Google Play store before you gift this. (You may also throw in a 32 GB Micro SD card as well for an extra $10.) But it’s a solid tablet for someone who’d like something to browse the web with or watch a few movies and TV shows and doesn’t need much more.
Perfect For: Anyone who travels and doesn’t want to throw elbows around a power outlet at the airport.
Perfect For: Casual tech users who might enjoy an easy way to watch Masterpiece Theatre.
Perfect For: Anyone who uses headphones. Naomi Klein fans.
These headphones sound far, far better than anything that costs $44 should — they deliver that bass and high-end pop you want out of consumer headphones. Status Audio cuts out branding altogether — there’s no logo in sight — while delivering a whole lot of sound quality for not much money. They’re pretty much the exact opposite of Beats by Dre.
Perfect For: Anyone who cringes at the sound quality of your average Bluetooth speaker.
Have an audiophile in your life? Buying them anything can be tough — good-quality speaker components are pricey, and they probably have a very specific idea of what they want for their home system regardless. Enter the Chromecast Audio, a dongle you can plug into any speaker to enable wireless streaming. It supports many (though not all) music-streaming services, and you can even stream stuff from your Chrome browser to your stereo.
Losing your keys bites. Tile stops that from happening. Slip this Bluetooth-enabled tag on your keyring (or bike or bag or laptop or whatever) and use the built-in smartphone app to keep track of it. If you’re scrambling to find your keys before heading out the door, use your phone to sound off a (quite loud!) alarm. If you have your keys and need to find your phone, press down on the Tile twice to make your phone emit its own alarm sound. This isn’t quite the same as a LoJack — the Tile only pings off your phone’s Bluetooth, and doesn’t have built-in GPS — but your phone will remember the last place you saw it, so if you make it home from the bar without your keys, you can at least be pretty sure of where you left them, even if you’re locked out. And if something truly goes missing, report it lost to Tile, which will tell its network of users (about 5 million of them worldwide) to be on the look out for whatever you’ve lost. As someone who misplaces crap about two times a week, I’m picking up a four-pack for myself.
Perfect For: Any absent-minded loved one.
Heads up: If you click on links to buy stuff, New York may earn a little money off it. That said, we don’t recommend stuff we wouldn’t buy for ourselves (or, in this case, others).
1. Thinking simplicity is a bad thing: Blank space is something to be embraced, not feared. You don’t always need complex, massive sites if you only have a simple message to convey. Saying something concisely often allows you to say it well. Adding superfluous content just creates white noise and detracts from your purpose.
2. Letting mobile design be an after-thought: These days, many websites are accessed via mobile devices or tablets. As such, it’s worthwhile to think about designing for the small screen and work your way up, rather than starting on a large desktop and working your way down. Squarespace allows you to preview how your site will look across mobile, tablet, and desktop instantly.
3. Undervaluing the importance of text: While websites often place the highest premium upon their visual elements (large hero images, video backgrounds, and the like), the text and prose of a site should not feel like a throwaway. Every aspect of your website should be carefully curated, and that includes what you write and how it’s presented. Not only should your copy be well-written, but the style of typography should also be carefully considered. While a font choice might seem trivial, it’s one of those tiny details that are only noticeable when they go wrong.
Leaked documents posted by German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung appear to show the thorny guidelines established by Facebook for removing content from its platform. The guidelines, which Facebook provides to third-party content-moderation contractors, mostly pertain to original sharing — status updates, photos, and so on. They don’t concern outbound links (in other words, nothing on fake news). It’s unclear how old the guidelines are. We’ve reached out to Facebook to confirm their legitimacy and find out when they were created.
Diagrams and practice exercises for controversial statuses provide some examples of what is and is not permitted. The status “Fucking Muslims!” is not allowed, while the status “Fucking migrants!” is.
Broadly speaking, Facebook does not permit attacks on what they call “protected categories.” These categories include sex, religious affiliation, national origin, gender identity, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, and disability. According to the English translation of the article, there is some wiggle room: “while members of religious groups are protected, religion itself is not. The same applies to countries. While speaking badly about France or Germany is allowed in general, condemning people on the basis of their nationality is not.”
These rules do not apply to public individuals, defined as people elected to public office, with more than 100,000 social-media followers, media personalities, and people who appear in news reports frequently.
It appears that broad attacks on personal traits are not allowed, but specificity makes things permissible. The status “Don’t trust boys!” violates Facebook’s terms, but writing “Don’t trust boys who say they love you” is within the bounds of the policy.
Showing bodily functions such as urination and menstruation operates on a sliding scale. If the content is meant to humiliate the subject, then it gets deleted. It can stay up if there is no bullying context or if it concerns a public figure. One absolutely perfect section of the leaks contains photos of Fergie and Owen Wilson peeing and Harry Styles puking as illustrations of permitted content.
There is also distinction between stances and insults. “Migrants are scum!” violates Facebook policies, but “Asylum seekers out!” does not.
The general rule is that bullying is not allowed. The leaked guidelines explicitly prohibit ranking private individuals based on physical appearance or personality. If that’s the case, then Facebook is going to be livid when they hear about how Facebook started.
Late last night, an incredible discovery was made: The YouTube channel for Imax accidentally uploaded a version of the trailer for The Mummy that was missing a bunch of audio. The exciting airplane set piece meant to hook potential moviegoers is now hysterically flaccid without sound effects and just a ton of grunting.
The trailer has disappeared from Imax’s channel, but someone from Tumblr managed to save it. Please enjoy.
Today at Bloomberg, Mark Gurman does a precise and unsparing autopsy of the thoroughly underwhelming rollout of Apple’s newest laptops. The problems are myriad. There’s the still dubious value proposition of the Touch Bar, the move to eliminate every port except USB-C, and underpowered machines that cost significantly more than nearly everything else on the market — even compared to Apple’s usual markups.
But perhaps the most troubling problem since launch is that the MacBook Pro batteries are unreliable. Verge editor Jake Kastrenakes saw six hours of battery life on average, from a computer that promised ten. Apple sent him a replacement laptop — and he experienced the exact same battery issues.
Even those with relatively decent battery life in their new MacBook Pros were reporting something much more frustrating: The time estimate of how much juice they had on their laptop until it goes dead fluctuated wildly. Apple, in response to the outcry, decided to fix the problem by eliminating the time estimate in its latest OS update. So if you have 37 percent battery life left on your very pricey new MacBook Pro, you get to play a fun guessing game of when exactly the thing will go belly-up on you.
So, why the problems with the batteries? Gurman explains what exactly went wrong:
So, if Gurman’s report is accurate, Apple shipped MacBook Pros with non-optimal batteries in order to hit a key sales season, rather than waiting to get it right. Yes, Apple has a historical obsession with deadlines. And, yes, when it delays products like the AirPods or the white iPhone 4, it becomes a news story. But by pushing forward, Apple has punished those who jumped on the new MacBook Pro at launch this year.
Gurman’s article goes into plenty more detail about what his sources say has gone wrong at Apple. With laptops representing around 10 percent of their total revenue, Jony Ive and others have shifted their focus elsewhere (except, of course, to make sure that new MacBook Pros come with the rose-gold option). There isn’t even a dedicated Mac OS team anymore, with Mac OS engineers reassigned to iOS teams. Meanwhile, Apple management, instead of having the its laptop division focus on one singular project, now starts by offering up competing visions for what the next laptop should be, only to pick one toward the end of a development cycle and forcing everyone to rush something to market. Worst of all, Gurman hints that 2017 will see, at best, minor updates to the MacBook line (though, maybe, Apple will finally update its desktop iMac line).
It’s tempting to want to blame the buyer here. Apple, after all, has a long history of not quite sticking the landing on its first attempt at something new. But it had been 18 months since an update to the MacBook Pro, and before that it had been nearly two years. Many core users were still limping along on relatively creaky machines and were anxious to get something better. Now, because they jumped first, they’re stuck with laptops that don’t perform up to the level Apple promised.
After Apple’s laptop rollout in late October, I asked: Is Apple giving up on making great computers? After all the stumbles of the new MacBook Pro and Apple’s seeming indifference to its laptop division, it’s fair to ask: Will Apple eventually just give up on making computers, period?
Update: Aaaaaand it’s gone now. Hopefully it will show up somewhere else soon though.
Update 2: It’s back! (For now.)
Vic Berger IV is not — and this is going to sound weird, but bear with me — involved in an online pedophilia ring. If you take one thing away from this story, it should be that. Berger is a Tim & Eric collaborator and video editor who recently made something of a name for himself publishing surreal videos built mostly from presidential campaign footage. Yet a disturbingly large number of people have sent him hundreds of tweets and messages accusing him of being connected to a nonexistent Twitter pedophilia ring.
The reason for this is that Mike Cernovich, a leading alt-right and manosphere figure, has implied as such, over and over and over, in tweets and Periscope videos. He appears to have done so because he is mad at Berger over a Twitter fight. Berger has, indeed, repeatedly made fun of Cernovich. Cernovich has responded by escalating their insult war into accusations of horrible crimes, and weaponizing his hundreds of thousands of followers into a sustained campaign of harassment and threats. This is the 2016 internet.
Maybe the first thing to understand about Cernovich — in the context of this story, at least — is that he has a tendency to accuse people he dislikes, whether politicians or the subjects of his online disputes, of terrible sexual predilections. He does it really, really frequently, and is particularly obsessed with pedophiles and their enablers and cover-uppers: Cernovich believes they are absolutely everywhere, that the world is awash in pedophile conspiracies. Once he’s identified someone he believes is a sex criminal (or, in rare cases, an actual sex criminal), he will demand that various people in their orbit then vocally denounce that person. If they don’t, then as far as Cernovich is concerned they are suspect, too. News outlets that run stories about the science of pedophilia, meanwhile — and this is an active, important area of study for sex researchers — are “pro-pedophile.”
Far from being an eccentricity on the part of a prominent commentator, the wild and far-flung accusations of pedophilia are a core component of Cernovich’s broader online strategy. In a New Yorker profile this year, he proudly touted his ability to make damaging rumors about people he doesn’t like go viral (he was one major source of the “sick Hillary” rumors that found their way into the mainstream media). On his blog, he wrote a post with a headline that stated that some of the leaked John Podesta emails “Reveal Clinton’s Inner Circle as Sex Cult with Connections to Human Trafficking.” In that post, he wrote that “we should focus less on Clinton Cash style corruption and more on the Clinton Foundation’s sale of children to Saudi pedophiles.” There and elsewhere in his online writings and Periscope videos, Cernovich helped push the idea of a massive conspiracy involving the Democrats and/or Clinton and child sex trafficking. That conspiracy, of course, helped fuel the more specific “Pizzagate” conspiracy theory that culminated in a gunman opening fire inside the restaurant earlier this month. (Cernovich quickly took to Twitter to dispute any connection between himself and Pizzagate, and there’s no evidence the gunman was inspired by Cernovich in particular as opposed to any of the many other online figures who helped spread conspiracy theories about Democrats and sex-trafficking and pedophilia.)
This gonzo conspiracy theorizing about Hillary Clinton, Podesta, and other big names in the Democratic Establishment (not to mention a number of other wild Cernovich beliefs, including attributing certain mystical properties to semen) was what first brought Cernovich to the attention of Berger, who last month made the Gorilla Mindset author the butt of a series of jokes and videos on Twitter. Cernovich, in turn, challenged Berger to a debate; Berger wasn’t interested, as he indicated cheekily in a response he posted on Twitter:
This exchange appears to have given Cernovich license to pursue his particular obsession; by Cernovich’s logic, the fact that Berger found it strange that Cernovich would call him a child molester out of nowhere could only be evidence that Berger was hiding something, so Cernovich passed this message on to his followers:
Full disclosure: Cernovich gave me the same treatment, though he accused me of different sorts of predation and made a Google-threat:
Berger was annoyed at the pedophilia tweets, but didn’t think much of them at the time – this was still firmly in the category of someone being a dick on Twitter during an ongoing squabble. Berger continued to taunt Cernovich; Cernovich blocked him; and then — in the manner of braggadocious Twitter insult wars of this kind — Berger encouraged his readers to contact Cernovich further.
That was it for a while. But “[o]ne month later,” wrote Berger in an email, “someone tells me I need to check Cernovich’s twitter because he was tweeting insane shit about me.” Insane shit, naturally, about Berger’s connection to a supposed online network of pedophiles:
(I should note that, over the weekend, before I had any plans of writing about this, Cernovich emailed me out of the blue three times in a little over two hours to ask me, as a “friend” of Berger’s, to “comment” for a story he was working on about all this. As I pointed out to Cernovich, I didn’t know Berger at all — I had never even tweeted at him, and he had never tweeted at me. Cernovich initially accepted this, but it wasn’t the last I would hear from him.)
This was an escalation far beyond vague “child-molester vibe” jokes: This was Cernovich, weeks after a man had opened fire in a pizza restaurant based on online conspiracy theorizing, openly drawing a connection between Berger and an “active pedophile ring.”
Now, by any standard of normal behavior, none of this is defensible — it’s counterproductive, gross, and over the line. But those DMs aren’t from Berger, and as an experienced commentator on Gamergate like Cernovich no doubt knows, it’s common for trolls seeking to stoke drama to affect affiliation with groups or people currently engaged in online conflict, and say or do provocative things.
Nevertheless, on Periscope, where he unspooled his theories, Cernovich insisted on connecting what he says is a wave of pedophilic harassment to Berger. Over and over and over. The first video that follows is a highlight reel — for severe lack of a better term — put together by Berger, while the next three offer fuller clips of Cernovich’s rants about Berger.
“They’re connected to this guy,” Cernovich says in the second video, before spelling out Berger’s handle twice. “Stuff like this won’t intimidate me,” he insists, “but they might be harming children, right? They might be going after vulnerable people. They’re not going to get to me, get to me, bother me, I’m very conscientious about that. But who knows what the hell they’re doing? Do they live in a school zone? Are they around children ever?” At one point, he points the camera at Berger’s profile and says “So this is the guy, you know, thinks it’s funny — hahaha, cum, baby — you know.” The video is something of a call to arms: “We need to monitor these people, go through all of their notifications, find out what’s going on, who these people are, what their connections are.” Cernovich even suggests that Berger himself could be operating the accounts that are tormenting him. “We’re definitely going to bring the full resources that I have available to me — private investigator and everything — and investigate these people,” he assures his viewers. “Find out their backgrounds. There’s something going on.”
Cernovich is no dummy. He’s been a social-media personality and men’s rights commentator for long enough to know that a call to “investigate” a group of people has a completely different valence than Berger’s more tongue-in-cheek exhortation for his followers to ask Cernovich to unblock him. But in the videos, Cernovich repeatedly insists this is more than just standard troll wars: “This isn’t, Oh, I got trolled, I got trolled, they got me. This isn’t about me — this is about, are these people ever around children? Are they ever around children and those are the types of questions that we need to ask. Who are his friends? Who are Vic’s friends? Do they all know that he is surrounding himself with pedophiles? That’s what we gotta know, that’s definitely what we gotta know.” There is, of course, no evidence Berger is “surrounding himself with pedophiles,” and even this is a serious accusation, but Cernovich doesn’t let that stop him.
All the videos and tweets had their inevitable effect: A wave of people attacked Berger as a pedophile. “I’d say at least 200 - 300 tweets,” he said in an email. “It was a lot. These tweets were people calling me a pedo, threatening me, asking me to ‘prove I’m not a pedo,’ death threats and people saying they hoped I was killed, people mocking me and laughing at me for being upset that Cernovich was calling me a pedo, people saying they have my home address, people telling me they’d be hacking my website and so on. I got messages on Facebook, Instagram, my email, YouTube comments on my channel, some guy made a Craigslist ad in my name as if I were looking for sex.”
Berger wrote that as for “actual death threats, I’d say 4 or 5 that legitimately worried me. I count the one where he said he’s going to stab me in the eyes so I should watch my back as a death threat. I got a few ‘watch your back, pedo’ messages. Some guy told me he can’t wait until I end up dead under a bridge.”
Cernovich, meanwhile, maintains that Berger is the aggressor. In one of his emails to me, he said that Berger had @-mentioned Cernovich after Cernovich had blocked him, “in violation of Twitter’s TOS.” But in actuality there’s no mention of the word block or any of its variants in the Twitter terms of service. In emails to Berger, Cernovich also pointed out that someone had doxxed him, albeit at an old address, and has demanded Berger no longer @-mention him and only contact him via his lawyer. “I currently view you as a threat to myself and my family,” one email concludes, “as your followers have sent me pedophile messages and attempted to ‘dox’ me.” Cernovich also sent me another email on Sunday in which he complained about my “dishonest” tweeting. “Do forward our email to NY Mag’s legal department,” he wrote. “It’s time for adults to talk about this, as you clearly are not one.” I genuinely didn’t understand why he was asking me to forward our correspondence to lawyers, so I didn’t do it — but in light of his mention of lawyers, I sent a request for comment not to Cernovich, but to his attorney. Neither Cernovich nor his attorney responded. Earlier this week, Cernovich posted a Periscope video with the title “When is someone responsible for what his or her fans do?”
In one sense, this exchange highlights the total-war ethos of the alt-right. Think of how this all went down: Berger said Mike Cernovich is an idiot — go tweet annoying things at him. Oh, and here’s a video of him cut with fart noises. LOL. Cernovich, in response, launched an “investigation” into whether Berger is maybe part of a sprawling online pedophilia network. The two sides were not operating on the same level, and that’s a microcosm for how these fights have gone down in general. Cernovich and Berger were both, to be fair, hit with online abuse as a result of the spat, but only one side was hit with the sort of abuse that can do real damage to one’s career and reputation.
Perhaps more important, this incident demonstrates, in a rather disturbing manner, just how easy it is these days for anyone with a big audience to, well, Pizzagate someone they don’t like. Pizzagate’s disseminators conjured, out of thin air, an insane conspiracy theory from fragmentary “clues” that only extremely conspiracy-addled people could construe as evidence of a giant pedophilia ring run by some of the most powerful people in the country.
Berger, meanwhile, now has to deal with the reality that a corner of the internet — a corner whose members tend not to score strongly in the critical-thinking department — thinks he may be involved in a pedophile ring. He said his employer, the online video network Super Deluxe, recognized that the hit to his image may reflect back on the company and has taken his concerns seriously. Berger also said he had his lawyer send a letter to Cernovich asking him to stop implying he is a pedophile.
On the internet, there’s never a shortage of conspiracy-addled people. So Cernovich did the same thing to Berger — he Pizzagated him. He just repeated outrageous half-truths and innuendo over and over and over and over, likely knowing that eventually, his viewers and readers would start to believe them. We seem to have reached a point where anyone with a big enough microphone can make up anything about anyone, and some people will believe it. Some of those people, terrifyingly, will have guns.
Cernovich, for his part, just can’t seem to shake his fixation on the pedophile ring that his fertile imagination had birthed:
So you can bet there are more tweets and videos and blog posts to come. Given that we’ve already seen one instance of gunfire discharged inside a pizzeria as a result of the conspiracy theories Cernovich has helped to spread, it feels safe to say that, eventually, someone is going to get hurt.
What was this “ring”? Well, it was a series of people who, after Berger tweeted encouragement for his followers to get in touch with Cernovich, DMed him crude, sometimes sexual insults involving a photo of his newborn child. @PedosforTrump, for example, sent Cernovich that photo and asked “did you rape this baby? asking for vic.” Then, two messages later: “oh and also much love from the Berger Bois.” @PedosforTrump also tweeted “cum” at Cernovich with a photo of his kid and some vaguely semen-looking streaks painted on digitally. Another user, @gurdubu, DMed Cernovich only the word “cum,” and more than a half hour later sent a photo of his kid — but one that had no sexual connotations whatsoever. (Cernovich would later claim, incorrectly, that @gurdubu had “captioned a baby pic” with the word “cum.”) In a DM, @gurdubu said — I’m clearing up the formatting a bit — “Oh, I just sent it to bug him and afterward I saw he tweeted that picture with his kid saying ‘mfw when people think I get mad online’ or something so I drew on that and sent it too almost an hour later then he acted like cum was a caption for that and had people threaten to doxx me.” This timeline is backed up by the screenshot Cernovich sent me (I’m blacking out the photo of his child):
Here’s a partial sampling of Cernovich’s pedophilia-related tweets just since April:
At this point, early in their technological life cycles, it’s not surprising that voice-activated assistants like Amazon’s Alexa speaker and the Google Home need some work. So what if they can’t always quite understand what you’re saying? These devices are powered by complex algorithms that process natural language in audio form; they’ll get better as they crunch more numbers and utilize their “neural networks” and “deep machine learning” to figure out precisely what users are requesting. That makes sense to me. I can understand a bit of jankiness for this technology in its early stages. But the Google Home has an Achilles’ heel, an unforced error in design that sets it behind Amazon’s Alexa in terms of user experience: It has a terrible activation phrase.
Why exactly is “Okay, Google” a hassle? Brendan Houdek, a speech-language pathologist and a speech coach at New York Speech Coaching, explained that it has to do with the schwa — the unstressed syllable created by the second half of the name. If you were to separate the word into its phonetic components, you would get “goog” and “le.” He suggested that “because there’s not a true vowel separating the first and second syllables, that might make it feel like you’re tripping over it, might make it feel like you’re mumbling it.”
That Google would rely on its company name as an activation phrase is understandable (and unlike Amazon, it’s avoided a stereotypically female name), but Google was also founded as a web company whose name you had to type into a text field, not one to be repeated out loud, repeatedly. Google was not a name chosen for the way it sounded out loud.
You need to say these phrases every time you want to talk to your digital buddy. When you have to repeat them over and over again articulately, it becomes clear that “Okay, Google” and “Hey, Google” are cumbersome phrases — a mishmash of vowels and consonants that is tough to say without mumbling. I opt for “Hey, Google” (it has one less syllable), but even that phrase can’t escape the fact that “Google” is an annoying word to say. When yelling at the speaker to shut off an alarm in the morning, it often comes out as a mumbly “‘ey goo-uh” on first attempt. Have you ever really focused on saying “Google” clearly? It’s an unwieldy lexical concoction.
Alexa and Google Home use always-on microphones to monitor what you have to say. When the user says a specific phrase, that’s when the device perks up and starts processing what it hears in order to generate a response, sending the audio to a remote server. On Amazon’s device, the activation phrase is just “Alexa” by default, and it can be customized. On Google Home, it’s “Okay, Google,” (or alternatively, “Hey, Google”).
Yet the required use of the word “Google” continues to be a stumbling block. Every time I activate my Google Home, I now feel like I’m consciously getting my mouth ready to make an unnatural maneuver.
It’s not like we don’t say the word “Google” all the time, but when trying to get the word recognized by a burgeoning type of speech-recognition technology, it feels important to articulate it well. “Specifically, with the phrase ‘okay, Google,’ you’re having essentially the same consonant sounds being repeated. So you obviously have the two ‘guh’ sounds in ‘Google’ but also with ‘k-’ in ‘okay,’” Houdek says, “‘k-’ and ‘guh’ are essentially the same sounds. The tongue and everything inside the mouth is doing all the same work.”
Google is starting to open up its Home platform to developers, and, with any luck, we might soon be able to trigger the device with a different word. But for now, we’re stuck with “Google,” a funny name that’s a pain in the butt to actually say. A Google spokesperson said that the company had strived for an activation phrase that was universal and worked across languages and accents, and that they were taking feedback. For now, “Hey, Google” is better than its “Okay” counterpart, but the company’s name itself is proving to be an issue, one that lies at the heart of the technology, a local problem that can’t be fixed by the cloud.
“The difference,” he said, “is that in the ‘k’ sounds we don’t use our vocal cords, whereas in the ‘g’ we do. But essentially you have three of the same sounds in a row.” In other words, whenever you say, “Okay, Google,” the mouth has to perform the same movement three times in rapid succession.
Over the weekend, numerous consumer-technology companies, many of which were represented during last week’s meeting with President-elect Trump, issued statements against the so-called “Muslim database” that Trump and members of his circle have advocated for.
Oracle, which owns large data companies such as BlueKai and DataLogix, declined to comment to CNN. Unsurprising, considering Oracle CEO Safra Catz attended last week’s summit and is on the Trump transition team. Likewise, according to documents obtained by the Electronic Privacy Information Center and the Verge, the Thiel-backed Palantir is already linked to a complex monitoring system used by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency which collates data from national, state, and local law-enforcement sources.
Is there a way, then, for the government to compel these companies to offer assistance or to seize the data on their servers? According to Nate Cardozo, senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the answer is not really. “They don’t even need to go to companies like Google or Facebook or Apple,” he said, “and frankly that’s pretty unlikely. They’re gonna go to a company like Palantir.”
Statements like these are clearly worth having on the record, because tech companies often have a habit of saying one thing and doing another, particularly in the face of government regulation. Yet the debate around the hypothetical registry still can’t avoid the fact that Silicon Valley companies already have the capability of constructing such a database if they wished. These companies sit on vast stores of data from which alarmingly complete pictures can be constructed.
The famous Supreme Court case NAACP vs. Alabama is the precedent here; in this case, the court found in favor of the NAACP after the state subpoenaed the group’s membership lists. (A fun nightmare scenario to imagine: Many of the aging Supreme Court justices die or retire and Trump stacks the deck with cronies with little regard for the Constitution.) Even compelling these tech companies to just construct the technical back-end of such a database would be against the law, because writing code is, legally speaking, an act of speech, and thus protected by the First Amendment.
Still, could a government attempting to siphon Facebook’s data succeed? The answer again is a strong “no.” According to Cardozo, “that would be blatantly unconstitutional if the government were to demand Facebook give a list of all American Muslims.” Specifically, it would violate the First and Fourth Amendments.
Still, the downside of Big Data is more apparent than it has ever been. If consumer-tech companies really want to demonstrate that they are putting their users ahead of their bottom line, the EFF says that they should put their money where their mouths are and start deleting unnecessary user data.
The companies, in statements to BuzzFeed, said “no” in clear terms. Apple said, “We haven’t been asked and we would oppose such an effort.” Microsoft asserted, “We wouldn’t do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans.” Facebook, Google, Uber, and IBM offered similar sentiments.
Government work like this is done by enterprise companies that keep a relatively low profile. Likewise, if government-surveillance programs don’t already have much of this data, advertisers do, and they’ll often sell to whomever is willing to pay. CNN reports that while some of the largest data brokers, including Acxiom and Salesforce, have sworn off involvement, many did not comment at all.
Palantir is the big-data analysis company that relies heavily on government-contract work. It is also back by Trump transition team member Peter Thiel, who stands to profit from Palantir’s success. Cardozo also cited companies like Dell, Oracle, and Booz Allen Hamilton (which employed Edward Snowden) as companies that likely possess such data or could build the technical back-end for the government. They’re less trendy but still behemoths when it comes to information technology.
The government can’t force anything, but as Cardozo said, “they can certainly pay for it.” At some point, refusing on moral grounds might contradict the fiduciary duties of these publicly traded companies. Whether or not they stick to their word remains to be seen.
After their psychology teacher, Taylor Kerby, mentioned liking one of his pupil’s red Vans sneakers on the first day of school, his class chipped in this week, bought Kerby his own pair, and presented them to him in class. A touching gift, which, of course, because it’s 2016, one of the students, Dyani Heredia, filmed and shared on Twitter where it has been retweeted over 48,000 times and counting.
“It’s just some nerdy, weird dude opening shoes, and for some reason, 40,000 people are liking this,” Kerby — who teaches at a high school in West Covina, California — told BuzzFeed about his adorable reaction. “But if it inspires teachers to be better teachers, and people to be better people, then I’m excited that it’s happening.” Heredia also said each of the 25 students in Kerby’s class contributed $2 to fund the gift. Though at this point, I feel like I should probably Venmo those kids $2 for the number of times I have now watched and enjoyed this very good video.
Each year, strangers across the internet unite for a giant, Reddit-sponsored Secret Santa exchange. Since users on the platform use anonymizing handles, participants never really know who they are going to get. That is, unless you open your present to discover a card signed by Bill Gates or Snoop Dogg … a holiday surprise two Reddit users experienced this December.
Redditor /u/Aerrix (her real name is Alicia) received a box from Gates this year, while a Redditor /u/queenoftitsandwine (her real name is Erin) got one from Snoop Dogg. Erin told WHNT-TV she had an inkling her Santa might be a celeb after she was sent a message from a Reddit administrator letting her know the package was in the mail. “That’s not normally what happens,” Erin, who has participated in Reddit’s Secret Santa for the past three years, said. “Normally you get an automated message to just alert you your Secret Santa shipped your gift. So that was a little odd.”
After getting their gifts, redditors are asked to post about their hauls on Reddit. Alicia’s post included a lengthy summary of the package Gates sent her, sharing a picture of the giant box with her cat and dog sitting atop it “for scale.” Inside, Gates included a dozen wrapped presents he’d selected based on interests gleaned from her Reddit profile. (She’s a big fan of The Legend of Zelda.) The gifts included custom Zelda mittens for Alicia and her dog, a Zelda blanket, a paper replica of a sword from Skyward Sword, three DVDs, (The End of the Tour, Believe, and The Martian), and a cookbook. Also included: an Xbox One Minecraft Edition with three controllers and several games and an NES Classic. Because sending just one gaming console would be lame. Gates also made a donation to Code.org in Alicia’s name and included a Photoshopped version of her profile picture with him in it, in a Zelda frame of course. Oh, and he also got her a pair of Ravenclaw slippers, “I won’t be able to consult with the Sorting Hat but I can tell that you are quite clever — so I got a pair of Ravenclaw slippers from Hot Topic.” Pause here for a moment and savor the mental picture of Bill Gates moseying into the Hot Topic at your local mall.
Meanwhile, Snoop Dogg’s gift to Erin was slightly smaller, but still excellent. He sent a note wishing her a “MERRY XMIZZLE” and included a drone, tea, a candle, socks, an “I Became a Snoop Dogg Millionaire” shirt, and pair of Snoop Dogg–branded slippers. Which we will assume he did not buy at a Hot Topic.
Imagine being rid of the internet. Doesn’t some part of you knot up with rash, intimate desire? Some of us have begun to voice the fantasy, muttering in low whispers: I need to get off, like it’s a ride that’s stopped being fun. Wouldn’t it be amazing if Twitter just fell into the sea? In these times, more and more people dare to wish for conscientious boundaries about social media, Wikipedia black holes, and the endless cycle of refreshing and clearing notifications. We want it to stop, because we can’t seem to stop it ourselves.
For the past several months, regardless of your political leaning, you would probably admit that every device you’ve touched has been a direct window to heaps of very bad news. There’ll be an argument in the comments. Or someone will post a misinformed or insulting assertion, backed by some disreputable link. And then you get the exciting chance to make whatever case you desire in reply, blessed as you are these days with a veritable orchard of search results, memes, Storifys, and whatever else to pick from and assemble the version of the world you most deeply believe in.
It wasn’t always like this. Remember when Twitter was a place to make new, real-world friends? That feels like a lifetime ago. And long before that, when I was a kid, the internet was a place you could go for the truth. It was a window to reality, or at least to a slice of it, that felt realer than your hometown or your school “computer lab.” At 13, I was just as likely to stumble across pictures of real dead bodies or illicit acts as I was to unearth beloved 20-second Sailor Moon transformation clips straight from Japan. I felt like I was peeking through the keyhole of humanity, at a world whose scope I would never truly know. Back then, there was no other way to watch Sailor Moon.
In the Madeleine L’Engle book Many Waters, the protagonists carelessly mash a mysterious computer keyboard, and end up transported back into Biblical times, right before Noah’s flood. There they faced all the hardships of a primitive desert society, but to me it was a dream: I wished every day for the computer to beam me away from pep rallies, the mall, suburban life. Everything strange I found online, I clicked. Anyone mysterious, I messaged. I was gratified by the opportunity to be scandalized by things the other kids, the normal ones, did not yet know how to find. Television in the late ‘90s was crazy-paved with “reality” TV McMansion serials, but I knew where the real world was.
My memories of that time, camped out in front of the earnest molasses crawl of a black-on-white progress bar as my email slowly downloaded, are precious. There would always be one or two — three if I was really lucky — mysterious missives from strangers I met on message boards about books and music and anarchy. I never knew much about the people I was talking to, but I didn’t need to. That wasn’t the point. Back then, I lived in a small town where I couldn’t be myself, and the internet was, above all things, a place you could go and be yourself. Or anyone but yourself.
Since then, “going online” has been imbued with a fresh anxiety, like an unboiled pot: all the arguments we might never win, all the truths we fear we can never prove, all the enemies we fear we may never win over. The strident and placating calls for ‘unity’; the well-intentioned cat videos shoved in at every juncture to quell sedition, to act as an antacid. Even the bizarre agita of the right — the Nazi frog cartoons, the unending march of plaintive Japanese anime teen memes — is sentimental noise of the same kind, a truth that’s pure to the poster and ridiculous outside of their own vocabulary.
The internet before the election was already intrusive, overstimulating. The hand-wringing about our “filter bubbles” had already begun, as had the earnest warnings against assuming tech environments were neutral, when they are not. But few really expected the American presidential election to go the way it did, and the actual result launched an upheaval of all trust in our information sources of choice, and in the culture around those sources. In a recent New Yorker piece, Jia Tolentino describes the distinct ésprit du temps of having “played ourselves” — the new and virulent shock of being forced to reevaluate the value, intent, and result of everything we can remember typing into blank fields on internet-connected computers for years.
Today, almost everyone I know has seen these political assassination photos, whether they had sought them or not. Can you imagine, today, being excited about checking your email? Try to envision opening your email client and feeling nothing but pure excitement at the potential of human connection. Remember that alien ululation: a modem howling down a phone line, once you’d unplugged the household landline and redirected it? Back when talking to strangers online was breathless and new and full of possibility, wide-eyed TV anchors would fumble dryly over buzzwords like “emoticon” and “netiquette” as if skeptical it all would last. The “@” symbol suddenly marched across glossy magazine covers like a newly minted coin, and it might as well have been a jet pack. In that brave new world I forged a private life, years on years of private lives, and I guarded them zealously.
A few years ago I had to erase all of those digital ghosts. I had to destroy the vestiges of ancient America Online accounts, “Deadjournals,” the flaky grottos of a youth in madness. I had to delete third-party email accounts held by obsolete service providers, and with them all the letters to my very first internet boyfriend, who lived in a different state. All my aliases, all my child-times, all the hoary moods that I had howled into the black ether, had to be silently jettisoned into an oubliette. It made me sad, but I had to do it: I was being intensively targeted online by an internet mob to do with my feminist writing on video games, and one thing these guys like to do is dig into your digital footprint, excavate your private life, and march conveniently pruned excerpts into the service of whatever narrative they want to create about you. They want to humiliate or silence you, or to get you fired, or to isolate you from people who would otherwise support you — by making you appear to deserve it.
You will now need to think about what you’ve digitized or shared — your nudes, a kinky email to an ex you now hate, your medical correspondence — that they could dig up and rub in your face if the spotlight should ever, for some reason, fall on you. Somehow things have reversed, and now the internet is a place for your buttoned-up self, with the untidy entrails of your real life shoved under the bed, lurking outside the edges of your normal-looking Instagrams.
The internet has transformed from a place you could safely hide certain feelings and appetites into a place where you can get in trouble for them. This feels like a loss to me. Like the death of my country, twice. And maybe I’ve just got Stockholm syndrome now, but I think this is a large part of what the so-called “alt-right” on Reddit and on image boards and places like that has also so deeply feared: the very idea that they might have to be judged by the darker threads of their online lives, the things they should not have clicked on and the things they should not have typed.
While some of these people are definitely neo-Nazis desperate for a world that lets them shout it proud, I think many more of them are just alienated and lonesome, stashing it all in fears about social justice, “censorship,” and political correctness. These ones, I can’t shake the feeling they would disavow racism and sexism if they could be assured somehow that they could keep their space, that they could be assured of certain permissions, however daunting it would be to offer them. What if it’s not actually people of color, or immigration, or more women in video games that is really triggering them? What if it’s the transformative remapping of the internet into a uniquely public space for all of us, one that now has rules? It would be awfully ironic if the group that howls loudest about the idea of “safe space” is the most terrified about the loss of its own.
That’s the playbook now. The guys we used to call “Gamergate” now seem to call themselves something else, and they won the election. Anything that is on the internet can be distorted into the service of someone else’s new reality. They can make a news story from anything, just to get under your skin. Anything you say can be used against you by conservative agitators — or surveilled by the state. Even people you think are on your side will occasionally be complicit: Just look how the media gleefully mined Ken Bone’s Reddit accounts and similar, cobbling together a public-property story based in his digital life, just because he dared to step forward and take part in the political process on television. Nor was it only “the media” —Twitter users, Redditors, Facebookers, all were right along for the ride. Those who would have condemned that kind of exposure and memefication from “the other side” reveled in the chance to caricaturize this non-consenting outlier in the nubby red sweater, and to evaluate whether they thought he deserved it. “Sharing,” once purportedly the ultimate thing to do online, has become unwise now that we have the whole internet to wield against one another. The safest tack is to serve as little personal information, or as few identifying details to public platforms as possible. To be silent.
Lots of us thought we were building a new world, an “information superhighway,” a virtual destination that would improve all things — remember the promise of those early web icons, all of which looked like compasses and maps? We were going to be navigators. Yet somewhere along the way, we just ended up enriching Silicon Valley companies with all of our personal content and our shares and our likes, and now have nothing to show for it but a gaping hole in our privacy big enough for petty bullies and political enemies alike to drive a truck through. We still say “IRL” to distinguish between talking to people digitally and talking in person, but the fact is the internet became the primary site of real life, sometime when we weren’t looking.
Yes, you can do all the free speech you like, but no company is required to host it. Yes, you can address whomever you like on social media, directly, in an unprecedentedly democratic frontier, but if 500 other users are addressing that same person and telling her she looks like Harambe, you are a harasser and you might get your account suspended. Or people who don’t like harassment might look you up, and find out where you work, and call and tell your boss you’re being racist on Reddit. Countless stories abound of otherwise reputable teachers and child-care providers ruined by racy photos dug up by students or employees (or in this case, by the principal). You’re supposed to express yourself, but that self-expression is subject to the court of public opinion’s wildly capricious legislation.
There’s no better example of this than the way Donald Trump’s Twitter account has juddered suddenly into the dialogue like a piece fallen off some patriotic airplane show. Should propagating untruths from a position of leadership be legal? What if his followers are willing to turn into a harassment mob aimed at any name Donald declares undesirable? Does Twitter act? In any event, a barely tech-literate reality TV star has become social media’s top troll and the president in one swoop. Now the internet-as-optimistic-space feels suddenly over, exhausted, cratered with problems too great and strange to pave.
I’ve heard the hypothesis from the “let’s just try to understand” camp that Trump followers are reacting to the sense they have lost some aspect of their home. In the age of Facebook, SafeSearch, and webinars, maybe long-lived internet citizens are also reacting to this loss. Maybe it’s why the favored tools of self-defense are privacy violations and fictional stories — if they can’t have the digital underground, then no one can.
As I write this, a new meme is trending on various social-media platforms: 2006 versus 2016, where users compare a picture of themselves from one time period to one ten years later. Of course, this is a fun way of leveraging image software to pretend we haven’t aged. But viewed differently, it feels like a means of attempting to enforce a chronology, a meaningful, positive, and orderly progression, at a time when we seem to have abruptly lost our collective plot, an ice-fishing line slipping into cold, black water all of a sudden.
Missing the Old Internet does no good, of course. We’ll march on to more privacy solutions and more means of guarding ourselves from abuse of our digital lives, hopefully. Maybe we’ll even see more new online countercultures, and more thriving underground spaces that don’t get completely overtaken by white-power “jokes.” Teens are consistently, astonishingly funny and creative online, so it may all shake out.
For now, though, we have no choice but to adapt to the world of big data, metadata, and algorithms that build one profile of you to be used by car insurers, another by potential employers, another by the police. We cannot exit the world of constant news and noise, feedback loops and takes. Now, anything you have ever interacted with or explored is assumed, by people and algorithms alike, to be what you truly believe or desire. This infrastructure long ago became a site of battle for individual self-ownership. And in a final indignity, you can’t even silently scream into it anymore.
It’s as if the wardrobe from Narnia has been slowly swelling and looming, opening its doors dark and wide, taking up the room, becoming the room, becoming the whole house.
*A version of this article appears in the December 26, 2016, issue of New York Magazine.
Critics would have you believe that DC’s bombastic superhero movie Suicide Squad had no cultural value at all, and could leave no legacy. Au contraire: Over the past few weeks, a wonderful new meme has been bubbling under the surface on Tumblr and Twitter — a wonderfully stupid and beautifully bad new meme. And its source is none other than 2016’s most reviled blockbuster: Suicide Squad.
Now, if you saw these tweets, and if you — like certain tech and meme bloggers — had never seen Suicide Squad, you might believe that the problematic caption about a crazy woman and protecting the queen at all costs came from a chapter of some terrible fanfiction deep in the recesses of LiveJournal. But if you saw Suicide Squad, the line might sound familiar, especially if you read them in your head with Viola Davis narrating, something I highly recommend no matter what you’re reading. The lines — in the movie, “They became the King and Queen of Gotham City, and God help anyone who disrespected the Queen. She was crazier than him, and more fearless” — come from Davis, as government agent Amanda Waller, introducing the entirely screwy and Stockholm syndrome–afflicted relationship between Harley Quinn and the Joker in the film. Yes: That is a real line in the movie.
The meme is simple. Pair an image of a couple (or dual images of people or things you’d like to be a couple) with (a version of) this dramatic caption: “She was crazier than him, and more fearless. She was his queen, and God help anyone who disrespected the queen.”
On Tuesday, Blizzard, the developers of the mega-popular online shooter Overwatch, revealed in a supplemental comic that Tracer, one of the characters in the game, is a lesbian. This is a big deal, because Tracer is the closest thing Overwatch has to a mascot — she’s the character featured on the game’s box art. It’s also a big deal because the online gaming community is a roiling mess, and nothing can ever happen without people freaking out. And, boy, did some people freak out!
Almost immediately after the reveal, two very divided camps emerged online: those who applauded the inclusion of a prominent gay character, and those who are mad about “diversity” and “political correctness” being shoved down their throats. Some portion of the latter group seems to be mad because they can no longer be horny about the unrealistically attractive fictional character now that she has been gay in a comic book.
(The payload is a vehicle that teams have to move from one end of the map to the other during a match.)
Of course, it’s not just the sad horny crew that’s upset about Tracer’s sexuality. Blizzard was nervous enough about how the comic would be received by fiercely anti-gay legislators in Russia that it declined to release the comic there. And, believe it or not, this is not the first (extremely stupid) Tracer controversy: Blizzard changed a standard victory pose to show less of her butt, and gamers got mad. Gamers will never not need something to be mad about! But sharing cyberspace with a fictional lesbian British woman with the power to manipulate time seems particularly small stakes.
(“Waifu” is fandom-speak for “the fictional character I am in love with.”)
Needless to say, the outcry is, for lack of a better phrase, extremely stupid. Overwatch is a multiplayer-only arena shooter with no conventional narrative. It’s not just that Tracer is a fictional character; it’s that she’s barely a character at all — she’s a drawing whose vague backstory is established through short bits of dialogue, and external, non-game media. Nobody could definitively state Tracer’s sexual orientation before Blizzard did this week, months after the game’s launch. Nobody knew that Tracer is a lesbian before this week and it has no bearing on how the game is played or how the characters in it act.
And furthermore, they had asked for their child to be removed from the play because of the aforementioned commitment. In a blog post from December 15, school principal Tom Kramer wrote:
This year’s annual performance of A Christmas Carol at the Centerville Elementary School in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, was canceled for vastly different reasons depending on whom you ask.
According to the Anti-Defamation League, however, the family had asked that their child be removed from the production, and not asked that it be canceled. Also, the family was gone because they were going on an already-planned vacation.
Breitbart and Fox News both reported last week that the production was canceled over concerns regarding Tiny Tim’s famous line “God bless us, everyone” — another salvo in the war on Christmas that Obummer and the Dumbocrats have supposedly been fighting for years. A local news report stated that complaints about the line (from sources unknown) are what led to reexamining how the play is done, but that they were not the reason for the cancellation. Ultimately, the school cited the hefty in-school time commitment.
Following those reports, Lancaster Online wrote that a Jewish family had “fled” their home after receiving threats and fearing retaliation for the play’s cancellation. Other left-leaning sites also picked up the story of a Jewish family forced to flee the right-wing commentariat.
Furthermore, the school district posted a lengthy FAQ this past Wednesday clarifying their position: “As Mr. Kramer worked with the 5th grade teaching team to understand what putting on the play entailed, it became clear that the teachers had concerns about committing roughly 20 hours of instructional time to something that is not part of the fifth grade curriculum.”
This whole thing is clearly a clusterfuck — an example of partisan news organizations, on both sides, attempting to wish a particular narrative into existence — but one thing it’s not is “fake news.” All of the initial reporting on this story came from established news organizations quoting people involved in the fracas. Certain parts were distorted, or misunderstood, and later corrected. But unlike the Moldovan teens pumping out Trump-themed fakery, they were not knowingly publishing wrong information. Next time we exhort Facebook to do more about fake news, remember that the only real answer to misleading, badly reported stories is more reporting.
Breitbart’s report briefly mentions Kramer’s concerns about instructional time at the end of the article. Fox News’ does not as of now.
If you know anyone who works below 59th Street in Manhattan and is under the age of 40, the odds are pretty high that you know someone who has used Maple, a popular delivery start-up that’s kinda similar to Seamless or Uber Eats. The main differentiator is that Maple has its own in-house menu of a handful of items each day, rather than serving as a middleman for other restaurants. It makes them in assembly-line facilities throughout the city.
Still, Maple right now is not profitable, and nine months ago, it was projecting an operating loss of $16 million on $40 million in revenue. Unprofitability is typical of early start-ups hoping to rope in users and then monetize (see also: Uber), but it does demonstrate how even the most popular apps in any sector can back themselves into a financial corner. Part of Maple’s tough margins have to do with its laudable company policy of designating delivery people as employees, not contractors, and providing the requisite benefits, such as health insurance.
Maple recently added a $1.95 delivery fee to its meals, and throughout the year has introduced menu items that it does not produce itself — ice cream, beer, and wine. It also raised another round of funding at a lower valuation than the previous round. Given that these internal projections were made back in March, it’s unclear how much things have changed in the meantime.
Part of the appeal of Maple is that its meal prices, even with delivery, are competitive with most of the lunch options in Manhattan that aren’t fast food or a bodega sandwich. Yet, as documents obtained by Recode show, those low prices were hurting their bottom line. In 2015, Maple lost money on each meal it delivered. But by March of this year, when the documents Recode obtained were created, Maple was making about 30 cents in profit on each meal.
Katz, an Israeli citizen living in California, has been described as “integral” to the creation of the Oculus headset, which Facebook acquired two years ago for more than $2 billion. The company has so far not issued statements to any reporters regarding the arrest.
A high-ranking employee of Oculus VR was arrested last week, caught in a sting operation after allegedly attempting to pay a minor for sex. Dov Katz, the head of computer vision and machine learning, has been charged with attempted commercial sexual abuse after the 38-year-old made contact with undercover police acting as a 15-year-old girl.
According to charging documents reviewed by KING 5, Katz responded to an ad suggesting the two have sex without a condom for $360. Charging documents posted by GeekWire state that, upon being told he was under arrest, “Katz stated that he was there to rescue her and call the police.” He had $600 on him when he showed up at the hotel where they had arranged to meet.
Could what you ask your Amazon Echo be used against you in a court of law? A murder case in Bentonville, Arkansas, is putting that question to the test. As detailed in the Information (subscription required), local police have issued Amazon a warrant for the voice recordings of Echo owner James Andrew Bates, who is accused of murdering Victor Collins in his hot tub after a night of drinking in November 2015.
Amazon’s Echo (and its main competitor, the Google Home) works by passively recording everything you say. None of this information is actually sent to Amazon. Think of it more like taking notes in class — as if you’re listening but not writing anything down until your professor actually says something important. But when the Echo hears “Alexa” (or whatever your activation phrase is), it begins to actively record. That snippet of speech is then sent to Amazon’s cloud servers, where your recorded message is run through a speech-recognition neural network and a response is sent back to you, whether that’s playing a song on Spotify or giving you the weather forecast.
Amazon keeps all of the recordings of you asking Alexa to play WNYC or of you setting a timer for 20 minutes. You can jump into the Alexa companion app and hear all of your requests again if you want to see just how bored you sound when talking to your home voice robot. Sure, it’s slightly creepy — but Amazon also tracks pretty much every move you make while you’re online shopping as well.
Court records show that Amazon twice declined to turn the actual voice-search queries over to the local police, though it also did not comment to the Information about the case in question. For what it’s worth, anecdotally, I’ve heard from a professor who works in voice research that Amazon deletes all voice data after six months — but Amazon has no stated policy about how long it holds onto that data. Still, if any of this has you feeling uneasy about your Amazon Echo, you can always head to amazon.com/myx, find your Echo, and delete out all of your old voice recordings.
In the above case, police confiscated the Echo itself and attempted to extract data from it, but it’s unclear how much they could get — the Echo itself doesn’t have much of a hard drive and almost no information is stored locally on it.
That may not necessarily be a problem, though. People have been convicted as a result of digital fingerprints left from cell phone use, search history, and even World of Warcraft. It would be very CSI: Cyber to imagine Amazon Echo being the proverbial smoking gun after someone asks, “Alexa, tell me how to murder someone?” but in the real world, many convictions rely on establishing where a suspect and their victim were on the day in question. And one of the key ways a smart home works is by keeping detailed logs of who is in your home and when they are in certain rooms. The major players in smart-home tech all take data security seriously, but it’s not outlandish to imagine a court compelling a company to turn over smart-home data that might be a key piece of evidence in a future trial.
In this specific case, it seems unlikely the Echo will prove useful for the investigation. Even if Amazon were to turn over the voice recordings, the Echo’s microphone, by design, is very good at filtering out background noise — it’s why an Echo can understand you even if you’re asking it something in a room with a lot of people talking. And, according to Bates’s defense attorney, police are actually focusing more on the data collected from his smart water meter than his Echo. Police say an abnormal amount of water was used when they believe Collins was killed, allegedly an indicator of Bates having washed away blood.
Want to start 2017 off better than 2016? Our humble suggestion: Delete everything! This week we’ll go through how to ditch almost every aspect of your online life, from Facebook to Instagram to Gmail. Today: how to flee the service most beloved by President-elect Trump.
The calming numbness of the ＣＯＮＴＥＮＴ ＳＴＲＥＡＭ. Some good jokes. Breaking news (though you can use a good Twitter list to keep up even without an account). The ability to avoid human contact. A place to performatively shame whatever brand or celebrity said something stupid.
Watching people performatively shame whatever brand or celebrity said something stupid.
If, for some reason, you decide that you want to keep a record of everything you’ve ever said on Twitter, you can download an archive of all your precious tweets. In Settings, request your archive and Twitter will email you a zip file.
While logged in on your desktop, go to https://twitter.com/settings/account (or click your profile picture in the right, and select “Settings.”
All the good and funny stuff that comes out of Twitter (e.g., Money the Deer or bottle-flipping) is allowed to exist for up to ten seconds before being digested by the Meme Industrial Complex. Twitter tacitly allows vicious harassment to occur on the site — including from sociopathic cretins who publicly dox citizens in Middle Eastern countries where crimes like sodomy or blasphemy are punishable by death — but is mainly focused on livestreaming NFL games to tiny audiences, destroying Vine, and continuing to insist “Moments” is something people want. Tweetstorms. “Actually” tweets. @realdonaldtrump.
After that, scroll to the bottom of your page and find “Deactivate my account.”
If you have a regular account, Twitter will hold onto your user data and all your tweets for 30 days, meaning you’ll have about a month to reverse your decision and get your account back. If you have a verified account, you’ll get an entire year. Also, some of your tweets will remain indexed by Google, though, eventually they’ll be removed, too.
Delete the Twitter app off your phone. Get rid of Tweetdeck. Accept that there will be some weird jokes that you will no longer get. That is okay. That is good.
Get ready for a much better 2017.
Who knows what shenanigans will happen when a can of spray paint gets obliterated by a guillotine — you know, the execution tool used by the French during that one time when there was no bread. Bet you won’t be able to guess what happens here, though! No spoilers!
According to the uploader, Destruction Channel, this video from August was “incredibly painful.” I bet! Whoooops!
For nearly as long as smart TVs have existed, the standard advice to people looking to stream video to their TV has been “Don’t pay more for a smart TV.” It was good advice: Many smart TVs that came on the market at the turn of the decade suffered from sluggish response time, poor Wi-Fi antennas, and a user experience that could be generously described as “trying,” and anything you wanted out of a smart TV — like streaming Netflix — could be done better by streaming set-top devices like Roku and Apple TV.
But TV manufacturers have continued to pour resources into improving smart TVs, partly out of consumer demand, and partly because it benefits manufacturers to keep you in their operating system. Because of that, I wanted to see how the newest smart TVs stacked up against the basic TV-plus-streaming-device setup I’ve been using in my home for years. The dream is simple: one remote, one TV, and one power plug to run everything.
I tried out four 4K TVs: the Sony XBR55X850D running Android TV ($998), the LG 55UH7700 running webOS 3.0 ($897), the Samsung UN55KU7000 running Samsung’s Tizen platform ($898), and the TCL 55UP130 Roku TV running, uh, Roku TV ($500). My hope was that among the four I could find a smart TV that could potentially allow me to ditch a streaming device altogether.
First off: If you haven’t messed around with a smart TV lately, you should know that they’ve gotten tremendously better. At home I have an LG TV from 2013 running LG’s now discontinued “Smart TV” platform (a very good and original name). It often feels like moving through molasses — press a button on the remote, wait a second for the TV to register what I want to do, and then press that button again. The low-res tiled-icon layout looks like an off-brand tablet from 2010. It’s limited in many respects, but offers other options that are frankly baffling, like the ability to read a newspaper clipping on my TV. And about every three days it’ll completely forget my Wi-FI network, so I’ll have to reenter my info. It’ll do in a pinch, but it’s far from ideal.
But LG TVs in 2016 now use webOS 3.0, the third version of their much-better bespoke smart-TV platform, which simplifies and spruces everything I disliked about my older LG set. Instead of tiled icons, everything is laid out at the bottom of the screen in diagonal ribbons, with the main streaming services easy to get to. The TV’s OS also can search across every streaming service for specific shows or movies. Perhaps best of all, if you hold the remote towards the screen, you can move around and select things just by pointing at them. It’s a small quality-of-life improvement that feels small at first — until you have to go back to using an up-down-left-right control scheme on another TV remote.
Samsung was the first manufacturer to bring out a smart TV, way back in 2008, so it shouldn’t be surprising that its Tizen smart-TV platform is also refreshingly pleasant to use. Using a beautifully pared-down remote (no number buttons!), you can quickly hop into a streaming service of your choice, and search across multiple services quickly. While the two services differed in look and some design choices, they were essentially the same in functionality; both were overall very, very solid.
But both of the above still had a major gap for me — a Sling TV app. In the past year, Sling TV, a service that allows you to stream live TV from cable news to televised sports, has quickly become the main way I watch football in the autumn and winter. Both of them also lacked support for the other real option for streaming live television, Sony’s PlayStation Vue (which, confusingly, you don’t need a PlayStation to use). As someone who hasn’t paid for cable in a decade, these types of services have been a godsend — no more hunting up live streams of games from sketchy Romanian sites or paying $400 for four months of NFL Redzone — so no matter how nice the OS is, I’d still end up buying a set-top box regardless.
The Android TV platform on Sony’s television, however, does support Sling TV and Playstation Vue. The Android TV platform in general is much more open than what LG or Samsung allow, offering many, many more apps. Plus, it offers the same ability to screencast from Chrome or an Android device as you’d find in a Chromecast streaming device. That said, the overall UI, compared to the sleek polish of Samsung and LG’s smart-TV platforms, comes across as a bit scattered — many things that you could do in one press on a Samsung or LG TV take several more on Android TV. And there was the annoying fact that Android TV felt like it was constantly putting Sony or Google Play options in front of me to buy, while obscuring free or lower-cost options from other sources.
Finally, there was the TCL Roku TV. It’s fair to say that I was really looking forward to trying out this TV. The Roku is the best streaming device out there, offering many more streaming options compared to Amazon’s Fire stick (which tries to funnel you into an Amazon purchase) or Google’s Chromecast (which lacks Amazon Prime’s Instant Video unless you’re willing to jump through some not-insignificant hoops) and costing markedly less than the Nvidia Shield. The idea that there could be a 4K TV that was built from the ground up on Roku’s platform was very, very appealing on paper.
But in the real world, the TCL was a disappointment. Not as a streaming device — it easily outclassed all of the options above for pure ease of use and getting you directly to what you want to watch as quickly as possible. Instead, where it fell down was as an actual television. It’s not a fair comparison, because the TCL is about $400 cheaper than any of the other TVs I was looking at, but the panel looked real, real bad. Its blacks were far too bright, even brighter than my much-older 1080p television, which meant that every dark scene I watched looked both too bright and too blurry, with a lack of contrast that made things hard to make out. Worse, there was no real way to try to fix this using the basic TV remote — all I could adjust was overall display brightness. In order to play with color balance, I had to download the Roku App, start a video stream, and then jump into Expert Picture settings. Once there, it allowed me to play around with color temperature but still lacked many of the options that have been standard in TVs for years. Getting a $180 32-inch 720p model for a spare room or as a secondary TV might make sense, but otherwise there are better TVs that cost less, even with the price of a new Roku thrown in.
Bottom line: If you only stream Netflix and Amazon Prime, the LG’s webOS 3.0 or Samsung’s Tizen platform will both serve you very well, with my personal favorite being the LG TV. If you want to stream live television, Sony’s Android TV is a good bet (but only Sony’s Android TV platform — other companies using Android TV, like Philips and Sharp, have been cut out from using Amazon Prime’s streaming services).
Sadly, I wouldn’t recommend getting the TCL Roku TV. Even a top-of-the-line Roku Ultra can be had for under $100, and if you’re already thinking of buying a new TV, you’re better off buying a TV with a great picture and buying a Roku separately. There are other Roku TV sets out there, but all seem to suffer from the same problem of having a great OS paired with a sub-standard screen for the price.
But while testing the rest of the smart TVs, there was still a nagging problem — each of these TV’s guts are built to handle a certain platform, and it’s unclear how much they’ll be able to keep pace as each manufacturer updates its OS even further. This isn’t just about an OS starting to feel slow or look a little dated — some smart TVs from the turn of the decade have lost the ability to stream Amazon Prime because Amazon didn’t want to deal with maintaining compatibility, and very few new TV apps are coming out for older smart-TV platforms. Even if you buy a TV now for its smart-TV capabilities, you still may end up purchasing a streaming device down the line.
I badly wanted to end this with a declaration that the era of the add-on streaming device was over, and you can simply buy a smart TV and be set for life. And for viewers who don’t stray beyond Netflix and Amazon Prime, that’s mostly true. But the one thing testing all these sets convinced me of was that I’m ready to upgrade my television — the picture quality on every set except the TCL was markedly better than what I have at home. When I go shopping for a new set — I’m leaning towards something in Samsung KS8000 series once the post-CES price drops hit, though if money were no object I’d grab a LG OLED screen in a heartbeat — there’ll be a Roku box back at home waiting for it.
Want to start 2017 off better than 2016? Our humble suggestion: Delete everything! This week we’ll go over how to ditch almost every aspect of your online life, from Twitter to Instagram to Gmail. Today: Burn down the house that Mark Zuckerberg built.
Weird Facebook is still very good. You’ll probably forget a ton of people’s birthdays.
Hoo, boy. It’s a world-eating tech company that arguably threatens a free press and a democratic society in the U.S. and wants to fly laser drones over developing countries. Run by a founder who is at turns both ruthless and clueless in a way that would be funny if it weren’t also terrifying. Gave shit-poster supporter Palmer Luckey $2 billion. Many, very bad media companies wouldn’t exist without it. Jokes about it being the place where all your racist classmates from high school hang out are well-trodden territory, but, you know, also true? Changing the color of your profile pic to support [FILL IN THE BLANK]. “Maybe” attending events. Trending topics. Untagging yourself.
“Normally I don’t talk about politics but … ”
First off, a word about quitting Facebook: It’ll make some parts of your life more difficult. Dating apps like Tinder require you to have a Facebook account, and because Facebook ostensibly requires you to use your real name, it’s become the de-facto universal login across a lot of different sites. You’ll also lose the ability to use Facebook apps like Facebook Moments or Facebook Marketplace. Regardless, you can leave Facebook and still do plenty of stuff online — you may just have to enter your email and info a little more often.
In fact, you can even keep on using Facebook Messenger (since most of your friends are on it anyway) without an actual Facebook account. So even if you ditch Facebook, you can still annoy people with literally thousands of stickers.
Once you’re ready to leave, you have two options: deactivation or deletion. Deactivation basically puts your account in suspended animation should you ever want to return. Deletion will remove everything you’ve ever uploaded to Facebook — though, it can take months for everything to actually get deleted.
To deactivate: Click the upper-right, drop-down menu (it looks like a little down arrow) from anywhere in Facebook. Scroll down and select “Settings.”
One you’re there, click the “Security” in the left-hand menu. Scroll to the bottom of the menu and hit “Deactivate Your Account.”
You’ll need to enter your Facebook password one more time, and then you’ll be done. No more status updates, ever!
But, you may be saying, I could still technically reactivate my Facebook account, right? If you want to completely wipe your Facebook presence off the face of the Earth, you’ll need to delete your account. To do that, head to https://www.facebook.com/help/delete_account.
Before you delete, though, you may want to grab a few things you’ve uploaded over the years. To do that, hit that down arrow in the upper right, navigate to “Settings” and go to “General.” From there, hit “Download a copy of your Facebook data.” This will download every post, picture, and video you’ve ever uploaded (get ready to cringe!). Then, delete away without worry.
Facebook has become so omnipresent — over 1.8 billion people worldwide are on the service per the company’s last quarterly report — that leaving can feel a bit like you’ll be missing out. But you’ll still know when the people you truly care about get engaged or have a baby or any of the other things we use Facebook to announce nowadays. You just won’t know when that person you played church-league basketball with has a new kid. And that’s information you can probably live without.
One could argue that 2016 was the year that the anarchic image board 4chan went truly, truly mainstream. Sure, the internet’s been swimming in the descendants of 4chan creations like lolcats and image macros for years, but those memes are mostly harmless — descendants of an earlier, somewhat less toxic web. This year, however, Pepe the Frog — Matt Furie’s nihilist slacker who pulls his pants all the way down at the urinal — went totally mainstream. He was adopted by white supremacists, rebuffed by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, and endorsed via retweet by President-elect Donald J. Trump.
Pepe is old news though. He’s so 2016, already passé. The hunt is now on for the next mainstream 4chan monstrosity. 4chan memes that were once considered too risqué are now up for grabs, ready to emerge from their damp, dank, deep-web crawl space and soak in the limelight. We’ve opened Pandora’s box; these are the next terrible memes to go wide.
As America attempts to bridge the political, social, and economic gaps that divide us, we must all learn to empathize. If we are to truly heal, we must know that feel.
Hypothetical scenario: @DeplorableBart tweets, “I voted for Trump but didn’t think he’d actually repeal Obamacare. I need that.” Then someone replies with an “I know that feel, bro” Wojak.
Of course it has to be Wojak. It was always going to be Wojak, who first emerged from Polish imageboard vichan under the filename “ciepła twarz.jpg” (translation: “warm face”). His look of empathy brought him his other name, Feels Guy, and he quickly became the face of the internet-meme phrase, “I know that feel, bro,” which just means “I get it.” He and Pepe soon began a platonic romance within the memescape — when Pepe would lament “Feels bad, man,” Wojak would be there to say, “I know that feel bro.”
Rule 34 comes from a long list of so-called “Internet Rules” on 4chan, and it is the most famous one. It simply states, “If it exists, there is porn of it.” This is absolutely true, and anyone who has spent time on or adjacent to 4chan can vouch for it. Please take my word for it. Those of us who spend too much time online can even name the Rule 34 instance that solidified its incontestability (“frog and toad rule 34”).
Hypothetical scenario: There are already drawings of Trump and Putin making out, so just imagine they’re doing some stuff below the belt, too.
In an election in which sexual humiliation (see: “cuck” or Trump’s “check out sex tape” tweet) was repeatedly weaponized, Rule 34 will be the next battlefield. The digital artists on Deviantart will feel more vital than ever, recruited to depict political, social, and cultural enemies performing all sorts of lascivious acts, which will then be tweeted out by political surrogates.
This one’s pretty simple. A photo of rapper Rich Boy biting his lip on TRL is a classic reaction image for when one sees someone who is physically attractive, hence they say “’dat ass.” Our impending president — who owns a number of beauty pageants, spends a … concerning … amount of time complimenting his daughter’s looks, and has bragged about grabbing women by the pussy — has emboldened a new wave of abrasive, casual sexism online. Will ’Dat Ass, the meme for butt aficionados, rise to the occasion?
Hypothetical scenario: A Trump presidency also means Trump vacation pics, so we’ll definitely get to see him in a bathing suit. Fantastic.
This one’s a little out there but here’s how it works: photos of celebrities are edited to make all of their facial features very small relative to their actual head size. Then all of the vowels in that celeb’s name are replaced with the letter “O.” That’s a Woll Smoth. It’s funny! It’s a funny, discomfiting image that hits you on a visceral level, and it will be used to smear opponents left and right in 2017. Backed into a corner in an argument on Facebook? Hit them with a Woll Smoth.
Hypothetical scenario: A riled-up Sean Hannity gets into a war of words with SNL’s resident Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin, or in this case, Oloc Boldwon.
Shoop Da Whoop is a meme about a funny cartoon face charging up a laser and then firing the laser from its mouth. The phrases “I’M A’ FIRIN’ MAH LAZER!!” and “I’M A’ CHARGIN’ MAH LAZER” are associated with the image. Shoop hasn’t been relevant in a few years, but thanks to a growing string of foreign-policy blunders and an explicit interest in nuclear rearmament from our president-elect, it seems like many leading global powers are thinking about charging their lasers. What better way to illustrate the countdown to Armageddon for a digital audience than by revisiting our old pal Shoop?
Hypothetical scenario: As the U.S. and Russia prepare to launch their ICBMs at each other, the Huffington Post posts and enormous full-bleed Shoop Da Whoop on their front page.
“It’s four o’clock in the morning. Why on earth are you making chocolate pudding?” DiDi asks her husband, Stu Pickles.
He deadpans: “Because I’ve lost control of my life.”
This one’s for all of the liberals out there, feeling hopeless and despondent as Inauguration Day draws near. Soon afterward, once the nuclear war destroys our society and reduces us to clans of hunter-gatherers, this meme will be for everyone else too. At this point, nothing will matter and everything will be for naught and we’ll all just be up at dawn making pudding on the stove, so to speak.
Hypothetical scenario: “It’s [eternal night]. Why on [our fractured] earth are you making [charred human stew]?”
“Because I’ve lost control of my life.”
This may sound defeatist but the only way to sink lower than a year in which Nazism and white nationalism were bigger than anyone anticipated is to bring Pedobear, the pedophile bear, into the mainstream. With the Pizzagate idiocy reaching ever-greater heights, 2017 is looking to be a breakout year for Pedobear. The internet was a mistake.
Here’s a fun Christmas story. Kansas-based software developer Darren Cauthon was visiting a family member when he got to witness something truly special: a smart TV infected by ransomware.
What happened? The LG TV in question (a LG 50GA6400) was one of a few made during 2012 and 2013 that used the now-discontinued smart-TV platform Google TV (not to be confused with Android TV, which you’ll find on plenty of smart TVs still on the market). Someone in the household downloaded an app that promised free streaming movies — and who doesn’t like free streaming movies? — and got about halfway through the film before this screen popped up.
If you lean in close enough, you can see it’s a bunko warning from the FBI about watching illegally pirated content. It also says that the fine for watching a pirated copy of Suicide Squad is $500. (I’m just going to assume it was Suicide Squad that was somehow responsible, because it’s just that twisted.) The warning then offers an option for how to pay the fine and regain use of the TV.
Again, if you lean in very closely to the screen, you may notice that all this text is sideways. That’s because this bit of ransomware was likely designed for the Google Play store and meant to either run on a phone or tablet. Which means that even if you wanted to pony up the $500 (which, for a 2012-era LG TV is probably not worth it?), you actually can’t — there’s no way with the TV’s interface to actually pay the ransom.
Per Cauthon, the only real option for the TV owner is to pay a $340 service fee to LG to get them to do a factory reset and get rid of the malware. Considering it’s a 4-year-old television, and you can find very decent 55-inch screens for well under $300 nowadays, I’d say it may be time to take the L and just pony up for a new TV.
As the list of legends, young and old, that 2016 has taken from this Earth continues to grow, one man in South Carolina has taken it upon himself to ensure Betty White makes it into 2017. Demetrios Hrysikos has raised 1,800 and counting via a GoFundMe campaign he started Tuesday after news broke of Carrie Fisher’s death. A strange act from a man for a woman who has not indicated she wants or needs anybody’s help surviving the next three days … but okay, sure, Demetrios.
“If she’s okay with it I will fly to where ever Betty White is and keep her safe till Jan 1 , 2017,” Hrysikos says, though he offers no details on exactly how he plans to protect the 94-year-old actor and comedian. If White declines his help, he says the money will go to a local children’s theater in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Honestly, this all sounds like a very good scam to attempt to hang out with Betty White, and I wish I had thought of it first.
On the outside is the Evil Kermit meme, 2016’s version of the metaphorical devil on your shoulders. Evil Kermit is telling Connor to write the entire Bee Movie script by hand. So he did.
Valentine’s Day is more than a month away, but it’s never too late to start planning. Connor Fastenau likes his girlfriend. He also likes memes. Rather than set one aside in favor of the other, he decided to combine the two into a very unique gift.
Connor told BuzzFeed that it took three or four hours to complete the whole thing, and that his girlfriend laughed so hard that she literally died (not literally).
Finally, we know what Meat Loaf was talking about when he sang “I Would Do Anything For Love (But I Won’t Do That).” He was talking about writing out the entire Bee Movie script.
A sure sign of the impending apocalypse, the Oxford English Dictionary now contains the word YouTuber. According to the OED, YouTuber is a noun derived from a “proper name, combined with an English element.” Its etymology is traced to a video-sharing website launched in 2005. All this is well and good. But the definition is, um, just plain wrong.
From the OED:
As any real YouTuber will tell you, frequenting the video platform does not a true “YouTuber” make. A YouTuber is a content creator, not just a content consumer. There is no subcategory of YouTuber “especially” for someone who “produces and appears in videos.” Either you make videos (YouTuber) or you don’t (not a YouTuber). YouTubers enjoy sharing their French-press-coffee-filled morning routines, filming themselves reacting to things, mocking the shit [insert niche group here] say, and pairing incredibly dramatic thumbnail images with even more dramatic headlines. Watching “David After Dentist” and “You Forgot Blueberries” six dozen times a day doesn’t make you a YouTuber. It just makes you a human.
Before you is a photo of six young women sitting in a basement filled with Green Bay Packers paraphernalia sipping a few beers and hanging out on a couch. All six of the women have, to my knowledge, at least one leg if not two. But in the photo — which was originally posted to Reddit — the woman second on the left appears to have no legs at all.
She’s a witch, you might be thinking. She’s got her legs sideways on the couch and her friends are just sitting atop them, you might also be thinking, if you’re a more rational-type person. And while neither is a bad theory, they’re both wrong. The woman is sitting with her legs over the couch like everybody else in the picture, you just can’t see them. Look closer at the one bare kneecap on the left. That’s actually the knee of the “legless” woman blending in perfectly with the all-black legs of the woman on her right. If you need more proof, note that the bare ankle on that “leg” stops halfway across because it’s actually two legs and not one.
Special thank you to the Select All photo staff who took my request for “something that makes them all look like they have legs plz” seriously.
Here’s a fun and easy new game to play with all 12 of your Twitter followers. As per a tweet from Eric Alper, think of something that you remember from your life but somebody younger than you wouldn’t know anything about. Could be paying for an AOL account, owning a physical phone book, or the United States being led by a president who didn’t have a Twitter account. Got your object or concept? Great, now tweet Alper and explain in the requisite 140 characters.
Need some inspiration? Here are a few good responses.
If you still can’t think of anything, just wait a week. Then you’ll be able to tweet about this meme, which by then will have become obsolete.
Want to start 2017 off better than 2016? Our humble suggestion: Delete everything! This week we’ll go through how to ditch almost every aspect of your online life, from Twitter to Facebook to Gmail. Today: Never again have to look at what a good time your friends are having by axing Instagram.
Some of the biggest Instagrammers can spend thousands of dollars for their casual lifestyle shots, warping the brains of teenagers everywhere. (Though really all the teenagers use Snapchat or Musical.ly anyways.) Perpetuates that feeling that every moment has to be beautiful and special, or you are just living a trash-can life. Causes that weird anxiety when you see something and think, I should really Instagram this. #GoalDigger. #Landscape. #Meme.
Sitting at home at 11 p.m. thumbing through Instagram instead of doing what God intended, which is watching old episodes of Law and Order.
When people you kinda sorta know are at a party. When people you kinda sorta know wear a really nice outfit. When people you kinda sorta know are having a decent hair day. When people you kinda sorta know eat at Le Coucou (or anywhere where you drop a month’s rent on the tasting menu). When people you kinda sorta know cook anything at home that photographs well. The occasional well-framed and interesting photograph.
On desktop, 4K Strogram works across every platform and gets high marks. It can take a while depending on your download speed, but you’ll get every photo and video you’ve ever uploaded to Instagram. If you want to download everything onto your phone, Instasave is generally regarded as the best app to use for both iOS and Android.
To be fair, you’ve probably uploaded a good amount of good photos to Instagram, and you might like to keep them. Instagram itself doesn’t give you a way to easily download everything you uploaded, so you’re going to have to turn to third-party apps.
Okay! So you’ve got all your selfies and pictures of skylines downloaded safely. How do you delete your Instagram? Of course, since it’s primarily a mobile app, you can just uninstall it from your phone. But as someone who’s uninstalled and reinstalled Instagram a couple of times, don’t do half-measures.
To deactivate, click the “Profile” button in the top right-hand corner on either your mobile or desktop app. (It’s the little icon that looks like a person at the far right here.)
Like its parent company Facebook, Instagram offers the opportunity to either deactivate or permanently delete your account. Deactivation means you can come back if you change your mind; deletion means everything you’ve posted (and all the comments you left) will disappear from the service.
Once you’ve clicked it, press the “Edit Profile” button. Once you’re there, scroll to the bottom of the page and hit “Temporarily disable my account.”
Once there, Instagram will require you to explain why you want to leave (it’s just like a super-fun breakup!) and then ask you to reenter your password one more time. Do that, and your account is disabled.
If you want to really go all the way, head to https://www.instagram.com/accounts/remove/request/permanent/. Again, Instagram will ask for a reason as to why you’re choosing to end things, and gamely try to offer up the option of temporarily disabling your account instead.
Reenter your password one more time, and that’s it! You’re done with Instagram. Go watch a sunset or attend a birthday party and realize it’s very pleasant even if you don’t get 17 likes on it.
So along with reported battery issues, iOS has another fun feature: Anyone using an iPhone can brick another iPhone user’s Messages app.
Spotted by vincedes3, it works like this: If you send someone a large enough contact file through the Messages app, it causes that app to crash — and keep on crashing every time you try to open it. Apparently, any phone running iOS 9 to the most current release, iOS 10.2.1, is susceptible.
The nastiest part is that even a hard reset doesn’t fix the Messages app. It effectively makes someone unable to send or receive text messages. In other words, if someone sends you a contact card out of the blue in the next few days, don’t open it.
You can see a video of the vulnerability action below:
This isn’t the first time the Messages app has been found to have odd vulnerabilities. An improperly encoded video in late November was found to completely crash users’ iPhones, though a hard reset would fix the problem. In 2015, the “Effective Power” bug would allow users to crash someone’s iPhone just by sending a certain string of Arabic text.
Earlier today, Serena Williams announced, in a Reddit post, that she is engaged. A cartoon in the post, featuring a digital rendering of her (complete with Nike tennis outfit) accepting a ring from a cartoon dude in a Reddit T-shirt, reads “Future Mrs. Kn0thing.” This might seem like a strange way for one of the world’s most famous athletes to announce a forthcoming marriage. Unless you’ve been keeping tabs on her love life since 2015 (or saw this Instagram photo from Halloween), in which case, you’d know that Williams has been dating an entrepreneur named Alexis Ohanian — known best for co-founding Reddit, where he’s famous as user “kn0thing.”
Ohanian is reportedly the happiest man on the planet.
Williams revealed the engagement in a post on the r/isaidyes subreddit with an illustration that is even more endearingly corny (and brand-loyal) than the Bitmoji that Miranda Kerr used to reveal her engagement to Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel.
Chatter that Ohanian and Williams were dating began circulating a little over a year ago, but the pair have mostly kept their relationship out of the spotlight since then. Here they are on Halloween.
As though 2016 couldn’t get any more surreal, Serena Williams, the greatest tennis player of her era, has announced her engagement to Alexis Ohanian, the cofounder of Reddit whose accomplishments include something something narwhal bacon.
Congrats to the happy couple! I doff my fedora in their honor!
For those of us who don’t wander around shouting “the narwhal bacons at midnight” (the pass-phrase to identify yourself to a fellow redditor IRL), you may be asking yourself … Self, who is Alexis Ohanian? And can he possibly deserve the hand of one of the greatest athletes to grace the Earth?
Ohanian, who was born in Brookyln and attended the University of Virginia, co-founded Reddit — a link-sharing site that relies on user voting to determine what floats to the top — with Steve Huffman back in 2005. The site took three weeks to code and Ohanian himself drew the site’s tiny alien mascot, Snoo. In the early days of the site, Ohanian was known for sending handwritten notes and gifts to early adopters.
Upon his engagement to Williams, he is now the luckiest nerd on earth — at least, as far as Wikipedia was concerned for the few minutes this edit lived on his page earlier today.
Congrats, Alexis and Serena. If you’re looking for a good couple name, may I suggest Will.I.An? Has a nice ring to it.
His motto is “making the world suck less.” Back in 2012, he played a prominent role in killing the proposed Stop Online Piracy Act, which was designed — in theory — to fight online copyright infringement and illegal sales. Instead, Ohanian and Co. turned Reddit off for a single day in January, showing people what the internet would be like under SOPA. (Answer: less viral content.) Wikipedia and Mozilla did the same, Forbes reports, prompting enough people to call their representatives that 19 senators cut ties to the proposed bill in a single day, leading to its ultimate demise. After that, Ohanian teamed up with a nonprofit to found the Internet Defense League to “make sure the internet never loses. Ever.” Sure! The same year he ran a cross-country-bus tour, “The Internet 2012,” devoted to discussing politics, activism, and the internet. BuzzFeed deemed it the kickoff of Ohanian’s run to become “president of the internet.”
Reddit’s not Ohanian’s only business; six years ago, he founded travel website Hipmunk, for which he drew the mascot — a chipmunk wearing aviator goggles — too. More recently, Ohanian left his post as a partner at Y Combinator, raised over $100 million for the third fund at Initialized Capital (a VC firm he co-founded in 2010), and also — somewhere in the last year or two — the great Serena Williams kindly deigned to date him.
Ohanian is nearly six-and-a-half feet tall. Not that height is everything!
Following weeks of accusations and insinuations — and counterclaims and skepticism — about the role of the Russian government in this summer’s hack of the Democratic National Committee’s email (an attack given the evocative name “GRIZZLY STEPPE” by the Department of Homeland Security) a new joint report was published today by the DHS and FBI. The question is, does the new report actually clear anything up?
The fact is, he’s right. Computer is hard, and the general public is generally forced to trust self-proclaimed experts and intelligence agencies where questions of hacking and cybersecurity are concerned — a troubling dynamic when those questions are driving heightened tension between two nuclear superpowers. Today, President Obama announced new sanctions on Russia in response to what the administration says was Russian involvement in the hack of the Democratic National Committee. But the president-elect, and allied Republicans (not to mention some on the left), remain skeptical of those claims — or, at least, are unconvinced by the evidence. And while the Obama administration, congressional Democrats, some Republicans, and the intelligence establishment all agree that Russian hackers of some stripe were involved, there is some question of what they were trying to accomplish.
We know that the Democratic National Committee got hacked. We know this because, well, thousands of damaging emails from high-ranking officials in the DNC were sent to and then posted by WikiLeaks.
So what can we say for sure? What do we know and where does that knowledge come from? Does GRIZZLY STEPPE advance our knowledge? Let’s try to sort it out for you, and make the whole age of computer a little easier.
What do we definitely know, based on public information?
Note that when people use some version of the “Russia hacked the election” shorthand, this is what they’re talking about — not changing vote tallies, rigging the machines, or some other kind of intrusive infrastructural movement. It’s a more roundabout, but easier and more common, tactic for undermining an election: finding and releasing damaging information obtained by means of electronic intrusion.
What do we probably know, based on common sense, circumstantial evidence, and independent expert testimony?
The hackers who nabbed the DNC emails are probably from Russia. The main groups identified by cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike, which was contracted by the DNC in June to investigate the hack, are known as Fancy Bear, or APT 28, and Cozy Bear, a.k.a. APT 29 (APT stands for Advanced Persistent Threat).
Both “Cozy” and “Fancy” are well-known to security experts, but their size, scope, and organizational structure is unknown (or, at least, not publicly available). Fancy Bear is thought (again, by CrowdStrike) to be associated with Russian foreign-intelligence agency GRU, and Cozy with Russian surveillance agency FSB, but there is no definitive public proof of those connections. U.S. intelligence officials conveyed to BuzzFeed that they believe Fancy Bear to be taking orders from the Russian government, if not outright a part of it.
Then there’s the Guccifer question. An online alias known as Guccifer 2.0 — “Guccifer” was the hacker who managed to nab emails from luminaries like George W. Bush and Colin Powell in 2013 — tried to take credit for the DNC hack in June, claiming to have pulled it off all on his own. In conversations with Motherboard, Guccifer claimed to be Romanian, but his use of his supposed native language was inconsistent (Motherboard demonstrated that Guccifer’s “Romanian” was consistent with Russian Google-translated into Romanian), and the quality of his English veered wildly at times, suggesting multiple users handling the Guccifer 2.0 alias.
In early October, as fears of a Russian hack grew, the Department of Homeland Security and Director of National Intelligence issued a joint statement saying that the DNC thefts originated from Russian servers, but that they were not able to attribute them to the Kremlin.
What can’t we prove definitively based on publicly available information?
That the Russian government was behind the hack. This is the crux of Trump’s (convenient) skepticism.
The intelligence community strongly believes that the Russian government was involved, though. There is circumstantial evidence pointing to the Bears as being behind the attack, and the Russian government being behind them. Malware found on a DNC computer was programmed to communicate with a Fancy Bear–affiliated IP address. Metadata in a leaked file contained references, in Cyrillic, to a historical figure of the Soviet secret police. The person who registered DNC-email publisher DCLeaks.com used the same email service as whoever registered a domain used for phishing emails. It all points in the general direction of Moscow but at nothing specific.
There is supposedly other evidence, too, but we have no idea what it is. The FBI and the CIA are both reportedly highly confident that the Russian government sought not only to undermine our elections process, but also to get Donald Trump elected to office. Overwhelmingly, lawmakers in both the House and Senate are now urging intelligence briefings and reports on the matter. The information is not public because intelligence agencies don’t want to tip off any of the hackers.
What is being done in response?
The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI published a joint report with more information about Fancy Bear and its ilk revealing that the malicious activity by purported Russian intelligence services is known in the intelligency community as GRIZZLY STEPPE.
An intelligence report is in the works for members of Congress, and is supposed to be made available before Trump is sworn in on January 20. In the meantime, the Obama administration today announced sweeping sanctions against Russia. Thirty-five Russian intelligence operatives are being ejected from the country, and the FBI has named two suspects believed to be behind the DNC hack. Six names were added to the Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons.
Meanwhile, the Russian embassy in London is being extremely petty.
Every once in awhile, we are shocked, and a little thrilled, to find ourselves in agreement with Donald Trump. Last night, for example, the president-elect spoke the unimpeachable truth when asked about the possibility of Russian hackers interfering in the election: “I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly. The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what is going on.”
What does today’s report tell us?
Unfortunately, though, it offers little conclusive new public proof of the Russian government’s involvement. Rather, it reiterates that the U.S. government (well, its intelligence agencies, at any rate) believes that APT 28 and APT 29 are affiliated in some way with Russian government agencies. The question now, as it has been the whole time, is: How much do you trust American intelligence services to accurately and honestly describe threats to the public in the whole age of the computer?
The report describes what U.S. intelligence believes to be the tactics used by APT 28 and APT 29, and provides a helpful (and entertaining!) list of suspected Russian intelligence groups, including Fancy Bear and Cozy bear but also “CHOPSTICK,” “SEADADDY,” and “CakeDuke.”
If you’re watching this video and wondering how the Echo Dot — which doesn’t exactly have an app or skill for watching porn, at least, not yet — played this video, here’s what’s actually happening. The kid’s command, which sounds like “play digger digger” (hmmm) triggers Alexa to search Spotify for a track with that name. What she comes up with is actually the name of an album of dirty-prank ringtones with a laundry list of porn categories in its title to better optimize it for people searching. Probably for actual porn. Which, pro tip for all my horny pals reading, there are better sites for that!
Apparently, “play digger digger” is to a little redheaded kid what “No. 1 Funny Ringtones for Android Best New Annoying Comedy Parody Alerts Alarms Message Tones Tone Alert & Messages — Porn Detected! (Porno Ringtone Hot Chick Amateur Girl Calling Sexy Fuck Cunt Shit Sex Cock Pussy Anal Dildo Ringtones for Android” is to Alexa. You can find those ringtones here.
After opening a new Amazon Echo Dot for Christmas, one family got an … interesting surprise when their kid sidled up to the device to ask it to play a song by holding the little robot in both hands and shouting into the microphone. It’s very cute! Until, that is, Alexa starts rattling off a list of X-rated terms like “cock pussy” and “anal dildo.”
A viral challenge started by, of course, teens and then co-opted by everyone from Hillary Clinton to Blac Chyna (mid-childbirth no less!), the Mannequin Challenge has finally been taken to the next level: outer space. European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet posted a video of himself and some colleagues on the International Space Station frozen in zero-gravity on Thursday. Considering I couldn’t even get my family to sit still when we filmed our version on Christmas Eve here on Earth, I am extremely impressed by their form and commitment to the challenge.
The only thing the video is missing is music. But it doesn’t really matter because in space no one can hear you scream … or play “Black Beatles.”
In a saddening echo of every time my parents ever told me I’d be happier if I got off the internet and hung out with real people, a new study from the IZA Institute of Labor Economics found even an hour a day on social media can make teens markedly less happy. “Spending one hour a day chatting on social networks reduces the probability of being completely satisfied with life overall by approximately 14 percentage points,” the study concludes regarding kids ages 10 to 15. (Note: The study was conducted solely on British children.)
Want to start off 2017 better than 2016? Our humble suggestion: Delete everything! This week, we’ll show you how to ditch almost every aspect of your online life, from Twitter to Facebook to Instagram. Today: how to part ways with the company that arguably launched the modern internet.
As for reasons why the cyberworld can be bad for kids, the study points to three substantial causes: “social comparisons,” “finite resources,” and “cyberbullying.” Broken down, the first two mean, unsurprisingly, that kids are negatively impacted when they see the seemingly richer, better, and potentially unattainable lifestyles of others online. And at this point, it’s pretty self-explanatory why cyberbullying is bad. The study also found that girls are more likely to be affected, and “in particular feel less happy with their appearance and school attended the more time they spend chatting on social networks.” In case being a teenage girl wasn’t hard enough already.
How much time do you have? Unless you’ve been a strong Yahoo supporter or give speeches about PGP and the inherent weakness of Tor, you’ve probably got a couple of accounts that are owned by Google laying around. Google has made a good push toward unifying all of its services, but deleting them can still be a process.
If you’re talking about not using any Google or Alphabet product whatsoever, then take a seat. You’ll need to stay away from: Google Maps, YouTube, all Android phones, Chrome (the browser you are statistically most likely to be using right now), most TVs made recently by Asus, Philips, Sharp, Sony, and TCL, Waze GPS navigation, Nest thermostats, that old Blogspot account you never shut down, and the new Google Home. Luckily, since the company is selling its robot subsidiary Boston Dynamics, you can still shove your wicked stupid robot in the chest with a hockey stick without Google watching. Probably.
Oh, man. I’m not gonna lie to you: You’re going to miss a lot. If you’re talking about just the things you’ll cut off if you delete your Google account, that includes: Gmail, Google Docs, Google Drive, Google Photos, Google Calendar, Google Hangouts, and Google Plus (so, you know, not a total loss).
Reading an email about your grandmother’s advanced dementia and seeing an ad for 30 percent off on online mattresses.
That “don’t be evil” thing is hard to pull off when you have (and ruthlessly protect) an unassailable monopoly on search, browsers, webmail, online video, and display advertising with virtually no oversight or regulation. It’s essentially a massive advertising company — and quietly dismantled one of the major boundaries between its ad-sales side and everything else in October of 2016. Primary-color, cheerful marketing efforts are ultimately kinda depressing, like a preschool teacher with secret problems at home. Has like 178 different chat apps. Kept trying for years to make people join Google Plus. Killed Google Reader, the best RSS reader ever, and the secret reason I’m writing all this. But mainly: Giving all your data to one company is just a massive risk — Google’s security is very good (except when they secretly work with the NSA), but all it takes is one bad data breach for your life to be out in the open. Imagine if everything Google knows about you was suddenly public, from your emails to where you go every day. Feel that full-body shiver of fear? Yeah.
Up next, Google will ask if you want to get rid of a few products or if you want to just do the dang thing and get rid of everything.
So, if you’re committed to leaving Google and you’ve been using it for a while, you’re going to want to grab your information before you go. You’ve probably tied important stuff to your Google account — bank accounts, health insurance, retirement plans, etcetera — and you don’t want to lose that info. You’ll also need it when setting up your next email account — I recommend Protonmail, but I’ve heard good things about Yandex as well. (If you’re serious about this, it may make sense to keep your Gmail account for a bit with an autorespond and autoforward in place to make sure you’re not missing anything vital.)
To get rid of your main account: Head to https://myaccount.google.com/. After entering your password, head to the far right and find “Delete your account or services.”
Before you delete everything, head to https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout. By default, every service tied to your Google account will be selected. If, for some reason, you don’t care about your Google Circles information, you can pick and choose what you want to download. But grab everything important and have Google email you a zip file of it.
Then, you can do the deed. You’ll need to check some boxes agreeing that you understand what you’re doing (Google treats you leaving their embrace a bit like a parasailing company run out of Cancun — there is a lot of “are you sure?” language). And then, boom, done.
Except! You probably have other Google accounts. Your YouTube account, for instance. Or your Waze account. Or your Nest and Dropcam account. The list goes on — and is growing larger every day. It’s not that Google is necessarily a bad company — it’s just that it’s so large and contains so much information about you that it would be devastating if it were ever breached. If you’d rather avoid those headaches down the road, that’s all the more reason to step away from Google now.
The study also explains that social isn’t all bad when it comes to teens, noting that chatting with people online can lead to increased empathy. But then again, it also explains that the social-media-induced decrease in life satisfaction for teens has a statistically bigger impact than skipping school or living in a single-parent household. So, basically, if you’re the parent of an unhappy teen — or you are an unhappy teen — consider deleting your accounts. Or at least consider deleting one of your accounts. (Start with Twitter! Or Facebook! Or Instagram!) You might be a few percentage points happier for it.
What a year for fake stuff on the internet! Arguably the biggest year yet for misinformation and willful dishonesty, whose reach was bolstered and augmented by the social network and filter bubbles that we rely on to keep us informed.
(A sidebar here: “Fake news” means articles fabricated to gain traffic and advertising revenue, not standard-issue reporting errors or slant.)
Analyzing Facebook interactions, BuzzFeed has determined that the following are the most viral fake news stories of the year (full list here).
Such a wide variety of (unreal) human experiences! Clearly, this was a big year for political content, which dominated the fake-news sphere. Especially effective was news that emboldened conservative social-media users. The proprietor of abcnews.com.co, Paul Horner, told the Washington Post back in November:
2017 is gonna be fun.
The patent in question was first applied for in 2008, and describes “a lock-out mechanism to prevent operation of one or more functions of handheld computing devices by drivers when operating vehicles,” such as texting or video chatting.
Apple did not return requests for comment to either Jalopnik or Courthouse News. The premise of the case itself is shaky at best — suing a company for not implementing a patent that it holds is an inversion of the standard patent-troll playbook. Usually, patent trolls hold many dormant patents and sue anyone actively manufacturing something that might infringe on it. In this case, someone is suing a company for not implementing its patents. Needless to say, it’s a bold move.
A lawsuit filed against Apple this week argues that, by not actually making a product that it patented, the company is partly responsible for an automobile accident. According to Jalopnik, James and Bethany Modisette are suing the tech company after a car crash two years ago that killed one of their daughters and injured the rest of the family. The driver of the car who hit them had been using Apple’s FaceTime video chat at the time.
As of Sunday evening, @EmrgencyKittens marks Trump’s 43rd Twitter follow. The account joins the company of Mike Pence, Reince Priebus, Ann Coulter, Bill O’Reilly, 10 Trump brand and property accounts, and six people who share the President-elect’s last name.
On December 30, the comedian performed the hit at the Japan Records Awards with a full orchestra backing.
Pikotaro, the mastermind behind the viral smash-hit “PPAP (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen),” rang in the New Year with not one but two live performances of the track.
The song is so widespread that even President-elect Trump reportedly knows about it via his granddaughter.
Imagine if every movie were actually Jersey Shore. What a paradise! What a cornucopia of cinematic drama! Thanks to the magic of the internet, we don’t have to imagine: In the final days of 2016, a meme featuring screencaps from the seminal classic reality show, captioned with the titles of classic movies, began popping up on Twitter.
In a second video, the customer continues with his thoughts on “the old ways.” As in, “the original old ways that of creation itself, the pure energy. Everything from you to this computer. Everything is a solidified energy of creation.” To which the cashier replied, “Oh my goodness.” And truly, oh my goodness.
The update comes just a week before SpaceX plans to launch another rocket on January 8, pending FAA approval of its conclusions regarding the September anomaly. Here’s hoping for better luck in 2017 for our good pal Elon.
If MacOS is trying very hard to hide a man behind a curtain, Windows 10 is handing out “You’re In Oz Now, Motherfucker” T-shirts. Hit the Start button — it might be the Windows button now, I’m not sure — and a wall of animated “Live Tiles” appear alongside the names and perfectly square program icons. One tile is advertising some software to buy. Another is showing Ed Sheeran doing something on Twitter. One, about the size of a quarter, is letting me know that Obama looked sad at some point and that people were killed in a nightclub attack, but with an animation that indicates these two events are not related. A box beside the Start menu holds Cortana, the voice assistant (fine, about as useful as Siri, so not very) and is permanently labeled, “Ask me anything,” even if I have nothing on my mind. Scrolling with two fingers can provide wildly different movement depending on which app I’m using, or if I’m using the touch pad or the touch screen or a mouse. I can touch the screen and my fingertip does the same thing as a mouse, mostly, or I can undock my screen and use it as a tablet, which causes Windows 10 to switch into a different mode that emphasizes fingertip and pen interaction, which works pretty well, but not as well as iOS.
I miss MacOS very much, now that I’ve left.
Windows is a carnival in an open field staffed by drunk orphans. You can approach it from any direction, pulling a cart you first loaded up in 1998. There are signs posted everywhere, telling you a dozen ways to move forward. “TOUCH THE AMAZING SCREEN!” “BEND THE HINGES … ON A LAPTOP!” “SEE THE PEN! IT WORKS NOW!” “DARE YOU SAMPLE THE DELIGHTS OF THE CLOUD?”
There are plenty of arguments for Apple’s journeyman-user methodology. It is, above all, comforting. To know that your tools are of good quality and preordained by a master allows you to focus on your work. I think this is why the new MacBook Pro is disappointing: It indicates that our teacher may not be leading us where we should go.
It was my MacBook Pro’s battery, and not the multiple hard crashes, that finally unwove the illusion. The battery is too small, even if, practically, I rarely use a laptop off the plug. Unlike many, I actually do want my laptops to get smaller, lighter, and thinner, and am even willing to trade some capability to get it. Not much capability, mind you, but a little; I’ll fuck with a weird keyboard, sure. It was Apple’s response to the complaints of poor (or at least confusing) battery life that soured me: When MacOS’s battery widget was reporting inconsistent predictions of time remaining, Apple simply removed the widget. It’s such a small thing, but it was enough to make me waver, to ask the question that any supplicant should always ask when told that their complaints are trivial: Are they looking out for themselves or for me?
I’ll almost certainly buy another MacBook, especially if future iterations can give me back the rationalization that paying so much money allows me to have the best computer. (The best for me, of course; the person who does not need to play videogames on his laptop, for example, because he is going to write a short story or record a pop song.) But in the meantime, I’m enjoying a new type of anticipation which for now only seems to be available in Windowsland: that someday, despite the funfetti working environment and Homermobile nature of the hardware, I may actually be on a path that’s going somewhere not just new, but better, or at least more exciting.
Wow, that is a lot of trends and definitely sounds like fun!
Each year, Mark Zuckerberg broadcasts his New Year’s resolution to us via a Facebook post. Last year, there was his quest to build what would become Jarvis, AI for Zuck’s home. He also pledged to run 365 miles. There was also that time he said he’d learn Mandarin. (He did.) This year, Zuckerberg announced that he’ll be paying a visit to every state he hasn’t visited in the United States.
He’s already been to approximately 20 states, so there are 30 or so left for Zuckerberg to visit, the Facebook CEO explained in his post. “My trips this year will take different forms — road trips with Priscilla, stops in small towns and universities, visits to our offices across the country, meetings with teachers and scientists, and trips to fun places you recommend along the way,” Zuckerberg wrote. College students, small town residents, teachers, scientists, and anybody who lives in city with a Six Flags … prepare yourselves.
One Perfect Shot accounts are bastions of lazy film fandom (yeah dude, everyone knows about the chess match in The Seventh Seal), but clearly they work. Last year, OPS was acquired by the site Film School Rejects for an undisclosed cash sum. The prevalence of these artful, perfect shots can be exhausting — as much as a mild Twitter account can be exhausting — because they force quality onto works that might not otherwise hold up to scrutiny. Do we really, for example, need to bask in the cinematography of 2012’s Judge Dredd remake?
The false film-credit format appears regularly on Tumblr, but it’s since migrated to Twitter. And while most amateur history buffs might be drawn to @HistoryInPics, other prefer @AhistoricalPics, which can’t tell the difference between Joseph Stalin and comedian Nick Offerman.
Every time you upload a photo to Facebook, its deep-learning algorithms go to work, trying to ID things both incredibly specific (which of your friends is in this photo?) and general (is this photo outdoors or indoors?). But that information is largely hidden from users — until now.
In practice, it’s fascinating to see how accurate — or inaccurate — Facebook is at IDing stuff. Here is a selfie of me with two very good friends, including New York Mets pitcher Bartolo Colón:
“The extension itself is super-simple,” says Geitgey, who estimates he built it in about an hour. “It has no features; it just lets you see what Facebook sees.”
But it’s likely that if I were to use Geitgey’s extension on the same photos a year from a now, a lot more information would be pulled out — and some of those inaccuracies would be corrected. “When Facebook launched it in April, they could detect 100 keywords, but this kind of system grows as they get more data,” he says. “A year or two from now they could detect thousands of different things. My testing with this shows they’re well beyond 100 keywords already.”
Following the track’s release, Lahren tweeted at Wale to let him know for future dissing she’d prefer the artist get her “fricken name” right.
Today, Wale got back to Tomi. Or rather, he got back to Tammy.
A decent double-down on a good burn from Mr. Folarin, but the better own came in the stream of @-replies where people flat out refused to refer to Lahren by her given name. Instead, they called out Tonya, Tina, Tiffany, Tracy, and a slew of other names until the replies started to look like an all “T” version of “Mambo Number Five.”
This morning, President-elect Donald Trump continued to push back on the pervading narrative that Russian hackers interfered with the presidential election by leaking emails from the Democratic National Committee and high-ranking official John Podesta. He cited a quote from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who spoke to Sean Hannity on Fox News on Tuesday evening.
The hackers generated the shortened Bitly link in the email automatically using the Bitly API, which requires creating an account on the service. In layman’s terms, hackers automated the creation of phishing links, making a custom link for each target. Said Bitly account was, for a period of time, public, letting researchers see whom the hackers were targeting.
Assange also claimed that the Russian government was not the source who provided him with the cache of emails. “Our source is not a state party,” Assange said, the semantic precision of which does not contradict the belief that third-party hackers worked in concert with Russian government directives.
Technically, an enterprising 14-year-old could have tricked John Podesta, but a trail of clues will lead anyone with half a brain to the conclusion that that’s not what happened. On Twitter, security consultant Matt Tait has a thorough rundown of why it’s reasonable to assume Podesta was hacked by operators working on a large scale.
It’s pretty technical, but I’ll try to sum it up in brief. Examining the shortened Bitly link in the Podesta phishing email shows a URL structure that allowed the falsified Google sign-in page to appear legitimate, autopopulating Podesta’s email address and image.
The argument, as Trump presents it, lays fault at the feet of the DNC. Asserting that their security measures were inadequate is not incorrect — Podesta was felled by a spearphishing scheme requiring his participation. But the thrust of Trump’s pushback on the infiltration, which the intelligence community and the current president of the United States strongly believe happened, is that hacking is apparently so easy that a child could do it. This is not a new argument for Trump. During the election, Trump memorably invoked the computer usage of his 10-year-old son, Barron, as evidence of the ease of hacking.
The techniques used against Podesta bear striking similarities to hacking techniques used against those hundreds of targets. According to researchers from SecureWorks, the hackers, known as Threat Group-4127, targeted Russian individuals. Targets outside of Russia fell into categories including military and government personnel, aviation experts, and aerospace researchers. You know, the kinds of stuff 14-year-olds love.
So, could have a 14-year-old have done this? I mean, sure, but that’s like saying anyone with the ability to use a keyboard could have done this. It’s a claim so general and unsupported by the evidence as to be empirically useless. Rhetorically, however, it’s really come in handy.
Tomi. If that is your real name. Thanks.
Bernie Sanders spoke on the Senate floor during discussions today about the future of Obamacare. With him, Sanders brought his best arguments about how if Trump cuts any funding for Medicaid or Medicare he’ll be walking back previous promises about not cutting said funds. He also brought a giant printout of one of Trump’s tweets on the matter, from May 2015, to really drive that point home.
And here are some of the ones we wish Sanders had brought instead.
Here’s that tweet.
This afternoon, Ev Williams, the founder of publishing platform Medium, announced that, after reevaluating its current strategy, the company is laying off 50 people and changing its business model. The losses in personnel amount to a third of the company’s staff.
This isn’t surprising — anyone working in digital media in 2016 could tell you that only a handful of businesses (Facebook and Google, specifically) can reach the monstrous scale necessary to make money off of advertising in a world where ad space is essentially infinite. What’s interesting, though, is Williams’s candor about the root problem — advertising as a single revenue source:
“[W]e are shifting our resources and attention to defining a new model for writers and creators to be rewarded,” Williams says, “based on the value they’re creating for people.” Translation: Medium wants a way for its publishers to make money directly off of their readers. One solution would be the “tip jars” system that video-game streamers on Twitch use — a way to toss a few bucks someone’s way when you like what they’re up to. (Micropayments like that have long been solicited by bloggers, just rarely in a standardized way on a single platform.) Another solution would be, well, subscriptions. They worked for magazines and newspapers, didn’t they?
His announcement, written on Medium (naturally: it’s the number-one source for founders announcing start-up layoffs, pivots, and shutterings), is candid, and as a document of a particular moment in the evolution of the media industry, fascinating. Medium was founded as a clean, easy-to-use space for individuals and groups to publish writing of, yes, medium length — one easy way to think about it would be as the YouTube of writing. But, as Williams (a founder of Blogger and Twitter) writes:
But Williams also says the company will be working on discovering a new revenue model. Nothing he writes in his announcement will be a revelation to any digital media company; all are currently attempting to find alternate sources of revenue and avoid churning out articles on whatever’s trending at any particular moment. Digital ad revenue is tough to come by, especially thanks to ad blockers. Medium doesn’t even use display ad units, otherwise known as banner ads. Businesses that migrated or launched on Medium, and developed revenue plans based on Medium’s old strategy, are probably not feeling great right about now. (We’ve reached out to editors at those sites to see if their relationship has changed, and will update when we hear back.)
Williams says that 2016 was a big year for Medium, and in many ways he’s right. The company spent most of the year carving out a home for small publishers, offering to take over the management of technology and ad sales in exchange for having the content live on Medium. Sites like the Awl and ThinkProgress moved onto the platform, while new ventures like Bill Simmons’s the Ringer launched on it.
Apple has removed the mobile app of the New York Times from its Chinese app store, according to the paper. Both the Chinese- and English-language apps were taken down shortly before Christmas, without warning. The Times’ Chinese bureau was not informed of the decision, and an Apple spokesperson decline to comment to the paper about what regulations were violated.
The Chinese government’s Cyberspace Administration is primarily responsible for filtering internet traffic within the country and that which travels in and out of the country. The barrier has come to be known as the Great Firewall of China. In recent weeks, the Times has published stories about iPhone manufacturing in China and related subsidies provided by the government.
While we wait to find out what The Young Pope is actually about, here are some of the best Young Pope tweets we could find. *Crosses self* In the name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost.
One of the better winters I spent as a teenager was playing the classic 1998 PlayStation game Final Fantasy Tactics and listening to Built to Spill’s There’s Nothing Wrong With Love on endless repeat. (It was things like this that led to me being voted “He Goes Here?” in my high-school yearbook.) Back at home over the holidays, finding myself reverting to teenagerhood, I had an itch to play Tactics again, because there’s nothing more life-affirming than someone in their 30s trying to re-create their youth.
Not coincidentally, I also had some time to kill. I could have put an emulator on my laptop and plugged away, but I wanted something a little more like what I remember: an old CRT screen and a wired controller. So, I decided to build a little emulator myself, using a Raspberry Pi 3. It took me about 30 minutes in total.
7. Keten Raspberry Pi 3 Power Supply ($8.99)
Once Wi-Fi is up and running, you can transfer over ROMs, which are basically the files of each individual game. Here is where I should say: ROMs are sometimes described as being in a “legal gray area,” but in reality downloading a ROM is in violation of the DMCA and existing copyright laws. Download ROMs at your own risk, and you’re gonna have to find them on your own. Best of luck.
Once you have those programs running, you’ll be able to set up direct file transfers to your Pi. To do this, you’ll need the Pi’s username and password. By default, the username is “pi” and the password is “raspberry” (with no quotes around either).
Whew! This may seem like a lot, but you’re pretty much at the finish line. Drop your ROM files from your computer into the correct emulator system folder (so, for instance, Nintendo games should go in the file named “nes”). You’ll see the game appear instantly, usually, though I found I had to reset RetroPie once or twice to get it to recognize a new game.
From there, scroll to the system you want to play, find the game you want to boot up, and you’re done. While this may seem like a lot of steps, in reality it’s just downloading various programs and getting them up and running. If you really get stuck, this video walks you through every step.
But, if you do happen to have ROMs around, you’ll want to transfer them over. You can load them in via a USB stick, but that’s actually clunkier than just transferring them over your Wi-Fi network. To transfer files, you’ll need to use a SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol) program. WinSCP is the most popular option for Windows users, and on the Mac most people use Cyberduck.
Fresh off the heels of Reddit and the Case of the Missing Legs, today’s optical illusion also comes courtesy of Reddit. Today, the internet’s finest are discussing a picture of a package of sliced ham. Yes, really.
Ever wished your pawpaw’s cane looked like the power button on a Dell desktop? Hey, presto, you’re in luck. The Smart Cane is basically a Medic-Alert bracelet, except it’ll only really work if someone is using the cane. But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t pay $100 more for a cane!
At the end of a long day of blogging, all I want to do is fall into bed. But, ugh, so often the bed is either too firm or not firm enough. Even worse, once I’m asleep, the bed does absolutely nothing during my slumber. But the Sleep Number 360 Smart Bed changes all that. Not only can two people set their own firmness level, but the bed will continuously adjust itself throughout the night to make sure you stay dead asleep. Also: There’s a foot warmer at the base of the bed. Fuck off, socks! I’ve got a Sleep Number 360 Smart Bed.
A year ago — if you can remember that far back — we were all getting ready for the year of the bot. Or, maybe, the year of virtual reality. Tech companies and the press that covers them were prepping us all for a considerable paradigm shift. Buzz was starting to build about chatbots, programs that you conversed with as you would a person. These amazing pieces of software were supposed to harness the power of Natural Language Processing and deep machine learning to change how we interacted with computers (and make a new generation of chatbot middlemen rich). The first consumer virtual-reality headsets were being developed and released; new opportunities for gaming, social networks, journalism, and even activism were being promised. (Not to mention new opportunities for revenue.)
That’s not to say that there isn’t new or potentially transformative tech being developed. The Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers — internet-connected speakers and microphones that communicate with a powerful back-end language-processing system — are fascinating, and quietly popular. And they point to a kind of paradigm shift, in which hardware updates aren’t happening in your home anymore, but on a server farm out in the middle of nowhere. We’re moving past the paradigm of desktop computing and visual interfaces into something very different — a realm where, significantly, software and services don’t require annual upgrade cycles. The Echo is now over two years old, and hasn’t changed much at all since its initial release.
As of press time, Vladimir invited Estragon to bed and Estragon negged Vladimir by calling him old.
The star of the show so far has been the LG Signature OLED TV W. The 65-inch model of this TV is just 2.57 millimeters thin — which is absolutely ludicrous. An iPhone 7 is 7.1 millimeters thin (or, I guess, thick), for example. The LG is just a smidge thicker than three credit cards stacked on top of each other. It’s absurd. And the ability to do that with a huge 65-inch screen is even more impressive. It is mounted to a wall with magnets, giving it the illusion of floating there.
There’s been no price announced on any of these TVs, but expect them to all be expensive right now — the cheapest LG OLED you can get is $2,200, and its most expensive current model is $20,000.
But this year Sony came back with a XBR-A1E Bravia, another absurdly thin OLED screen (though Sony chose to move some of the TV’s internal guts to a kickstand on the back of the TV, meaning you can’t wall-mount it). Also debuting with its own OLED screen was Panasonic with its EZ1002, which promises a pictured “tuned in Hollywood” and a Technics-designed soundbar.
But if enough players start to move into the space, two things might happen. Right now, OLED manufacturing is tremendously difficult, and one of the major bottlenecks for further OLED rollout. More TVs with more OLED screens mean more demand — which could end up forcing greater efficiencies in manufacturing OLED screens (where there’s money, there’s a way).
Two, while the new entrants into the OLED market will initially compete on features like how dazzling the picture is, eventually someone is going to decide to start taking other companies out at the knees on price. Either way, the day of the sub-$1,000 OLED screen may not be too far off.
What nobody is showing off this year are curved TVs. This shouldn’t be surprising — in the past year, curved TVs have often been priced more cheaply than their flatter counterparts, showing how much consumers weren’t buying into the curved-screen revolution. While some manufacturers say they still plan to bring some to market, curved screens — much like 3-D TVs — are going to quickly fade away.
If you thought a new year meant we might finally be rid of the viral influence of Candace “Chewbacca Mom” Payne, think again. While in labor earlier this week, Michigan woman Katie Stricker Curtis decided to don a Chewbacca mask and have a little, um, fun while waiting to give birth to daughter Jayden.
Facebook has hired CNN anchor Campbell Brown as its new head of news partnerships. “I will be working directly with our partners to help them understand how Facebook can expand the reach of their journalism, and contribute value to their businesses,” Brown wrote in an announcement (on Facebook). “That also means making sure there is ongoing feedback from publishers as Facebook develops new products and tools for news organizations.”
“Just because I’m about to be a mom doesn’t mean I have to grow up!,” Stricker Curtis captioned the short clip on Facebook, which more than 10,000 people and counting have already watched. “Best Christmas gift ever!” Though frankly contractions sound like even less fun in Shyriiwook than your regular human screams.
Welcome to the world, Jayden, and major congrats to Katie both for her viral fame and that whole creating-new-life thing. Only 164 million or so views to usurp the one true Chewbacca Mom title from Candace.
In other words, Brown will be trying to make nice with the news organizations that have become both dependent on and hugely suspicious of Facebook’s power over attention and distribution. “Right now we are watching a massive transformation take place in the news business — both in the way people consume news and in the way reporters disseminate news,” Campbell wrote this morning. “Facebook is a major part of this transformation.” This is a nice way of saying that Facebook has devastated pretty much every news organizations’ business model by controlling an outsize amount of traffic that they receive. If you don’t play by Facebook’s rules, you leave a lot of potential audience members on the table. The swings in traffic that accompany Facebook’s algorithm tweaks can make establishing a sustainable business model increasingly volatile.
It’s a noteworthy hire, in part because of what Brown’s new job isn’t. Amidst a glut of misinformation and outright hoaxes that pervade Facebook (otherwise known as, yeah, “fake news”), media commentators have argued that Facebook needs an ombudsman or editor-in-chief — someone whose responsibility is editorial quality control. Brown’s job is business development, not editorial; she’s not responsible for eliminating fake news so much as making Facebook a welcome place for news organizations — and the ad dollars that Facebook hopes might accompany them. And her background — Brown spent years at CNN and NBC — makes it clear which news organizations in particular Facebook is interested in.
It’s not surprising that Facebook is trying to create a runway for TV-news organizations to bring their segments and talent to Facebook. The company has long been open about its desire to grab some of the lucrative TV advertising market, and its recent push into video (and especially live video) show Facebook’s interest in creating a television-like experience. Brown can help Facebook figure out how it can be TV, and help TV figure out how it can be Facebook. And anyone expecting anything more from Facebook will be kept waiting.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence on Friday afternoon put out a new report titled “Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections,” straightforwardly recapping a lot of what independent research has already determined. If you’ve only been vaguely paying attention to the story of Russian interference, this is a good opportunity to catch up.
Did Russia’s actions cause Trump’s win? The way you answer that is likely going to be determined by your politics. But they certainly didn’t hurt, and the report does note that Russia now has an effective playbook for interfering in the democratic process for years to come.
Jobs had more than just the reputation of the iPhone to contend with. CES was happening at the same time, and it was Jobs’s hope that the iPhone would steal headlines away from whatever was being debuted in Vegas that day. But there was still a nagging problem: In virtually every rehearsal Jobs had done with the phone, it would run out of memory at some point, causing the phone to crash and restart. The only fix was to have multiple backups on hand.
McCullough goes on to explain what happened after — how Jobs had to be convinced to actually create an App Store (he wanted developers to simply do everything in Safari), and the struggle to get the next version of the iPhone, the iPhone 3G, off the slow-as-hell Edge data networks.
Jobs unveiling the iPhone is often pointed to as the pinnacle in tech presentations — one of the few times where the hype and grandeur actually matched the device on display. But it wasn’t just a master class in marketing and showmanship; it was a technological roll of the dice that ended up changing the world.
In April of 2016, Kristi Loyall discovered a lump on her right pinky toe. “My surgeon said there was like a 1 in 100,000 chance it’d be cancer,” Loyall told Select All. It was, and just a few days after being diagnosed, Loyall’s right foot had to be amputated. But Loyall knew she and her right foot weren’t done with each other just yet. She convinced her doctors to let her keep the foot — cleaned up, of course — and today the 25-year-old (and now cancer-free) Oklahoman runs an Instagram account called @OneFootWander devoted to photographing her lost limb.
Amazon’s settings allow users to turn off voice purchasing, and customers can return accidental voice purchases for free. They don’t appear to offer any solution for the emotional toll of a mystery dollhouse showing up on your stoop one day.
What followed, according to CW6, was that “viewers all over San Diego started complaining their Echo devices had tried to order dollhouses.”
In one recent instance, a young child ordered a dollhouse and four pounds of cookies. “I love the little girl, saying ‘Alexa ordered me a dollhouse,’” morning host Jim Patton remarked after the story aired.
Last week, San Diego’s local CW6 news station broadcast a report about children using Amazon’s Echo speaker to order items. The device — which helpfully relays weather forecasts and plays music — is also a Trojan horse for Amazon to offer yet another conduit through which you can give them money.
Really, the first thought I had was to ask if I could keep it. My oncologist thought I was kidding.
That’s kind of amazing. Did you know what you’d do with it right then? Or did you just know you didn’t want to part with your foot forever?
I was thinking it’d be a cool conversation piece. Like if someone walked into my house and I was like “Hey, btw, that’s my real foot.”
What was the process like getting your medical team to, well, give you the foot?
After they realized I was serious I just had to sign some forms and constantly remind everyone I wanted to keep it. The nurse told me to tell everyone so it didn’t accidentally get disposed of.
Smart move. Once you got home with the foot what inspired you to start Instagramming with it?
One of my cousin’s friends said I should start an Instagram for it and I thought that was such a brilliant idea I just had to do it. There are a lot of strange pages but nothing quite like a real articulated human foot.
That is for sure. I think that’s why it jumped out to me. I also love the account name. Was that your idea? How did that come about?
Yeah, I had a few options, It was between ‘onefootwander’ and ‘onefootwonder.’ I think the one with the ‘o’ was taken already, and I liked wander better because I want to travel and photograph my foot.
Makes sense to me … as far as amputated-foot Instagram accounts go! So how do you pick where to shoot the foot?
Do people ever ask questions about it while you’re shooting?
I’ve always really had an interest in photography so I just try to get unusual shots, or things I know I can make a joke from.
What is your favorite place or position you’ve photographed your foot? What about the weirdest?
The weirdest was probably when I got a picture of my newborn nephew holding it. My favorite is probably the one with my dog, Kaizer. She’s my big blue-eyed baby. I also like taking photos of it at abandoned places. I’m into urban exploration.
People are always asking if it’s real. They don’t believe it when they see it, because it’s been whitened. Most people say really kind things, as opposed to being grossed out by it.
That’s good. So, what do you mean whitened? Is that what makes it look like the fake skeleton I remember from biology class?
Ha ha, yes, I think so. It was part of the articulation process. I’m not exactly sure what they did to get it so white, but I know they took the flesh off, then bugs ate the rest. And then they degreased and whitened it.
Wow, that’s, um, graphic! So this might be a strange question, but have you named the foot?
Ha ha, I have … my friends and I jokingly call it Achilles.
Yeah! I’m hoping eventually I will actually be able to travel outside of Oklahoma with it.
Solid name for a foot. So do you plan to keep up the Instagram account with Achilles?
That sounds great. A foot needs to see the world!
It’s true! And it gives me a reason to as well.
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
If you’re looking for a new job this year, Spotify just posted a new company listing for a “President of Playlists.” “In this position you will be overseeing our music curation and playlists team, across offices around the world,” Spotify explains on its website. However, the job also has a few specific experience requirements I’m going to go out on a limb and say you probably don’t have.
One of the standout themes of this year’s Consumer Electronics Show was a surge in interesting PC laptops. Apple, once the high-water mark for laptop design, has stumbled as of late, and hot on its heels is an army of new PC laptops, many of which are showing off innovative industrial design, beastly specs, or a price that allows a full-featured laptop to cost about the same as a couple of parking tickets. Some ideas to look forward to in 2017 or beyond as you consider replacing your laptop.
Hmmm. If only there was somebody out there who is about to be unemployed and fit this description.
Some of the more interesting ones on display included the the Asus C302CA Convertible Chromebook, the Samsung Chromebook Pro, the long-lasting Toshiba’s Portégé X20W, and the business-oriented Dell Latitude 7285.
Buying a gaming laptop can seem mystifying to both general users and hardcore PC gamers. General users may be turned off by the Mountain Dew Code Gamer aesthetics of your average gaming PC. Hardcore gamers can build a desktop PC with equivalent specs for half the price of your average gaming laptop (and be able to upgrade it throughout its lifespan as well, which some gaming laptops are unable to do).
But! Check in on various PC gaming message boards and you’ll see tons of questions asking about the best gaming laptop. There’s a market for people who either want a portable way to play graphically demanding games or just like the idea of something portable for a LAN party.
Also known as “convertible” laptops, these are computers that can function in two ways — as a traditional hinged laptop, with the screen sticking up and keyboard in front of you, or with the screen flipped all the way over to the backside of the keyboard and existing essentially as a large handheld tablet. These have been around for more than a decade, but lately have made a real comeback.
For the average laptop buyer, who probably needs something for a combination of schoolwork or business and entertainment, convertible laptops neatly split the difference between the two uses. You can type up a term paper or put together a PowerPoint, and then switch into tablet mode to watch a movie or mess around with games. Windows 10 still has issues with needing to be an OS for both keyboard and mouse and touch-based input, but it’s getting better (and Google is reportedly working on its “Andromeda” OS that seeks to solve that problem).
So, this year we saw Razer’s three-screen prototype (two of which were apparently stolen from CES?), monstrosities like 21-inch Acer Predator ($9,000), Samsung entering the fray with its Notebook Odyssey line of gaming laptops, the relatively subdued Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming, and many more. You don’t see this many new laptops, or new companies in a space, without number-crunchers somewhere determining there’s a viable market.
Two or three years ago, most laptop manufacturers were shamelessly aping the look of Apple’s MacBooks, aluminum unibodys and all. But this year you saw entrants like Lenovo’s Miix 720, which is about as direct an homage and/or rip-off of Microsoft’s Surface Pro series as you can get. Microsoft’s early hardware stumbles in this decade are well documented (the original Surface resulted in nearly $1 billion in losses for Redmond), but it seems that continuing to forge ahead is paying off. It can be argued that the resurgence of two-in-one laptops is a direct response to the success of Microsoft’s own Surface Book as well.
A new report in Forbes claims notorious troll Chuck Johnson has the ear of the Trump transition and is helping vet candidates for positions in the new administration. According to the article, by Ryan Mac and Matt Drange, Johnson, the ultra-right-wing journalist mostly known for harassing people on Twitter before being permanently banned for harassment in 2015, is using his connections with right-wing bigwigs like Peter Thiel and Steve Bannon to exert some influence over the process.
Instagram is reportedly testing new video ads to be shown within Instagram Stories. An anonymous ad-agency executive told Ad Age the Facebook-owned company has begun the test by rolling out the ads with a small group of “publishers and content creators.” Which means you won’t be seeing ads in stories from your friends. At least, not yet.
Also, the name Yahoo (stylized: Yahoo!) is dead. According to the filing, “The Board also determined that, following the Closing, it intends to cause the Company’s name to be changed to Altaba Inc.”
As Yahoo moves to close its sale to Verizon, the company is making a few major changes. The first is that Marissa Mayer, who joined the company in 2012 in an attempt to save it, will no longer serve as CEO. The company’s board will be reduced to five seats, down from 11 previously.
Altaba. A name that rolls off the tongue like the third runner-up of TechCrunch Disrupt, or a pill advertised during golf tournaments. The most recent WHOIS records for the altaba.com domain show that Yahoo has owned the URL since at least late October of last year, so this isn’t a sudden development.
The update follows the announcement that Facebook is testing mid-roll ads, or ads which begin after a viewer has watched a video for a set number of seconds. The ads begin playing after viewers have watched for at least 20 seconds and are only available for videos over 90 seconds in length. “Facebook will sell the ads and share the revenue with publishers, giving them 55 percent of all sales,” Recode reported earlier today. And frankly, it’s not that surprising to see Instagram toying with advertisements. Snapchat has them, so it was only a matter of time.
Mark Zuckerberg enjoys a good Facebook post. Whether he’s letting you know how many miles he plans to run, how many books he plans to read, or how many robots he plans to build, it seems like Zuck is always posting. But if you want to block the Facebook founder and avoid his incessant posting … you can’t.
Blocking Mark, in the hypothetical, would mean he would no longer be able to see posts on your timeline, tag you in posts, chat with you, friend you, or invite you to events. We’ve reached out to Facebook and will update this post if we hear back. Until then, just keep ignoring all those invites Zuck keeps sending you for his improv shows. He’ll get the hint eventually .
Back in 2000, Eugenia Zuroski, then studying to earn her M.A./Ph.D. at Brown University, purchased a copy of Consuming Subjects: Women, Shopping, and Business in the Eighteenth Century by Elizabeth Kowaleski-Wallace. She wrote her name and the year in the upper-right-hand corner of the title page, but somewhere over the decade that followed, Zuroski, who is now an associate professor of English at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, lost track of her copy. “I know I moved it with me from Providence to Haverford, Pennsylvania, then to Fayetteville, Arkansas, and then up here to Hamilton,” Zuroski told Select All. “But four or five years ago I must have lent it to a student and it just didn’t come back. It happens.”
This December, she decided it was “silly” that she didn’t have her own copy of Consuming Subjects, given that she frequently recommends it to her students, “which is why I lent it out to begin with.” She ordered “the cheapest used copy available” from Amazon and thought nothing else of it. When the book arrived — shipped via Thriftbooks.com in St. Louis — Zuroski “wondered whether it would feel weird to read someone else’s copy of this book, with someone else’s underlining and marginalia.” But upon opening the cover, she realized she wouldn’t need to worry. Weirdly, the copy she purchased was the book she lost all those years back.
As for what the book is, you know, actually about, Zuroski says Consuming Subjects is very apropos for her recent book reunion. “It’s in part about how women’s shopping practices since the 18th century encourage us to identify with the objects we purchase.”
“I turned the book over and noticed that the original price sticker on the back looked an awful lot like the Brown Bookstore label on my copy. Then I opened it to the title page and saw my handwriting: ‘Eugenia Zuroski / March 2000,’” Zuroski says. “My heart actually started racing.” Zuroski says she doesn’t remember whom she loaned the book to and she now keeps better track of which students are borrowing her texts.
Because apparently nothing is sacred, Hasbro is holding an open vote to let people select a new set of Monopoly tokens. There are 64 token choices and the poll, which you can find here, is open for another three weeks. In case you haven’t played Monopoly recently, the existing tokens include a top hat, thimble, battleship, shoe, Scottie dog, car, wheelbarrow, and cat. If you’re a Monopoly diehard — which, different strokes I guess — you probably already know that the cat used to be an iron, until it was swapped out in 2013.
The MTA, working with Transit Wireless, has now rolled out free Wi-Fi and cell service to nearly every underground subway station in its system — 277 in total. (Four remaining stations, South Ferry, Prospect Avenue, 53rd Street, and Bay Ridge are either undergoing or are about to undergo renovations; they’ll get Wi-Fi and cell service as well once they reopen.)
It’s been a mammoth undertaking, says Bill Bayne, CEO of Transit Wireless and a daily subway rider (“I mainly take the 4, 5, or 6,” he says). To get service to all stations, Transit Wireless had to do everything from lay 120 miles of fiber cable to design equipment that could withstand the extreme conditions of NYC subways, which (as any commuter can attest) can be freezing cold in winter and sticky, hot hell in summer.
While plenty of sites have wised up and now use HTTPS by default, there are still many that don’t. “Major enterprises, a lot of Fortune 500 companies, they’re doing what they need to be doing when it comes to implementing basic HTTPS,” says Heid. “On the flip side, a lot of medium- and small-sized business don’t make use of it properly. It’s a fairly complicated thing.”
With 5,000 Wi-Fi hotspots and 4,000 cell antennas in place, Bayne estimates they’ll be seeing 800 terabytes of throughput a month through the system by the end of 2017. And you’re free to suck up as much bandwidth as you want — go nuts on Netflix if you want. “We see people in inclement weather who will go down into the stations, hang out, drink coffee, and watch videos,” says Bayne. “It’s pretty incredible.”
Quick rule of thumb: While sending traffic to https://www.somewebsite.com is relatively secure, http://www.somewebsite.com is not. “These are need-to-know things when it comes to public Wi-Fi,” says Alex Heid, chief research officer at SecurityScorecard. HTTPS (or Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer — quite the catchy name!) encrypts the data sent between users and websites. HTTP sites do not — and it’s trivial to use a “packet sniffer” to capture the unencrypted data sent between users and websites.
But just like when you jump on that Wi-Fi signal at Starbucks, there are things you want to do keep yourself safe. Here are three things to keep in mind while enjoying the MTA’s largesse.
So, say someone is sitting on the same open Wi-Fi network as you and they’re using a packet sniffer. If you go to a HTTP site, they can see everything that you’re sending to the website, and everything the website is sending back to you. If you go to a HTTPS site, they can see that you’re sending data — but that data is encrypted, meaning it’ll be gibberish to our hypothetical hacker. (Back in 2010, before Facebook switched over HTTPS, it was comically easy to sit in a coffee shop or library and hijack someone else’s Facebook account.)
So the danger is, if you reuse the same username and password across multiple sites (though you really should just use a password manager), entering your username and password on an unencrypted HTTP site means you’ve potentially exposed yourself to getting hacked.
“The best practice is to understand the sites you’re using and make sure they’re secure sites,” says Transit Wireless’s Bayne. “Whether you’re in a retail outlet, library, park, or subway, be cognizant and cautious about the sites you’re using to protect your own interests.”
And for what it’s worth, it’s still possible to defeat HTTPS. Exploits like Heartbleed, POODLE, Drown — these all broke the “Secure Socket Layer” part of HTTPS. “Encryption is a math problem; people are always solving the math problems,” says Heid. There are also things like “Evil Twin” attacks, ARP spoofing, or an SSL strip, but once you’re in this territory it’s a bit like worrying about being hit by a meteor while also being struck by lightning — it could happen, but it’s unlikely, and you wouldn’t have much control over it regardless. Just keep an eye on that URL.
But if you want to be 100 percent safe, Heid says there’s a much easier way to avoid all this angst: Use a VPN (virtual private network) service. If you’re super cheap and technically minded, Amazon offers a free VPN you can set up on any Android or iOS device. If you want something with fewer tech headaches, there’s a whole range of VPN services out there, most available for a few dollars a month.
But let’s say you’re stuck at Atlantic Terminal and you really need to log in to a site that doesn’t use HTTPS and you’re not on a VPN. Then your best bet is to avoid Wi-Fi altogether.
VPNs won’t protect you against every threat. You can still get phished or hit by other social-engineering attacks (though these types of attack work regardless of the type of Wi-Fi network you’re on). But using a VPN will already put you far ahead of the pack when it comes to being secure while using an open Wi-Fi network. Much like running from a bear, you don’t need to be the fastest — you just need to be harder to catch than someone else.
“It’s always better to just make use of your data plan,” says Heid. “You’re only trusting your data carrier to your data, instead of to a bunch of random ad hoc third-party data carriers.” Depending on the size of your bill, you may not have the warmest feelings toward your cell-phone company, but one thing they are pretty good at is encrypting the data you send over their networks. Absent a major data breach of your cell-phone carrier’s servers, your information will be safe.
All VPNs will do the same thing: prevent anyone examining the Wi-Fi network you happen from seeing anything except that you’re connecting to the VPN of your choice — and nothing else. None of the data you pass back and forth will be visible except as gibberish. You no longer need to worry about whether you’re on a HTTP or HTTPS site because everything you send and receive is protected.
It’s great that the MTA has put in Wi-Fi at so many stations (and, for what it’s worth, Transit Wireless’s Bayne says they’re working on extending that connectivity into the tunnels themselves as well), and most of the time, you should feel fine using them. “With free Wi-Fi browsing, if you’re on a network and you see HTTPS and everything looks as it should — chances are it’s fine,” says Heid. But it doesn’t hurt take these extra precautions while using the MTA’s Wi-Fi network — even if the dangers you face while using that network are different than what you’d face at Starbucks.
“The coffee-shop-style attacks don’t fly on the subway,” says Heid. “Users aren’t there for long periods of time. You have to be moving along with the target to really get it to work.” But Heid does admit the MTA’s Wi-Fi system presents its own unique temptation to hackers — while they may not be able to stay with a target for a long time, simply by sitting still at a busy station like Times Square or Grand Central they’ll have access to thousands of people, heads down, checking their phones while waiting for a train. A hacker’s chances for success may be lower than at a coffee shop — but they’ll have a lot more chances.
Among the new options are several emoji-themed tokens, including a kissing-face emoji and Rich Uncle Pennybags a.k.a. That Monopoly Dude With The Mustache and Hat as an emoji. There is also a hashtag because that will undoubtedly make all the cool teens clamor to play an IRL board game that takes several hours to complete and forces you to do mental math. Yes. Good plan.
On the upside, at least there wasn’t a gorilla option.
For the past few years, Apple has been filing patents and staffing up on engineers who specialize in augmented reality (AR), virtual reality’s more sophisticated cousin. (AR technology, like that seen in Pokémon Go, places computer-generated imagery onto the real world, unlike VR, which replaces your field of vision entirely.) Now, tech blogger Robert Scoble says he’s got confirmation Apple and high-end optics company Zeiss AG will be releasing AR glasses — this year.
To put some caveats up front: This is based off one Facebook post by Scoble. And Robert Scoble has a history of being, um, unreasonably passionate about new tech, and specifically tech-enabled eyewear.
And during an interview with Good Morning America in September, he similarly enthused: “My own view is that augmented reality is the larger of the two, probably by far, because this gives the capability for both of us to sit and be very present talking to each other, but also have other things visually for both of us to see …”
But unnamed Zeiss staffers at CES aside, there is evidence to support Apple is serious about AR.
First off, CEO Tim Cook has given several enthusiastic, public quotes about the technology, saying he sees it as much more viable than virtual reality. At a tech conference in Utah this October, Cook said he thinks AR will become part of the fabric of everyday life. “I do think that a significant portion of the population of developed countries, and eventually all countries, will have AR experiences every day, almost like eating three meals a day, it will become that much a part of you,” said Cook. “AR is going to take a while, because there are some really hard technology challenges there. But it will happen, it will happen in a big way, and we will wonder when it does, how we ever lived without it. Like we wonder how we lived without our phone today.”
Then there’s the number of patents that Apple has filed. Apple (and all tech companies) file tech patents on a very regular basis, many of which never see the light of day. But some of the big ones in the past year include those for a way to use the iPhone’s sensors to overlay information on top of live video; a way for a phone to place itself in 3-D space using the phone’s camera; and a patent for some very goofball glasses that Apple filed way back in 2008 and has been continuously updating since.
Beyond Scoble’s Facebook post, there’s no indication that Apple is planning on partnering with Zeiss (though Zeiss has worked with Apple in the past), or that any Apple AR product will hit market this year. And Apple also has a history of of pouring resources into projects, such as its self-driving car, before deciding to scale back its ambitions.
Finally, in an earnings call in July, Cook used the success of Pokémon Go to talk more broadly about AR: “It also does show that AR can be really great. We have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run; we think there’s great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.”
Last, Apple has acquired key AR companies and hired hundreds of staffers and engineers who specialize in augmented reality and virtual reality, including engineers from Oculus Rift and Magic Leap.
Still, virtual reality was supposed to really break out 2016. It didn’t. While a number of VR headsets launched last year, you can’t call any of them an unqualified success. So there’s little indication that Apple will end up stepping into the arena of virtual reality — but it has all those VR and AR researchers working in Cupertino now.
If Apple does end up in the business of putting digitally created imagery right in front of your eyeballs, safe money is that it will end up being in the field of augmented reality.
Among myriad concerns surrounding a Donald Trump presidency, somewhere right in the center of the list — maybe just slightly closer to the bottom than the top in terms of importance — is his relation to the press. Or more accurately: the way in which he uses it. Depending on whom you ask, Trump is either a masterful manipulator of the media, or an unhinged lunatic with an itchy trigger finger hovering millimeters over a big red button that says “TWEET.”
Well, I think that piece has been overstated. There’s definitely stuff to talk about and write about, but I think that’s not mainly what Trump is about. I think Trump is about particular ideas and style, which, obviously, the media convey. So, he’s a demagogue, and, you know, we had demagogues in the age of radio and we had demagogues in the age of television. He’s a demagogue for the age of social media, but I don’t think those things are so fundamentally different. I don’t think Trump never could have succeeded were people still getting their news from the three networks, for example. I think those kinds of claims, or constructs, are not very persuasive.
I do think there’s a lot to talk about and think about about how he has used and exploited the media very effectively. And, in some ways, differently from other candidates and other politicians. First, obviously, is Twitter. One thing people will say, and he is wrong, is that Twitter gives Trump a direct pipeline to the public to express his view. Well, look, presidents and politicians have always had that. They’d go on TV, they could go on radio, they could give speeches, they could issue press releases. And, especially once they held office, that was actually a pretty direct channel. And yes, the media then sort of learned how to kind of fight back and offer an interpretation to the presidential message. When presidents first started giving prime-time Oval Office addresses, you didn’t have the kind of postgame analysis that they learned to develop as a way of making sure they weren’t just stenographers, that they weren’t just conveying the presidential message without due skepticism, and critique, and interpretation and so on.
Obviously there’s a lot of talk about Trump and the way he uses social media to … get his thoughts out there, for lack of a better phrase. In the grand scheme of things, does Trump’s use of the media and social media differ that much from presidents past?Well, I think that piece has been overstated. There’s definitely stuff to talk about and write about, but I think that’s not mainly what Trump is about. I think Trump is about particular ideas and style, which, obviously, the media convey. So, he’s a demagogue, and, you know, we had demagogues in the age of radio and we had demagogues in the age of television. He’s a demagogue for the age of social media, but I don’t think those things are so fundamentally different. I don’t think Trump never could have succeeded were people still getting their news from the three networks, for example. I think those kinds of claims, or constructs, are not very persuasive.
But that’s not what’s distinctive about Twitter. What’s distinctive about Twitter, I think, is the form. One thing that we know Twitter for is “Twitter wars.” It’s a format that is particularly friendly to short, angry bursts, back-and-forth volleys — quick, often unreflective outbursts. That’s something that Trump has done that’s different. Obama had a Twitter feed and there were pieces about how significant it was that this was the first presidential Twitter feed, but you’d be hard-pressed to think of a single tweet of Obama’s that was really memorable. So Trump is using it differently. In my book, I write about how Calvin Coolidge doesn’t get credit as a great radio pioneer even though he had the first radio inaugural address, the first radio broadcast nomination acceptance address, first broadcast State of the Union address. Because his were basically regular speeches to which you hooked up a microphone and a wire and could reach California and that was significant. But it was Franklin Roosevelt who, with “fireside chats,” actually wrote speeches for radio, wrote shorter speeches, wrote speeches using colloquial language, made them very policy-specific. He perceived of the whole project as a radio project. That’s, I think, what was different.
How does the perception that Trump isn’t focus-testing his communication change how it’s received? Do you think it’s permanently changed how presidents will communicate/altered conventional understanding of presidential decorum?I have a lot in my book about “authenticity.” This is kind of a bullshit word, because it’s used to mean a lot of different things. But since Theodore Roosevelt — and even more so, I’d say, since Jimmy Carter — we’ve put a premium on politicians and political speech and behavior that seems genuine, heartfelt, honest, and reflective of who the person really is. People are fed up with a lot of different aspects of politics, from the failure to get stuff done to the failure to speak plainly. Trump harnessed his unfiltered, shoot-from-the-hip style to a message that was also about change and shaking up Washington (Obama had done the same in 2008; McCain, too; and so had many others before them). People liked the straight talk because it seemed to cut through so much of the spin and obfuscation that they felt was standing in the way of political progress. Now, authenticity is often contrived, at least in part. I have an anecdote in the book about Eisenhower throwing away his prepared speeches to speak from the heart and getting rave reviews (How many movies have had their heroes doing something similar?). It was a stunt. And we know that Trump was never wholly spontaneous in his communications — he worked with Kellyanne Conway and Roger Stone and others long before he went to run. I’ve heard that he doesn’t do all his own tweeting, either. He obviously can be calculating and deliberate in his messaging, and he is a champion flip-flopper (flip-flopping is allegedly the antithesis of authenticity — authenticity requires consistency).
In The Republic of Spin: An Inside History of the American Presidency, historian David Greenberg chronicles a century-long history of the executive branch and the reporters that cover it. Reading it, I was, in some vague way, comforted by the extent to which Trump resembles his forebears. A century ago, Theodore Roosevelt was coddling reporters in off-the-record meetings, blacklisting those who didn’t cater to his agenda, and taking flak from the old guard for using his celebrity as a war hero to further his political aims. “To criticize Roosevelt for love of the camera and the headline is childish,” philosopher John Dewey wrote at the time, “unless we recognize that in such criticism we are condemning the very conditions of any public success during this period.” It’s a defense that, verbatim, applies to Trump today. Has social media really changed the way that leaders like Trump operate? Over the phone and email this week, I asked Greenberg about the new frontiers of presidential communications; what follows is an edited transcript of our conversations.
I have a lot in my book about “authenticity.” This is kind of a bullshit word, because it’s used to mean a lot of different things. But since Theodore Roosevelt — and even more so, I’d say, since Jimmy Carter — we’ve put a premium on politicians and political speech and behavior that seems genuine, heartfelt, honest, and reflective of who the person really is. People are fed up with a lot of different aspects of politics, from the failure to get stuff done to the failure to speak plainly. Trump harnessed his unfiltered, shoot-from-the-hip style to a message that was also about change and shaking up Washington (Obama had done the same in 2008; McCain, too; and so had many others before them). People liked the straight talk because it seemed to cut through so much of the spin and obfuscation that they felt was standing in the way of political progress. Now, authenticity is often contrived, at least in part. I have an anecdote in the book about Eisenhower throwing away his prepared speeches to speak from the heart and getting rave reviews (How many movies have had their heroes doing something similar?). It was a stunt. And we know that Trump was never wholly spontaneous in his communications — he worked with Kellyanne Conway and Roger Stone and others long before he went to run. I’ve heard that he doesn’t do all his own tweeting, either. He obviously can be calculating and deliberate in his messaging, and he is a champion flip-flopper (flip-flopping is allegedly the antithesis of authenticity — authenticity requires consistency).
Will this change presidential communication? It’s hard to say. I think that for decades we’ve been moving to a more informal, even populist style of presidential communication. And so I think this continues that trajectory. That doesn’t mean everyone in the future will talk like Trump — they won’t — but we will adjust to a president who angrily insults other politicians and public figures, who denies that he said what we heard him say, and so much else. And so we won’t recoil in the future in quite the same way from other politicians who do these things. Trump will normalize, to a degree, his undecorous, unpresidential habits of speech and behavior.
Not sure what he strives for with it. He does all those things with his tweeting. I think he goes online when he wants to command the headlines in a quick and easy way. It’s easier than convening a news conference or issuing a press release or a formal statement.
Do you think Trump’s Twitter style serves a primary purpose? Is it primarily to sell his political persona, advance an agenda, distract reporters? All of the above?Not sure what he strives for with it. He does all those things with his tweeting. I think he goes online when he wants to command the headlines in a quick and easy way. It’s easier than convening a news conference or issuing a press release or a formal statement.
What is the history of the notion that if the president says something it is inherently news? Where did that come from, and is that outdated?I think it’s something that thoughtful journalists have for a while, for 40 or 50 years, recognized as outdated but have not been able to wean themselves from. If you look at 19th-century presidents, presidents really didn’t say that much. They weren’t constantly issuing press releases. They weren’t weighing in on every policy or development. And, one thing that makes Theodore Roosevelt so remarkable, and it’s why I start the book with him, is that TR really pioneered this notion of going around the country giving speeches on a particular topic and getting press for it. I don’t want to overstate it, but most previous presidents thought, well, news happens. That they go about their business, and they give their speeches and they would make decisions. And when they did those things they would get news coverage, but they weren’t floating trial balloons and they weren’t engaging in public relations and they weren’t arguing for policies through the press. And that’s what Roosevelt starts to do. I think by Wilson and certainly by the ’20s you have White House photo ops. Hellen Keller comes to the White House, and there’s a story about it, this sort of soft news, the president capturing the public eye is already the case.
I think it’s something that thoughtful journalists have for a while, for 40 or 50 years, recognized as outdated but have not been able to wean themselves from. If you look at 19th-century presidents, presidents really didn’t say that much. They weren’t constantly issuing press releases. They weren’t weighing in on every policy or development. And, one thing that makes Theodore Roosevelt so remarkable, and it’s why I start the book with him, is that TR really pioneered this notion of going around the country giving speeches on a particular topic and getting press for it. I don’t want to overstate it, but most previous presidents thought, well, news happens. That they go about their business, and they give their speeches and they would make decisions. And when they did those things they would get news coverage, but they weren’t floating trial balloons and they weren’t engaging in public relations and they weren’t arguing for policies through the press. And that’s what Roosevelt starts to do. I think by Wilson and certainly by the ’20s you have White House photo ops. Hellen Keller comes to the White House, and there’s a story about it, this sort of soft news, the president capturing the public eye is already the case.
By the late ’60s early ’70s, journalist are starting to realize that they’re overdoing it. There are so many White House beat reporters. Do they all need to be there for every routine announcement? So there are people in that period, in the early ’70s, it’s a period where there’s a lot of questioning of journalistic routines going on. But they never can quite figure out how to redefine the role.
I wanted to ask about a popular sort of theory that has been floating around online is that, that Trump times his tweets to distract from some damaging news story that’s come out. Do you think that’s the case at all? Or is that people just seeing conspiracies where none exist?Well, I wouldn’t call that a conspiracy exactly. I think that’s an old trick. Theodore Roosevelt learned to announce bad news on Friday so it would be kind of buried in the Saturday papers. For years we’ve heard stories about presidents or politicians making an announcement to try to steal the thunder from something else. I don’t think there’s actually anything wrong with it. It’s really the job of the press to judge for themselves whether they should run with the new “Trump said” story or stick with the story they meant to cover. I mean, the first time this occurred to me was when Trump lost the Iowa caucus and it seemed like — for the first time since he made his comments about Mexicans being rapists — the spotlight was off him and on Ted Cruz. Even though he had sort of disavowed the issue he suddenly comes out with the Cruz birther issue. He didn’t really care about that issue, he sure was done with it in a few days, but it served his purpose in that it got everybody talking, and I was just amazed by how many people were suddenly talking about the Cruz birther issue. It totally got people focused back on Trump.
When I started off, I was a journalist for several years before I went and got my history degree; I worked for Bob Woodward as his assistant. He felt like you [journalists] do way too much of this beat reporting. You should pare the beat reporting to the bone and just have people do investigative projects, long-term projects, enterprise reporting, and the proportions of a reporting staff of a major newspaper should be refigured. That’s still a problem that journalists are wrestling with. These problems are not new with Trump. I think for 40 or 50 years, journalists have been aware of the superfluousness of a lot of what they do in terms of the daily coverage. But they haven’t quite found a way to say, “Well, I don’t need to do this.” There are things that journalists, and newspapers, do decide not to cover. So I’m not sure why Donald Trump’s tweets need to go into the must-cover category rather than the sometimes-cover category.
Well, I wouldn’t call that a conspiracy exactly. I think that’s an old trick. Theodore Roosevelt learned to announce bad news on Friday so it would be kind of buried in the Saturday papers. For years we’ve heard stories about presidents or politicians making an announcement to try to steal the thunder from something else. I don’t think there’s actually anything wrong with it. It’s really the job of the press to judge for themselves whether they should run with the new “Trump said” story or stick with the story they meant to cover. I mean, the first time this occurred to me was when Trump lost the Iowa caucus and it seemed like — for the first time since he made his comments about Mexicans being rapists — the spotlight was off him and on Ted Cruz. Even though he had sort of disavowed the issue he suddenly comes out with the Cruz birther issue. He didn’t really care about that issue, he sure was done with it in a few days, but it served his purpose in that it got everybody talking, and I was just amazed by how many people were suddenly talking about the Cruz birther issue. It totally got people focused back on Trump.
Do you think he’s better at deflecting controversy than past presidential figures?He doesn’t really deflect it. He just kind of rides it. I do think he’s got a level of Teflon that probably would make Reagan envious. I’m hardly the first one to say this — that anyone that insults every single ethnic group, who says with McCain “I prefer soldiers that don’t get captured,” who insults the Pope and Ruth Bader Ginsburg and sort of one respectable figure after another and doesn’t really pay a price for it — has a certain kind of Teflon. On the other hand, he does pay a price for it. Despite being elected president, he has these very low approval ratings. People don’t necessarily like these things about him. Even people who voted for him don’t necessarily like him. Maybe it’s because he does a good job of sort of playing the anti-media card but that’s something that Nixon did and Bush did and a lot of, even some Democrats have done. I guess I would say that he does seem to be especially adept at it. I don’t know if he’s in a whole other league or just seems to have found a way that worked well for him.
The one thing I was going to mention before is, I think, without overdoing the comparison, there’s a strong element of Joe McCarthy and his M.O. here. If you read the way that journalists wrote about McCarthy, wrote about their experiences covering McCarthy, they describe something similar. McCarthy would level an accusation that so-and-so is a Communist and everybody would go chasing after it like a bunch of dogs chasing after the tennis ball. And they would then ask this person, “Are you a Communist?” and they would dig into the story and they’d find no, the person is not really a Communist, maybe they’d been in the Communist Party when they were like 22 for six months or whatever. But then, by that time, McCarthy would be onto another accusation, you know? He sustained attention. The fact that these previous accusations didn’t pan out didn’t seem to teach the reporters that, “Maybe, let’s just not report it.” They still felt, “Well, he’s got his committee, you know? He’s a major figure. We still have to report it. It’s still news.” So they struggled with this question of: Is it news? It’s a very similar kind of question, I think, that people are dealing with in the case of Trump.
He doesn’t really deflect it. He just kind of rides it. I do think he’s got a level of Teflon that probably would make Reagan envious. I’m hardly the first one to say this — that anyone that insults every single ethnic group, who says with McCain “I prefer soldiers that don’t get captured,” who insults the Pope and Ruth Bader Ginsburg and sort of one respectable figure after another and doesn’t really pay a price for it — has a certain kind of Teflon. On the other hand, he does pay a price for it. Despite being elected president, he has these very low approval ratings. People don’t necessarily like these things about him. Even people who voted for him don’t necessarily like him. Maybe it’s because he does a good job of sort of playing the anti-media card but that’s something that Nixon did and Bush did and a lot of, even some Democrats have done. I guess I would say that he does seem to be especially adept at it. I don’t know if he’s in a whole other league or just seems to have found a way that worked well for him.
It’s been sort of mildly encouraging to read your book and realize that the issues that I’ve been hearing about for the last year — people complaining about some sort of unprecedented failure of the press — don’t seem to be all that new.Right. Obviously I wrote it before Trump burst on the scene, but I did sort of want to convey that with the book so I’m glad that comes through. I don’t think it’s unprecedented and new. At the same time, I do think we are in a kind of dangerous place that we haven’t been since Watergate; even Watergate was different because Democrats had a lot more countervailing power.
Right. Obviously I wrote it before Trump burst on the scene, but I did sort of want to convey that with the book so I’m glad that comes through. I don’t think it’s unprecedented and new. At the same time, I do think we are in a kind of dangerous place that we haven’t been since Watergate; even Watergate was different because Democrats had a lot more countervailing power.
There are obviously certain things about his election that are unprecedented, you know? Nobody had so little experience in politics and became president. We had generals, but that’s a kind of politics. And a lot of the norms of behavior that he just kind of shredded seemed to have fallen by the wayside in ways that they didn’t during Nixon and they didn’t during McCarthy. So I think you’re drawing the right conclusion from my book, and, at the same time, since writing the book, have felt like there are clearly some ways where we are in uncharted water.
Italian siblings Giulio Occhionero and Francesca Maria Occhionero (45 and 49, respectively) are currently sitting in separate Italian jails after the brother and sister were arrested for a high-level hack, AP reports. The siblings allegedly accessed (and attempted to access) data from, among other targets, former Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi, president of the European Central Bank Mario Draghi, several former members of Italy’s tax police, and a Vatican cardinal. (An anonymous source said there was no evidence that the European Central Bank was ever breached.) As many as 18,000 usernames and 1,800 passwords were also reportedly accessed.
As for their downfall, the Occhionero siblings were caught after “a security manager at a government office dealing with computer security received an email from a law office he didn’t recognize.” Tracing the IP address of the “firm” (fake) helped ultimately lead officials to the hackers. Robert Di Legami, director of an Italian police division devoted to cybercrime, told the AP, “We haven’t registered any evidence of extortion activity, or attempts to (use hacked data) to obtain influence.” Silver lining, I guess.
The pair co-founded a small but well-known Roman investment firm, Westlands Securities SpA, at which both were still working at the time of the arrest. It’s been speculated that the hacks were intended to uncover information, but the possibility of an outlandish conspiracy theory is more fun: The hacking reportedly occurred over several years and was marked by “Masonic overtones,” AP also reported; Giulio Occhionero was a “high-ranking member of a Masonic lodge” and certain lines of code in their software included phrases like “Pyramid Eye.” Upon discovering the hackers’ files, officials even found a category labeled “Bros,” including information on people allegedly also members of the society. Dan Brown, are you reading this? Siblings? Potential Illuminati? This story writes itself and I’m sure you could find somewhere to shove Tom Hanks in there too.
Some of us still want to take notes the old-fashioned way, rather than hauling our laptops all over creation. This notebook aims to fill that niche with a product that keeps your handwritten notes in the cloud.
On Tuesday night, BuzzFeed news published a 35-page dossier allegedly assembled by a former British spy. Among the allegations contained in the document is a claim that Trump’s lawyer, Michael Cohen, met secretly with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016 – a claim that Cohen vehemently denies.
Of course, all Cohen’s tweet does is prove that he has a passport. It might not even be his passport, but he definitely has one. Or at the very least knows how to use Google Images. Inspired by Cohen’s, um, transparency, people are now tweeting their own proof that they also have never been to Prague in their lives. And by proof, I mean just about any arbitrary image.
There you have it. It is with absolute certainty that I can report that none of these people have ever been to Prague in their lives.
But the dawn of this wonderful new world also means the end of the old one, and the small blessings we had within it. Gone, for example, is one of the last reliable excuses for not responding to someone’s texts or calls. Gone is the brief moment of respite from emails and messages from work colleagues. And gone is the science of subterranean cellular cartography — those peculiar, personal maps of underground cell-phone service regular New York subway riders held in their heads.
Like ancient hunter-gatherers discovering the mating grounds of their prey, all commuters in New York City knew which spots on their subway lines got service, and knew exactly when to take out their phone to search for a signal. For me, it was (1) just before you hit Eastern Parkway Brooklyn Museum on a Bronx-bound 2 or 3; (2) Atlantic Avenue, but only if you if you were in a car at the front right by the main turnstile, the one with the glass bricks; (3) Nevins Street; and (4) the megaplex that is Fulton Street.
Anyone sufficiently cell-phone addicted has a similar roster of subway spots where the data signal could penetrate, adjusted based on the model of phone, the strength of its antenna, and, of course, the cell-service carrier he or she subscribed to. You could tell the difference between a strong and reliable signal — like the legendary one at Fulton Street — and the weak, iffy ones, some of which could provide you with only 3G service at best.
Other commuters I’ve talked to shared fond memories of Queens Plaza, the Canal Street A/C/E; the Canal Street Q/N; the Seventh Avenue F/G; Jay Street-Metrotech; Grand Central Station (“but only when you went up for 4/5/6”); 59th Street Columbus Circle (“but only for the 1”); the F line from East Broadway to West 4th; Union Square (“for N/old Q but not for L”); the 7 stop at Vernon-Jackson; Hunterspoint Avenue; “the half of the shuttle ride closer to Times Square than Grand Central;” and the Astor Place 6, where, I’m reliably told, if you were in a car near the exit, the train would stop long enough to allow you to download a puzzle from the New York Times crossword app.
New York City activated cell-phone service and free WiFi in all underground stations around the city this month, giving New Yorkers at least one reason to look forward to 2017. Seriously: Internet connectivity is a wonderful amenity for the MTA, considering that the subway system is continually stressed to the point of fracture, causing regular delays in service and leaving millions of passengers stuck killing time on the platform.
And because of the nature of a subway, even when you did get cell service in these certain spots, you often didn’t have the time or the signal strength to do much with it besides refresh your favorite social network, download a single crossword puzzle or part of a magazine issue, or send an emergency email or text. If you value (or don’t know how to escape) your connectedness, you might opt for the Q train over the R train, knowing you’d get a brief few moments of open-air cell service on the Manhattan Bridge. (Unless you’re on T-Mobile, which has a notorious dead spot right at the center of the bridge.)
Knowing your commute’s cell-service windows and hot spots only really had a brief window of use — about ten years between the introduction of the iPhone and the expansion of cellular service to subway stations — but I’ll mourn its demise anyway. The arrival of the smartphone may have made comprehensive knowledge of MTA public transit, as a New Yorker shibboleth, obsolete. But in so doing, a new body of esoteric knowledge was developed: the science and art of getting a signal underground; now that knowledge is itself obsolete. There are plenty of worthwhile arguments for cell service in the subways, and, on balance, I prefer it. But even if I don’t miss the subway’s broad dead zones, I’ll miss the sensation of knowing their borders and contours, of being in tune with the rhythm of my commute and filling out the gaps in the subway map.
And I still know, no matter what, even with cell service, Union Square is the worst subway station in the city.
This piece has been updated to fix minor transcription errors.
The Fat Jewish, a.k.a. Josh Ostrovsky, a dude who first made a name for himself by teaching a SoulCycle class on CitiBikes with homeless people in New York City, made a surprise (okay) appearance on Wendy Williams’s show today. In light of recent news that Ostrovsky and his wife Katie Sturino (who has built her own social-media empire over at @the12ishstyle and owns several internet-famous dogs) are divorcing and that he is about to be a father with another woman, Ostrovksy told Williams he was going to let her pick the name of his soon-to-be-born daughter.
On the heels of its high-profile hiring of former CNN anchor Campbell Brown, Facebook has announced yet another initiative to magically strengthen the integrity of journalists and media organizations that publish on Facebook. It’s another sorta-commitment to helping media organizations stay afloat even as they descend lower and lower into Facebook’s gaping maw.
Is it a nice sentiment? Sure. But this new program also combines many of the smaller half-gestures that Facebook had already begun. Journalist training, soliciting feedback from news orgs to get them to publish on Facebook, and combating hoaxes are all previously known projects. Facebook wants to help journalists enough to keep them on the platform. Whether it wants to help them thrive is another story.
It will also further training programs (online courses) to help journalists use the company’s product more effectively, and hack together some new way to present stories within Facebook’s walled garden.
Today, it announced the Facebook Journalism Project, a program in which the company “will be collaborating with news organizations to develop products, learning from journalists about ways we can be a better partner, and working with publishers and educators on how we can equip people with the knowledge they need to be informed readers in the digital age.” Facebook has long resisted identifying itself as a media company that makes conscious decisions about what it does and does not place on users’ screens. Over the years, it’s been coming around, at a glacial pace, to the concept that it is a media publisher.
Perhaps the most important and quixotic part of this three-pronged approach is the idea that Facebook will somehow help promote media literacy among its billion-plus daily users. (The program is a partnership with the nonprofit News Literacy Project.)
There’s a lot we don’t know about what went on, or is still going on, between Trump and Russia. We know that, last night, BuzzFeed published a memo containing some truly outlandish allegations, including that Trump had two prostitutes put on a “golden shower” urination show in a Moscow Ritz-Carlton, and that there has been all sorts of backdoor dealing between Trump and his people and the Russians, some of which sounds if not treasonous then at least treason-y.
Other than that, there’s tons of confusion. And who better to step into a confusing situation, shouting more confusing things, than 4chan? Last night, shortly after the story broke, and as everyone on the internet was going crazy about it, rumors began to spread that the whole thing was just a chan op. Pissgate Truthers — as we’ll call them — began linking to an archived 4chan thread in which, indeed, it appears that at least one channer had been trolling Rick Wilson, a Republican operative who has been quite critical of Trump, by feeding him false information. The thinking goes that Wilson accepted the veracity of this false info, passed it onto his intel buddies, and the whole thing spiraled from there.
We also know that that memo had been circulating around D.C. for a while, and that the allegations contained in it are being actively investigated by intelligence agencies. Those agencies agree that none of the damning specifics have been proven validated, at least not yet (that explains the hesitancy to publish it, which gave BuzzFeed the opportunity to break the ice spectacularly), but also claim that the oppo researcher who originally started putting this all together back during the GOP primary — a former British intelligence guy who may be named Christopher Steele — has had a historically good track record. On the other hand, we know that the report contains some simple errors, such as misspelling a company’s name, describing a Russian city incorrectly, and identifying the wrong “Michael Cohen” as having gone to Prague.
Quickly this rumor was picked up by individuals and outlets who couldn’t resist the idea of the media having fallen so catastrophically for such over-the-top trollery. Zero Hedge, for example, ran a piece this morning which not only leveled this accusation, but included a helpful chart explaining exactly how it all went down:
Other bits of “evidence” have emerged as well. For example, here’s an excerpt from a, uh, block of text posted on PasteBin that some are holding up as proof of 4chan’s involvement:
In addition, last night or early today, a Twitter user who goes by the handle @trsprudence began claiming, in a series of tweets that gained some traction, that he (let’s go ahead and assume it was a he) was the guy who had launched the whole thing — that he’d fed it all to Wilson. Since then, though, his account has been deleted (hmmmm), though Zero Hedge has screengrabs here and here.
Trolling someone like Rick Wilson is exactly the sort of thing 4chan would do. The image board does love to carve out a niche in public discussions and debates, and has been quite successful at doing so. But getting from Someone on 4chan sent stuff to Rick Wilson to 4chan fabricated the entire contents of an oppo dossier that multiple outlets have reported was created by a real-life person with a spy background, and which the intel community is taking seriously requires a perhaps unattainable quantity of meme magic. So this is, in all likelihood, false. That said, it’s fun to watch the channers, who revel in a culture of anonymous fakery, insist that this time they should be taken seriously.
Despite how much of a stretch this rumor is, in all likelihood a lot of people probably believe it. That’s in large part because the internet is rife with bad actors who will spread anything that is salacious without checking it (an ironic problem to mention in this particular instance). Naturally, there was a Gateway Pundit post pinning the whole thing on 4chan last night. Naturally, Mike Cernovich, both tweeted and Periscoped about the rumor, spreading it further. “Right now it is looking like 4chan hoaxed the fake news media,” he opined in his video, allowing that “right now I don’t know for sure.” But probably!
Anytime an attention-getting news story breaks, the fake takes follow seemingly moments later, with the same handful of usual suspects, it feels, helping spread them every time. That’s just how things work now, and it makes for a weird, foggy information environment.
Clearly because she liked the name and thought it would be the best suited for Ostrovsky’s kid and not at all because it was the only viable option — Almond Milk is terrible, Wendy would have been selfish, and there is only one true Beyoncé — Williams picked Janeathan.
Ostrovsky proposed four name choices to Williams, who wanted to know the baby’s last name before making her choice. (It’s King.) The options were the “gender neutral” Janeathan, Almond Milk, Beyoncé, or Wendy. “ You can also pick a fifth option. Whatever you say right now is the name of my first daughter,” Ostrovsky added. “No pressure. It’s just a human life, no pressure.”
Update: WiFi service was activated in all underground stations, not all 472 stations in the NYC subway system, as previously stated. This post has been edited to include the correct information.
Following in the tradition of customer-service folk going above and beyond the call of duty and totally nailing it (see here: Lauren from Apple Music), this week a MailChimp employee named William allegedly rose to the top. According to a series of interactions posted to Imgur yesterday, William helped a MailChimp customer in removing Migos’s “Bad and Boujee” from a company-wide email. According to the customer, Imgur user PriceOglivie, he needed the “image with the dancing people” to go away. Which William made happen. In the most Migos way possible.
“While this is both savage and ruthless, I think we are going to be able to break that link for you,” William wrote. “Rain drop, drop top, please make this link stop,” Price replied.
Select All has reached out to MailChimp to confirm this interaction’s legitimacy and will update this post if we hear back. Until then, may all your customer-service interactions be so pleasant and pop-culture-reference laden.
Unlimited data plans, like MySpace, good Judd Apatow movies, and a booming housing market, were a defining feature of the mid-’00s. Before the iPhone, most telecoms saw no reason to restrict the amount of data you could download. How many emails could you really download to your BlackBerry or Treo?
And during the early days of the smartphone revolution, when a free iPhone was the carrot to get you to sign a two-year contract, unlimited data was almost always part of that deal. Indeed, many plans in the aughts still hinged not on how much data you could download, but on how many voice minutes you got or how many text messages you could send.
By the turn of the decade, as the number of voice calls plunged and data usage surged, telecom companies began to realize the mistake they had made. AT&T announced in mid-2010 they would be eliminating their unlimited-data plan for new customers, “grandfathering” in any customers that were already on such a plan. Verizon did the same in 2011, again allowing unlimited-data customers to continue on their plans, but not offering new customers the option of unlimited data.
In other words, at the same time that everyone suddenly was using a lot more data, data was becoming a more complicated thing to buy. Tiered data plans made life a pain, forcing customers to be cautious about streaming a video and audio in the wild, lest they blow through their data cap. And the idea of commoditized mobile data, paid for like a gallon of milk or metered out like electricity, grated on many users who first started using smartphones during the days of unlimited data.
The next five years was a period of tiered data plans, usually enforced by either hard throttling or large overage charges if you went over your data limit. Throttling was annoying; overage charges could be disastrous for someone who forget to switch over to their Wi-Fi network when they got home.
But during the past five years, people have only been using more and more data. When AT&T announced it was discontinuing its unlimited plan in 2010, the telecom company said the average user was downloading about 200 MB per month. By 2015, Swedish telecom giant Ericsson estimated the average North American smartphone owner used about 5.1 GB of data per month — and forecasts that by 2022, smartphone users will use 22 GB per month. North Americans’ total overall data usage was nearly doubling every year — here’s how much total data in petabytes North Americans were using on their smartphones, for every year since 2010.
T-Mobile already did mobile customers a great service several years ago, when it forced every other telecom to kill off the onerous two-year contract (even if it meant that those “free” upgrades and phones also went away). Now, it’s once again forcing change in the industry, killing off every single one of its cell-phone plans except for an “Unlimited” package for $60 a month. While not every carrier is following suit, they’re all making progress toward something slightly less antagonistic toward their customers.
Much like Sprint’s own unlimited package, T-Mobile’s unlimited plan isn’t truly unlimited. Both start throttling that data if you go over certain data limits — 28 GB per month in T-Mobile’s case, 23 GB per month in Sprint’s case. For those that live with smaller data caps, that may seem like a lot. For someone expecting to be able to use their phone’s data plan as much as they want, that’s streaming four or five HD Netflix movies.
Meanwhile, Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T are at least getting better about those overage charges. All are now offering plans that will start throttling users down to 2G speeds once you go past your data cap — instead of slapping on an overage charge because you went 500 KB over your limit for the month. It’s not perfect, and Verizon and AT&T’s data plans can still be confounding, especially when trying to figure out a multi-phone family package — but it’s better than it was even a year ago.
Meanwhile, Verizon users that were grandfathered into unlimited data only pay $45 per month — with an important caveat. The company announced on Wednesday that it will automatically switch any consumers that use more than 200 GBs of data per month over to a tiered plan. Now, it’s very fair to point out that you’d have to really burn through your data plan to break that 200 GB cap. Per Netflix, you’d need to stream about 285 hours of SD video or 67 hours of HD video in order hit that number. But let’s say you really do use all that data — 67 hours of HD video is easily doable if you’re watching one HD movie per night and maybe bingeing a show or two on weekends. And if you do blow past that 200 GB cap, the closest thing Verizon will offer after it kicks you from the unlimited service is its 100 GB per month plan — which starts at $450 per month.
But what about those lucky few souls still grandfathered in on Verizon and AT&T’s old-school unlimited plans? They’re getting the squeeze. AT&T has slowly been raising the price of their unlimited data service — it used to be $30 per month just for data, and now is at $45 — usually bringing your total bill somewhere in the range of $90 per month. There’s also throttling involved — go beyond 22 GB a month and your unlimited plan will suddenly slow down. And if you try to use your unlimited data plan to tether your phone to your laptop to get work done on the road, AT&T will simply boot you from the service.
Telecoms say there’s a valid reason why people shouldn’t get unlimited data. If you’ve ever tried to use your phone at an extremely crowded event or concert and found yourself unable to check your map directions or send an SMS, you’ve dealt with a congested data network. Even more so than local wired ISP networks (which can get congested during heavy usage times, like Sunday evenings), wireless data networks suffer from too many users — especially heavy users — all attempting to ping the same cell tower. But if you paid for an unlimited data connection in 2010, it still seems fair to say that a company should honor that agreement. My guess? Within the next year or two, Verizon and AT&T will simply cancel out all the grandfathered unlimited data plans, period, perhaps offering discounted plans in return, or “unlimited” plans that throttle.
So what if you truly want unlimited internet? You can do what I did. Donate $500 to the Calyx Institute and get a free Netgear mobile hotspot that piggybacks off Sprint’s LTE network and gets you unlimited data for as long as you’d like, with no monthly charges and no throttling. (It’ll cost you $300 to sign up for another year of service after year one.) Amortized out over 12 months, that’s just under $42 a month for unlimited data at $500 a year, or $25 a month at $300 a year. Combine that with a cheap MVNO plan like Project Fi or Republic Wireless for voice and text, and it’s still possible to get unlimited data at reasonable rates — but you’re going to have to go outside the major carriers to do it.
Sports are not really much of a plot point in James Cameron’s 1997 hit Titanic, unless you count that one scene where Jack and Rose meet clandestinely in the ship’s gym. Certainly, at least the last time I watched it, there was nothing in the film about basketball. Which is a damn shame, because after stumbling upon @TitanicHoops, an account devoted entirely to merging said sport with the iconic theme from Titanic, I’m convinced a basketball game or two would have been a welcome addition to all that iceberg talk.
And that’s … pretty much all there is to it. Clips of basketball games layered with “My Heart Will Go On.”
And on.
And on. With the occasional football game thrown in to shake things up.
You might think the gag would get old after the first or second video you watch. It doesn’t. Enjoy humming the flute intro for the rest of your day.
Back in September, a 17-year-old California college student named Santana Gutierrez met her doppelgänger, Isobel, in a mall. The pair met when Isobel approached Gutierrez to discuss the Save the Children fund. “I kind of felt bad ’cause I wasn’t listening to what she was saying — all I was thinking was, This girl looks exactly like me,” Gutierrez told BuzzFeed. They are not related — a fact BuzzFeed confirmed with Gutierrez and her parents — but still, the resemblance is pretty uncanny.
Direct financial-support systems like tipping, and subscription options like Patreon, which lets users make a monthly pledge, have become more popular for digital content creators in recent years. It allows them to receive income directly from their audience, rather than rely on advertising that appears alongside whatever they post.
In its latest effort to help creators monetize their channels, YouTube has revealed Super Chat, a system that allows users to pay in order to promote their comments during livestreams. Paid comments can stay pinned at the top of the scrolling feed, giving them added attention.
The most obvious parallel here is Twitch’s Cheering system, which let users do pretty much the same thing: throw a few bucks a streamer’s way by posting in the comments section. Tipping emerged on Twitch as a third-party income source, with many users taking singular contributions via services like PayPal. Realizing that they were missing out on revenue, Twitch developed their own first-party tipping service as well. Obviously, they get a cut.
From YouTube’s announcement:
MailChimp confirmed the interaction with Select All. “We love having this type of friendly, funny interaction with our customers and fully support how William handled this,” Jon Smith, MailChimp’s VP of Support said. “He did MailChimp and Atlanta proud.” Here’s hoping all your customer-service interactions are so pleasant and pop-culture-reference laden.
It was a good tweet on its own, but several months later a third doppelgänger, @allyholtt, appeared on the Twitter scene. Holt also looks fairly similar to Gutierrez and Isobel, though perhaps not quite as similar. Again, still pretty uncanny.
From there, more and more pictures of similar-looking young women started cropping up. Many thanks to the kindly Twitter users who made our lives easier and assembled them into handy collages.
Moral of the story: If you’re a young brunette woman with solid eyebrow game, you might also consider adding your head shot to this ever-expanding group of doppelgängers. Also ignore everything you were ever taught about talking to strangers in malls.
You’ve heard “All Star” by Smash Mouth. You have. You’ve likely sung along to it at some point in your time here on Earth and perhaps, if you were really into it, you’ve danced along and placed a finger and thumb in the shape of an “L” on your forehead. It’s a catchy tune.
Now imagine that same catchy tune, except instead of an actual melodic song, the entire thing is modified so every word is sung on a “C.” Actually, don’t imagine to it. Listen to it. Revel in it. Hide from it. Give into the fact that around the second chorus you might start to like it as much as, if not more than, the original.
In a live-streaming event tonight, Tatsumi Kimishima and other Nintendo dignitaries revealed a lot more information about the company’s intriguing new hybrid mobile-home console, the Nintendo Switch.
The worst thing (or best, if you are Evan Spiegel) about Snapchat is how difficult it is to find people — friends, celebs, very good dogs — on the app. But starting today, that is all going to change. At least somewhat. Snapchat announced it is rolling out a new universal search feature. Located at the top of the app, the new search bar will allow users to more easily search across the entire app to track down friends, groups, Our Stories (Snapchat curated stories), and content from Discover publishers. (Worth noting: This update still doesn’t do much to help you track down new people to follow. Though if you need some ideas, this list is a good place to start.)
From the new search bar, users will be able to tap any username and send private chat messages, see that user’s Snapchat profile (username, score, QR code), and — if said user has posted one — see their Snap Story from that day. You’ll also be able to quickly access your own profile by tapping your Bitmoji icon, which will appear in the upper-left-hand corner of the search screen. All Snapchatters will be able to submit snaps to Our Story, no matter where they are in the world. These are pictures and videos that Snapchat will then be able to curate into stories for particular events, like concerts or holidays or that really cool thing happening in New York City that you can’t attend, but at least you can watch from your phone.
The new features are currently only available to a select number of Android users. Snapchat will be rolling them out to the rest of Android users and us iOS schmucks soon.
The price at launch will be $299, making it more expensive than the current price of the base PS4 and Xbox One — but not by much.
First off, it’ll launch on March 3 in virtually every country, and it’ll be available for preorder here starting, uh, right now (and in other places on January 21). Per Nintendo’s Twitter account, a “limited” number will be available for in-store preorder at Nintendo NYC tomorrow morning — but people are already camped out, so you may be out of luck. And, according to one Reddit post, supplies will initially be very limited, at least at GameStop. Basically, if you see a chance to preorder, whether in-store or online, you’ll want to do it quickly. For reasons no one can quite figure out, Nintendo has a history of failing to meet consumer demand for their consoles and products.
Perhaps the most interesting bit so far: no more region locking. Any game available in any country can be played on any console.
In a live streaming event tonight, Tatsumi Kimishima and other Nintendo dignitaries revealed a lot more information about its intriguing new hybrid mobile/home console, the Nintendo Switch.
The price at launch will be $299 making it more expensive than the current price of the base PS4 and Xbox One — but not by much.
The truly intriguing bit, though, is how the Switch will function. It will come with a dock that will plug into your TV via a normal HDMI cable, capable of running a max resolution of 1080p. While in this mode, the Nintendo Switch’s Nvidia Tegra X1 chip will run at 768 MHz — a respectable rate that will probably allow it to surpass the visuals of the PS3 and Xbox 360 (though not the current generation of PlayStation and Microsoft consoles).
Take it out of the dock, and it becomes a gaming tablet that runs at 720p, with several different ways to play. (It also becomes significantly slower, leading many to wonder if developers will take the time to program two separate versions of games for faster and slower processors.) The screen allows for multi-touch functionality, but it looks like Nintendo really intends for players to take two “Joy-Con” controllers, attach them to the side of the Switch, and use that as a mobile gaming console. You may want to keep a spare battery pack around as well — battery life will only be two and a half to six hours.
When in mobile mode, the console has a kickstand you can use to set the tablet in an upright position. For games like Mario Kart 8, you can remove the Joy-Con controllers, and play two-player games side-by-side. The Joy-Con remotes will also function like Wii-style remotes, in that physical movement of the remote will translate into action on the screen. The Joy-Con also has sensors that allow it to detect shapes in front of it — for example, the differences between a hand making a rock, paper, or scissors. You’ll also be able to connect to other players to compete against on Wi-Fi.
(This story will be updated…)
Titles available at launch will include something called 1 2 Switch (which looks to be a kind of quick-draw game using the Joy-Con controllers) and Arms (which looks a bit like boxing as performed by Stretch Armstrong). Nintendo spent the beginning of its presentation focusing on games that utilize the Joy-Con controllers in interesting ways, versus updates to their established franchises. There was also a video showing off and Splatoon 2 (the sequel to Nintendo’s surprisingly fun paint-splatter shooter) — but it won’t be available until summer.
Surprising no one, there will also be a new Mario game, Super Mario Odyssey — but this one looks surprisingly open world compared to previous titles. Environments include modern-day cities, deep forests, and, uh, also Bowser wearing a top hat? It’s Nintendo — you take innovation in how much they’re willing to push their core franchises where you can find it. This also won’t be a launch title — the release date will be sometime in the 2017 holiday season.
Nintendo also showed off Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Fire Emblem Warriors, which are exactly the sort of titles that get Nintendo fans amped up and draw blank stares from anyone not deeply into the world of Nintendo and Japanese RPGs. The same can be said of the various Dragon Quest and Shin Megami Tensei titles announced — they’re deeply popular in Japan and among aficionados here in the States, but don’t have a wide audience. It looks like none of these titles will be available for launch.
Skyrim (which was shown off heavily in the Nintendo Switch trailer) was also confirmed to be coming to the Switch. Much like a lot of the other titles discussed so far, it’s unclear if it’ll actually be available for launch — despite Skyrim being out for other systems since Obama’s first term.
Electronic Worldwide Studios also came out to announce that a new FIFA game will be available for the Switch “later this year.” More and more, the presentation seemed to auger a a very weak launch lineup for the Switch — plenty of promising games, none of them available on March 3. Though shortly after the announcement of FIFA, Nintendo showed a montage of games, including Rayman, SSX, Mario Kart, and other that weren’t mentioned yet.
To finish out the presentation, Reggie Fils-Aimé teased the release of the biggest possible launch title of the Nintendo Switch, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. After showing off more footage of the game — which looks truly amazing — Nintendo revealed it will be a launch title for the Switch. There will be a bigger event in New York City tomorrow (which I will be attending), where I should get some play time with both the Switch console and Breath of the Wild.
Nintendo abandoned trying to keep up in raw processing power over a decade ago with the release of the original Nintendo Wii, instead focusing on innovative hardware design that allowed for new ways to play games. The Switch looks to continue in that tradition, and it frankly looks like a much more interesting and robust gaming device than the Wii U was. The main problem it may face in the market is that most of the developed world already carries a pretty solid gaming device with them at all times: their smartphone.
A GIF of Peeqo, a voice-activated robot programmed to respond solely in GIFs, has been making the rounds online for several months. I believe the first time I saw it I showed my colleagues and typed something like “BURN IT. BURN IT WITH FIRE.” There was something about the cutesy way Peeqo twists and nods like a human neck, which causes the fabric around it to stretch like human skin, that was just a little uncanny for me.
More recently, Peeqo’s creator, Abhishek Singh, posted a YouTube video giving more details about how the bot works. In the demo, Singh asks Peeqo to “Wake up,” prompting a GIF of Jon Snow — Game of Thrones spoiler alert — coming back from the dead. The device has microphones where its ears are and a lighted ring atop its head to designate when it is listening. “Peeqo, say hello.” Cue GIF of person waving. “Peeqo, it is pronounced ‘GIF’ or ‘JIF?’” GIF of a man holding up someone at gunpoint captioned “say ‘JIF’ one more goddamned time.” You get the idea.
Singh also programmed his robot to play music via Spotify and to alert him when he’s spending too much time on Reddit. Peeqo has a bit of an attitude. “I tried to give him a personality so at times his responses can be a little spunky,” Singh explains. If you want to try building your own, Singh shared details on construction and design on Imgur. If you do try your hand, please please make the “neck” less creepy. Thanks.
Tomi Lahren is a mystifyingly popular 24-year-old conservative pundit who hosts a web show for the Blaze. She’s taken on Colin Kaepernick, Beyoncé, Meryl Streep, appeared on The Daily Show, and been written up by the New York Times. But perhaps the best thing about Lahren is the fact that people on Twitter refuse to use her given name.
Twizzler
Tammy
And, our personal favorite, Toyota Lasagna
Taxi
Tambra
Tapanga
Tessa
Tapioca
Tamperingeritocaranation
Tabitha
Tarantula
The 400 folding elements of this sculpture move using software that has a flocking algorithm. As the birds move, the sculpture does the same. Diffusion Choir was a collaboration of art and engineering and is the incredible focal point for the office building.
Ever since rapper Wale called Tomi “Tammy,” Lahren’s replies have been filled with people who don’t know her. Select All rounded up a few of our favorites.
Toothpaste
Tortilla
Toupee
Tamborine
Tanya
Toby Lungfish
Tatonka
Tony Laryngitis
Terry
Tracy
To see more, check any of Trysta Lorca’s Twitter replies.
In a brave and daring prank — you have to be brave to leave unflattering photos of yourself lying about knowing full well that the internet exists — an anonymous boy in Brazil swapped all the lock screens in a store in São Paulo to charming selfies of his own mug. The incident, which took place at the Center Norte shopping center, was documented on Twitter by @kkcamilla, who told BuzzFeed, “I saw him messing around and laughing.” After discovering his very good prank, she said she applauded the young man for a job well done.
As Russia and the U.S. continue to square off over alleged hacking of election officials, another, weirder drama has been playing out. Back in August, a mysterious group known only as the Shadow Brokers claimed to have obtained computer programs that are believed to be associated with the National Security Agency.
The Shadow Brokers posted snippets of the files online, which security experts determined were likely to belong to the Equation Group, a similarly mysterious hacking group. The group then tried to auction them off to the highest bidder, and said that if they received 1 million Bitcoin, they would release everything to the public.
Yesterday, the Shadow Brokers abandoned their effort. They failed to attract serious bids in part because, according to The Wall Street Journal, “the auction wasn’t structured in a way that would attract serious buyers, such as instructing bidders to send funds in bitcoin with no way to recover the funds if they lost.”
They also went dark by dropping 61 new files online, many of which CyberScoop is calling outdated exploits against the Windows operating system.
“Despite theories, it always being about bitcoins for TheShadowBrokers,” their farewell message reads, in broken English. “Free dumps and bullshit political talk was being for marketing attention. There being no bitcoins in free dumps and giveaways. You are being disappointed? Nobody is being more disappointed than TheShadowBrokers.”
Perhaps not the hero we need right now, but certainly the hero we deserve.
Here’s how the milk game works.
Some, however, were not pleased at the quality of the simulation.
1-2 Switch is a minigame collection that uses the system’s motion-sensing controllers in, let’s say, interesting ways. Swordfighting, gun duels, eating a sandwich, and the aforementioned lactic activity.
During their big Nintendo Switch launch event last night, the company showed off great-looking first-party games like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Super Mario Odyssey, and, uh, Arms? But all of those were nothing compared to 1-2 Switch, the minigame collection that will finally allow those of us who are not farmers to experience the sensation of milking a cow.
The feedback was positive(?).
Here is how it looked in real life as the press got a chance to play it earlier this morning.
1-2 Switch, now known as That Milk Game, will be available along with the Switch console on March 3.
I spent most of today at a hotel in the Flatiron, getting a lot of hands-on time with Nintendo’s newest console, the Nintendo Switch, coming out March 3 for $299. After making my way through most of the demos on the floor, I’m convinced Nintendo’s hybrid mobile–home console is going to be a hit — but there are still a few things that worry me. What I loved and what I’m concerned about below.
Similar to 2-in-1 laptops, which can convert from traditional laptops into tablets with a quick flip, the Switch’s central conceit is pulled off brilliantly. In multiple different games, pulling the tablet up and pushing the controllers on the side took a 20 seconds before I had what is probably the most powerful mobile console around right now. Along with a lot of other people, I was a bit surpsied Nintendo went with $299 for its launch price, considering I can buy a base PS4 or Xbox One for less right now. After using it for a while, I think the $299 number is going to work. In mobile the resolution is sharp, the colors are bright, and the essential feel of each game felt unchanged — except I could now carry it anywhere I wanted.
Toward the end of the day, as crowds started to thin, plenty of demo stations started getting empty. But the dozen-odd stations showing a 20-minute demo of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild never did. There’s a reason for this, beyond just the built-in audience for any Legend of Zelda game — it looks and feels incredible. Nintendo has taken the basic concept they’ve been using since Ocarina of Time and matured it in a number of ways. You’ll find yourself switching between multiple weapons and fighting styles, crafting items in order to sneak through enemy camps, bum-rushing enemies with just a stick hoping that you can somehow knock the weapon out of their hands. And that’s just in the first 20 minutes. Nintendo needed a game to get people in the door for the Nintendo Switch, and this has the potential to be maybe the best open-world RPG yet, on any system. (And it still played great on mobile, for what it’s worth.)
While first-party titles may have dominated the floor, plenty of smaller studios made showings. Games like Fast RMX, Has-Been Heroes, and the above mentioned Snipperclips all showed third-party developers are, at least for now, turning out for Nintendo’s new system. Lack of third-party developer enthusiasm is one of the several things that doomed the Wii U, so it’s heartening to see that Nintendo seems serious about courting them back into the fold.
The controllers, or “Joy-Cons” as Nintendo is calling them (which, sure), have a lot of capability built into them. They work fine when paired up and just used as a standard sit-back couch controller, and they work equally well when stuck on the side of Switch when mobile. But two of the best games on the floor showed off what else they could do. Arms, a futuristic robot boxing game, used the Joy-Cons remotely to essentially create a version of Wii Boxing that’s incredibly fun. Their ability to detect finer movements, like twists of the hand or the difference between a slow and fast punch, made for a game that should have felt like a frenzied slugfest turn into something much more tactical and deeper. The other game, Snipperclips, uses the ability of the Switch to split the two Joy-Cons between two players to create a fun, weird, and cooperative puzzle game that had me laughing like a loon with a complete stranger. (That said, a lot of the games on the floor were using the Pro controller, which won’t be sold with the base Switch unit — a sign that anyone who plans to do a lot of couch gaming may need to shell out even more for the system.)
The official word from Nintendo is that, depending on the game, you can expect two-and-a-half to six hours of battery life. Which is fine for a bus ride, but not so much for a cross-country trip or a long Amtrak ride. You can power up the Switch in mobile mode with a USB charger, and it’s understandable what’s essentially a thin gaming tablet isn’t going to give you 20 hours of battery life, but it is a bummer. Second, while the Switch fits comfortably in your hands, there’s no way it could ever fit comfortably in your pocket, unlike, say, the Nintendo 3DS. To really have this on the go, you’ll need to be carrying a bag of some sort. It’s also unclear just how sturdy the Joy-Cons are going to be bumping around with the rest of your stuff — analog sticks can be notoriously easy to break.
The official word from Nintendo is that, depending on the game, you can expect two-and-a-half to six hours of battery life. Which is fine for a bus ride, but not so much for a cross-country trip or a long Amtrak ride. You can power up the Switch in mobile mode with a USB charger, and it’s understandable what’s essentially a thin gaming tablet isn’t going to give you 20 hours of battery life, but it is a bummer. Second, while the Switch fits comfortable in your hands, there’s no way it could ever fit comfortably in your pocket, unlike, say, the Nintendo 3DS. To really have this on the go, you’ll need to be carrying a bag of some sort. It’s also unclear just how sturdy the Joy-Cons are going to be bumping around with the rest of your stuff — analog sticks can be notoriously easy to break.
I was able to sit down with David Young of Nintendo of America, who assured me that Nintendo is planning an initial run of 2 million consoles — a healthy number considering the Wii U has sold just an estimated 13.4 million units in its entire lifetime. Still, if the Switch is as popular as I think it’s going to be, consumer frustration with not being able to lay hands on one is going to be immense if not enough units continue to be brought to market after launch. Many will simply wait, but there will be some who’ll simply give up and go back to their PS4 or Xbox One.
It has been a particularly long week here on the World Wide Web, so here’s a nice optical illusion to stare at until your brain turns to mush. Today’s mind-bender, which comes courtesy of Reddit, features a rotating pole that somehow — hence “illusion” — appears to fit through a curved hole.
In a YouTube video, the creator of the illusion, a channel called Make Anything, which is devoted to all things 3-D-printed, breaks down what is happening/giving you a headache. The video breaks down the rotating device into three pieces: the curved-hole piece, the rotating straight pole, and the rotating base the pole sits on and that turns. The first thing to note is that the pole is not attached perpendicularly to the base; it’s at an angle. Because the straight pole is at an angle, the base of the pole passes through the hole first. Then, each section of the rest of the pole slowly passes through, working upward until the whole thing fits.
“Essentially, this hole doesn’t have to match the shape of the pole,” the video explains. “Instead it matches a cross-section of the shape that is created when you spin this pole around a circular axis.”
[Insert Confused Math Lady meme here.]
As for what worried me:
At the beginning of January, a student named Nathan from the Frederick County public-school system in Maryland tweeted at the school’s account asking for classes to be cancelled the next day. Actually, what Nathan asked was for the school to be closed “tammarow PLEASE.” To which Katie Nash, the woman charged with running the Twitter account, replied, “but then how would you learn to spell ‘tomorrow’? :)”
It was a gentle burn and one Nash felt was appropriate for her role as Web Experience Coordinator. (The kids wound up having school, but with a two-hour start delay.) “We had received feedback from some students in a focus group that our tweeting was a bit flat, they were looking for some more engagement,” Nash told WHAG. “They were looking for us to tweet back at them and I really took that to heart.” Except the school system had a different idea about what constituted “more engagement.” Nash was asked to delete the tweet and fired the next week, despite the fact that Nathan really didn’t seem much worse for wear.
Better luck “tammarow.”
After months of agony, the day has finally arrived: In 24 hours Vine, or at least Vine as we know it, will be no more. Which means today is your last chance to save your Vines as videos on your camera roll or convert them into GIFs. Which could take some time, so wipe away your tears and follow these instructions to make sure your dumb videos don’t vanish into the internet ether tonight at midnight.
To save your videos directly from Vine:
Open up the Vine app on your phone and log in. Tap the profile icon in the bottom right-hand corner of the screen. Next, tap the “Save Videos” button beneath your profile picture. You’ll be prompted to either save your Vines directly to your camera roll or to email them to yourself. Which, good for you if your phone actually has the storage space to save them. If not, choose the option to email your Vines as a download link to yourself. With this option, be sure to download immediately after emailing yourself; the link expires in 72 hours and also there’s that whole the app is shutting down/becoming a direct-to-Twitter camera thing.
To turn your Vines into GIFs:
If you’d rather relive your Vines as soundless GIFs, GIPHY has an easy way to convert them. Head here, connect your Vine account with your GIPHY account, click “IMPORT” and then wait. Heads up, this only works with one Vine account. If you have multiple ones, you’ll need to email GIPHY.
Early this morning, I stumbled across a link to Astronaut.io on Hacker News. Twenty minutes later, I was still transfixed — I had no other open tabs, was barely paying attention to Slack or email, just sitting and watching a single website without pause. Compared to my normal internet browsing habits, this was the equivalent of reading War and Peace in one sitting.
The idea of Astronaut.io idea is simple: The website hunts through almost completely unseen and unfound YouTube videos. As the creators of the project, San Francisco–based tech workers Andrew Wong and James Thompson, put it on the splash page for the site:
The site cycles these never-meant-to-be-discovered videos every five to eight seconds, popping from a group of kids showing off cartwheels to an elderly woman laughing hysterically at something we’ll never see. Unlike so much of what I find on the internet, it left me feeling somehow more connected — or at least somehow less solitary, even as I was just drinking coffee and watching a fleeting video of a toddler chasing a dog around a front lawn somewhere in Germany, before seeing a shot from someone’s wedding in India. “One of the great things Astronaut.io does it is immediately immerses you into the next video,” says Wong. “It’s like walking the down the street — there’s no artificial transition between the two scenes.”
Unlike the Jacob Sartoriouses or PewDiePie’s of the world, these videos are aggressively unedited, never meant for mass consumption (nobody who is trying to go viral names their video “DSC 3478”). “When we started, it was sort of an anti-effort towards the algorithmic approach that we were seeing,” says Thompson. “There were all these sites surfacing the most viral videos. We were like: What can we make that’s the antithesis to that approach? That was much more human and much more connected to people?”
I’ve got Astronaut.io going in a second window as I type this, looking over at it periodically while I work. What strikes me most as I watch the videos cycle through is how happy most of the people in these videos are. Pulling out a smartphone for taking a quick video has come to replace the disposable camera as the thing we do during our moments of simple and fleeting joy. “In just five seconds,” says Thompson,”I find myself incredibly invested in these people’s stories.”
The internet is a place that often rewards the shocking, the sad, the rage-inducing — or the nakedly ambitious and attention-seeking. A morning of watching Astronaut.io is an antidote to all that.
So you see someone showing off a new Gibson electric guitar. Five seconds of someone playing pickup basketball. A French bulldog standing on a table. A bit of a Quebecois jazz band playing. Someone swimming the breaststroke in a public pool. A preacher asking if we’ve taken all our gifts into account. Someone carefully tearing fresh basil over a homemade pizza. A very out-of-focus shot of a lion taken on safari. A father and mother whispering “Good morning baby, you cheeky monkey” to their infant. A close-up of a pair of frozen-over Truck Nutz. A small cat wearing a knit vest jumping out into the snow. A man performing tai chi in a backyard. A woman staring into the camera, asking how the viewer is doing, and that it’s been raining here a lot — but she likes the rain.
It’s an aleatoric overview of the normal, ordinary, and prosaic. It’s a reminder that our best moments are often small, quotidian moments with friends and family — whether they’re uploaded or not. “This isn’t a bunch of security-camera feeds,” says Wong. “It’s not inhuman. I’m currently traveling, and when I look through my videos, there’s a reason I wanted to shoot those videos. All my videos are of great moments with my family. And Astronaut.io is the same kind of warm and friendly feed.”
(The Nintendo Switch is not immune to the company’s broader online futziness: Multiplayer voice chat will be handled not by the console itself but by a smartphone app.)
Last week’s exciting Nintendo Switch announcement gave video-game fans a lot to look forward to. A system that bridges the divide between portable and home consoles, a new Zelda game, collaborative cow-milking simulations. But as Nintendo giveth, it also taketh away. Last Friday, VentureBeat reported that the Miiverse, Nintendo’s kooky attempt at a social network, would not carry over to the impending system.
The Miiverse was, by any standard criteria, not a good social network. In many ways it was legitimately bad. To understand it, we must first look at Nintendo’s history of online services — a history full of half-steps, quarter-steps, and abject failures. With its all-ages aesthetic, Nintendo has always been wary of internet connectivity, resulting in a number of baffling design decisions that appear to have been made by people who understand that the internet exists, and is very popular, but who never actually use it.
This is why, for example, playing online with friends on the original Nintendo DS and Wii systems required players to enter unique 12-digit Friend Codes on a per-game basis. There was no continuity of user identity at the platform level. This meant that you had to create a new, discrete friends list for each game that you played. The system was more trouble than it was worth. The company eventually capitulated to market demands and introduced a platform-wide identity, but the move always felt like it was done more out of obligation than want.
The Miiverse is, at the most basic level, an online forum. One that is filled with children, heavily moderated, and bizarrely constructed. Users can post text messages and screenshots or use the consoles’ touchscreens to draw pictures to post. The action we know as the “like” or “fav” is known, on the Miiverse, as a “Yeah!”
All of this has a very My First Social Network feel to it. The cute avatars, the childish touchscreen scribblings, the multiple instances of preteen boys naïvely “looking for a gf.” There is a strong mist of pathos hovering around the Miiverse’s social graph.
The system is also designed so that every piece of software gets its own section of the Miiverse. That includes video services like Hulu and Netflix and mediocre games that few people actually boot up. It’s how games like Funky Barn — a Wii U launch title about farm management — briefly became memes. When it awarded Funky Barn the title of Best Miiverse Community in 2012, Giant Bomb wrote:
“Miis,” introduced on the Wii, were the cutesy simplistic avatars tied to users’ profiles. There wasn’t much to do with them on the system other than use them to go bowling and … vote in polls? On the Wii U and 3DS, Nintendo allowed users to tie Miis to their platform-wide account and created a home for them on the Miiverse.
The Miiverse was a perfect storm. Its user base was composed of young users unfamiliar with more popular social networks, misanthropic gamers who were in on the Miiverse’s overarching joke (that it kinda sucked), and amateur anime fan artists. It was also difficult to access outside of Nintendo’s walled garden, making it mostly troll-proof.
The Miiverse was not dissimilar to niche networks like Vine and Tumblr — goofy, absurdist, slightly surreal, and hyperaware of its own ridiculousness. It had a culture and tone all its own. It was nihilist, with a PG-13 lewdness, and a childlike sense of curiosity. A culture that pontificated on whether Sonic, Link, and Mario were capable of being pregnant more often than you might think. The Miiverse was a truly odd, hilarious, and often confusing experiment in online community building. It wasn’t a huge success, but there was nothing else like it. There never will be again.
In an early contender for best headline of the year, today the Daily Mail announced the arrest of one U.K. taxidermist named Daniel Stocks: “Taxidermist who made props for The Smurfs and QI is jailed for illegally selling pickled lizards and endangered monkey heads on eBay.” Embalmed animal corpses! Internet crime! A cartoon about lots of tiny blue men and one similarly tiny blue woman! This story has everything.
Stocks was busted for selling controlled species including “horn bills, leopard cats, langur monkeys, and green monkeys.” He sold said creatures on eBay, under the name Killer Curios UK. “Police raided his home and an industrial unit he rented and found a stuffed African white-backed vulture, macaque heads and skulls, monkey tails and monkey paws framed and mounted above the phrase ‘Make A Wish,’” the Daily Mail also reports. The illegal eBay side hustle was in addition to his above-board shrunken-head business, shrunken-head.com. The website appears to still be open for orders and also offers an abridged history of shrunken heads which I am certainly richer for having read.
Stocks plead guilty to four charges and was sentenced to six months in jail. No word on what this means for any potential sequels to The Smurfs.
Facebook’s aggressive attempt to entice the people of Earth to broadcast their mundane activities to the world over live video appears to have hit a bump in the road. According to Recode, “Facebook is de-emphasizing live video” during talks with publishers, and many of those who signed contracts in which Facebook subsidized their livestreaming efforts do not expect to renew those terms.
Many large media companies have significantly reoriented themselves around video, laying off editorial staff (Mashable) or restructuring (Tronc) in order to make room for more audiovisual content. Other leading digital-media brands have taken on significant funding from traditional broadcasters like NBCUniversal (BuzzFeed, Vox) and Disney (Vice). Facebook’s encouragement of these companies to put more TV-like content on their platform is not surprising.
Instead, Facebook is reportedly encouraging publishers to produce premium video along the lines of something that you might see on Netflix, to use Recode’s comparison. Facebook has been reluctant to admit that it is a media company, claiming it was a mere tech platform until late last month, when Mark Zuckerberg capitulated: “Facebook is a new kind of platform. It’s not a traditional technology company. It’s not a traditional media company. You know, we build technology and we feel responsible for how it’s used.”
But pumping the brakes on its Live initiative also appears as the first inkling of an acknowledgment that Facebook fundamentally misunderstood the purpose of livestreaming on the web, which functions in a very different way than, say, a live television newscast. Hell, the most popular live videos include BuzzFeed’s watermelon video and Chewbacca Mom, which was just a woman laughing in her car for four minutes.
Facebook was shelling out millions to celebrities and established media brands, requiring them to make a set number of live videos every week. Sites like BuzzFeed and the New York Times were reportedly both paid more than $3 million to produce footage. CNN, Vox Media, and celebrities like Gordon Ramsay and Kevin Hart were also compensated.
The most important and truly compelling use cases for Facebook Live came during events that are impossible for digital publishers to replicate: House Democrats staging a sit-in for gun control; an attempted coup in Turkey; and last but not least, the killing of Philando Castile at the hands of police.
Facebook’s live video was meant to solve the problem of a decrease in original sharing — people sharing less about themselves. Why they decided approaching professional publishers to make professional video would be the best way to make it seem accessible was always a more than a little confounding. The most popular livestreaming services are, by any stretch of the definition, mundane. Video-game streamers on Twitch spend hours sitting motionless, flapping their gums. YouNow is a platform for teens to vlog about chem class from their American Room. Snapchat, while not truly live, is close enough, and it’s ephemeral. Mark Zuckerberg, in his own words, wanted livestreaming to be more raw, more visceral, and less rehearsed, and yet he decided that outlets like CNN were the best way to embody that ethos. And he wanted the videos to be archived permanently on the servers of the world’s largest commercial data-collection operation. No wonder the live program has been slow going.
This is not really the end of Facebook Live as a whole, but it is the end of the glut of mediocre, heavily produced livestreams that might have been clogging your News Feed. The contracts Facebook inked were meant to kickstart the trend, not sustain it indefinitely.
The Obama administration announced today that the president will commute the sentence of Chelsea Manning, the soldier who leaked a large cache of secret documents to WikiLeaks in 2010, disrupting international diplomacy, and putting WikiLeaks — and Julian Assange — in the spotlight. The files detailed thousands of military incident logs, including an infamous video of an American helicopter attack that killed two civilian journalists working for Reuters in Iraq.
Manning was convicted of numerous charges relating to the leak, which occurred in 2010, and sentenced to 35 years. She will now be released on May 17 of this year. The former army intelligence officer was known as Bradley Manning at the time of the leak, and subsequently sentenced to a male prison. Following the conviction, she came out as transgender, and pushed for the Department of Defense to provide treatment including gender reassignment surgery. Manning also tried to commit suicide twice last year.
The decision to commute Manning’s sentence might seem to be at odds with the administration’s refusal to offer a deal to that other famous leaker, Edward Snowden, currently camped out in Russia. But the Obama administration has consistently said that until Snowden undergoes an actual trial, in the U.S., it won’t (and, in fact, can’t) pardon him. Manning, obviously, has — and has served significant time following her trial. Speaking over the weekend, press secretary Josh Earnest explained that Manning “is somebody who went through the military criminal justice process, was exposed to due process, was found guilty, was sentenced for her crimes, and she acknowledged wrongdoing.” (Snowden’s disclosures also arguably did more damage to national security.)
But it seems like a bad idea to base decisions on the word of someone like Julian Assange. Indeed, it’s just as likely that Obama is commuting Manning’s sentence because the harsh conditions under which she’s been imprisoned, including prolonged solitary confinement and 18 months without hormone treatment, outstrip her crime, and because the incoming administration — as friendly as its figurehead has been to WikiLeaks — would likely have worsened those conditions. (Among other things, Trump has promised to review the military’s transgender policy.) Whether you think it’s basic moral decency or some sophisticated 13th-dimensional chess move aimed at rattling Trump or dislodging WikiLeaks, certainly no one in Manning’s camp is going to spend too much time examining Obama’s motivations.
The commutation comes at an odd political moment, in which the outgoing Democratic administration is more closely aligned with the national-security establishment than the incoming Republican one. Trump infamously benefited from stolen emails published on WikiLeaks, and has praised Assange, and the commutation could be seen — if you’ve got a particularly simplistic idea of the complicated moral and ethical questions at stake — as an endorsement of WikiLeaks. One theory, based on this currently circulating WikiLeaks tweet, might be that commuting Manning’s sentence is the carrot needed to accomplish the long hoped-for extradition of Assange to the United States:
An early contender for the best scam/activist tactic of 2017, two students from Dalhousie University in Canada asked Justin Trudeau to take a selfie with them … and instead filmed a video asking the prime minister questions about his commitment to implementing the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Turns out, a “selfie” is great way to force a response out of a politician. Or at least force him to jump out of your video with extreme speed. (This excellent moment is about ten seconds into the video.)
The two women, Alex Ayton and Kathleen Olds, told BuzzFeed they wanted to hold Trudeau accountable to his campaign promises regarding UNDRIP. “I specifically asked Justin about UNDRIP because I believe it is emblematic of his general lack of accountability,” Olds explained to BuzzFeed. “I wanted to see whether he would be honest and accountable to his campaign promises or try to deflect, again. I guess now we know!”
I spent last Thursday afternoon in a fake home Verizon had thrown together in their offices near the World Trade Center. The point of the visit: to show off Verizon Fios’s new Fios Instant Internet service, which offers 750 Mbps (megabits per second) download-and-upload speeds for $150 a month, and available to 7 million homes and businesses in the NYC metro area, Philadelphia, and Richmond, Virginia. If 750 Mbps doesn’t mean that much to you, just know that it’s absurdly fast internet — fast enough to download nearly 94 megabytes per second. On a good connection, you could download your average Blu-ray movie in about a minute.
Inside Verizon’s ersatz apartment, four different TVs streamed movies and TV shows, two Xbox Ones ran games of Overwatch, a Wi-Fi-enabled doorbell kept watch outside, and a Canary system watched over the interior of the house. Plus, more smart-home gadgets were sprinkled around, including a couple of Google Homes and Philips Hue lightbulbs. I was able to check how many devices in total were connected to the network — they had over 50 devices up and running while I was there, all running through a single Verizon Fios router, and said during their stress tests they had put 103 devices on the network without a hitch. It was very impressive! I still left feeling a little baffled as to whom exactly this is for.
Of course, there are people out there who will read 750 Mbps download-and upload-speeds for $150 a month and sign up immediately — it’s much faster than any competing consumer service in the NYC metro area (and priced surprisingly reasonably). And Verizon Instant makes sense for a small business (all of New York Magazine runs on a connection not much faster than this, though it’s a business line set up quite differently than your average Fios connection).
I can understand the urge to get as much bandwidth as possible. After years of limping along on a terrible and spotty 10 Mbps connection, I recently shelled out for a decently fast 150 Mbps download-and-upload connection. The first time I was able to download a 50 GB file in less than ten minutes was a pleasant change of pace from when I used to plan overnight download sessions in order to install a new game on my PS4. It’s also nice to be able to stream a television show on one television while playing a game online somewhere else in the house, while also maybe streaming audio to an Amazon Echo, though I’m not sure how often that really happens. Still, I really like having a lot of bandwidth! It feels comforting, like having a solid rainy-day savings account or getting to the airport a half-hour earlier than you need to. But I don’t really need it.
But Verizon thinks that’ll change. One, as the Verizon spokesperson walking me through the apartment pointed out, I don’t have kids — and once you have a couple of Minecraft addicts under your roof, your bandwidth demands could change. Or if I lived with a lot of roommates who all used a lot of bandwidth. Or if I worked from home and did something like video editing, where uploading and downloading large files was par for course. But where Verizon sees the real growth is in how many smart devices consumers are soon going to have in their homes. Per NPD Group, there were on average 7.8 connected devices in the home in 2016, up by 64 percent compared to 2015. (Of course, growing by 64 percent to an average of 7.8 devices is, perhaps, not quite as impressive as it may at first seem.) Analyst group Gartner says an affluent home could have more than 500 connected devices by the year 2022.
But for anyone in their daily life, is 750 Mbps worth it for any reason other than to say you have stupidly fast internet? Especially considering that the vast majority of the rest of the internet is not set up to run that fast, including the other servers you’d be connecting to with your ultrafast connection? You’re basically going to be revving a muscle car all the way through the drive-through lane at Wendy’s. Perhaps if you lined your wall with 50 TVs all streaming 4K movies at the same time you could get close to maxing out your bandwidth, or ran a small server farm out of your apartment just for fun — otherwise, you’ve got a lot of extra bandwidth you’re not really using.
But that’s getting into some very fuzzy math — and some very fuzzy predictions. It’s tough to say how much bandwidth each of these devices will require. A TV streaming a 4K version of A Very Murray Christmas, or whatever, is going to require a lot more bandwidth than a Wi-Fi-enabled thermostat. But even assuming Gartner is correct, would an ultra-connected home in 2022 really require 750 Mbps?
Of course, there’s also a long history of asking “Why would you ever need a piece of tech that fast/large/small?” and being proven dead wrong. Maybe in five years, when 4K streaming is taken for granted and the average upper-middle-class home is filled with smart-home sensors and devices constantly pinging each other, 750 Mbps will seem perfectly in line with what people will need.
But for right now, Verizon is offering a tier of internet so above and beyond what’s needed that it doesn’t really make sense — and I’ll probably try to get my own 750 Mbps line put in my house by the end of the year.
To hear Facebook tell it, Carmack and Oculus founder Palmer Luckey met on a VR message board, and they worked together to refine the technology, eventually bringing a rough but promising prototype to E3, the video-game trade show, in 2012. In late November of 2013, it was announced that Carmack was officially leaving id to work for Oculus as their CTO. On his way out the door, he copied thousands of emails and files from his ZeniMax–owned computer — intellectual property that ZeniMax claims that they own.
From Gizmodo:
But let’s back up. Facebook is being sued by ZeniMax Media. That’s not a name that many people recognize, but it is the parent company of a few well-known video-game developers. They own Bethesda Game Studios, makers of The Elder Scrolls and Fallout, and id Software, the studio that made Doom and Quake. When they acquired id a few years ago, ZeniMax also acquired legendary designer and tinkerer John Carmack, who was working on VR tech of his own.
ZeniMax is suing Facebook for $2 billion, the same amount Facebook paid for Oculus. They are also claiming that Oculus’s kid-genius (and right-wing meme funder) Palmer Luckey violated a 2014 NDA he signed with ZeniMax in order to look at some of Carmack’s work. Oculus is the entity being sued here, not Facebook, but lawyers for ZeniMax are claiming that Facebook did not perform due diligence about Carmack and Luckey’s contractual relationships before closing the deal.
In a federal courtroom in Dallas yesterday, Mark Zuckerberg took the stand to explain that Facebook did not steal virtual reality when it paid $2 billion to acquire Oculus in 2014. Wearing a suit and tie (!), Zuckerberg was subjected to a grilling about contracts and legal technicalities in a lawsuit that could throw a major wrench in the company’s road map.
Facebook, unsurprisingly, is trying to cast ZeniMax as bitter and jealous, having turned down a chance to get in on the Oculus ground floor by rejecting deals that would have given it a stake in the budding company.
He appeared confident that the court would rule in Oculus’s favor. “It is pretty common when you announce a big deal or do something like that,” he said. “All kinds of people come out of the woodwork and claim that they just own some portion of the deal.” Still, lawyers were curious about how Zuckerberg didn’t know about the very recent history of Carmack, who is revered in the gaming and tech industries.
Zuckerberg claims to have never heard of ZeniMax before the Oculus deal.
Which brings us to yesterday, when Zuckerberg took the stand. Here’s what we learned.
Facebook rushed the deal.
Zuckerberg wanted a deal drafted Friday to be signed Monday, although he claimed that Facebook spends months considering potential acquisitions before they pull the trigger. ZeniMax’s lawyer, Toni Sammi, continued to press Zuckerberg on the rushed deal, however. He noted that Zuckerberg did not learn about the aforementioned NDA that Luckey had signed until 2016, and presented texts in which the Facebook CEO said, “keep pushing forward until we have something we can sign on a moment’s notice, then we can figure out how long we wait for diligence.”
Zuckerberg also admitted that the virtual-reality effort has been more complicated than originally anticipated. “These things end up being more complex than you think up front,” he told a lawyer from Oculus’s defense team. “If anything, we may have to invest even more money to get to the goals we had than we had thought up front.”
The VR rollout is slow going.
You know it’s serious when he shows up in something other than a gray hoodie or T-shirt.
Mark Zuckerberg does, in fact, own a suit.
The trial resumes today, when Palmer Luckey is expected to take the stand.
Almost a year ago, Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill sat for an interview where the pair was asked how they felt about the, let’s say, mixed reviews their film Batman v Superman was receiving. While Cavill launched into an answer (I think? honestly, who can remember what he said), Affleck simply sat beside him in silence looking palpably bummed. In that moment, a meme was born. The “Sad Affleck” clip would then be edited into a hit viral video focusing on Affleck’s face while Simon and Garfunkel’s “Sound of Silence” played in the background. (The original video has since been removed from YouTube, but use your imagination.)
The Wi-Fi-enabled mirror grades you on a scale from 1–100, tracks changes over time, and offers beauty tips reportedly sourced from dermatologists.
This week, Affleck broke his silence about becoming a meme in an interview with BBC Radio 1. “It taught me not to do interviews with Henry Cavill where I don’t say anything and they can lay Simon and Garfunkel tracks over it. That’s one thing I learned,” Affleck tells the interviewer about his experience working on Batman v Superman. Aspiring actors, directors, and beard-havers, take note.
At this point, it’s probably safe to say that James Malcolm has figured out who Nick Cave, of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds rock fame, is. But yesterday, all the 22-year-old comedian from New Zealand knew was people seemed to be clamoring to take pictures with Cave while they were waiting in an airport and he didn’t want to miss out.
One plane ride and several thousand retweets later — “put my phone on airplane mode when this had 7 likes then got off the plane and it’s gone bloody mental” — Malcolm’s naïveté has spawned something of a burgeoning meme on Twitter. Grab a picture of a celeb, add Malcolm’s call for someone to tell you who said celeb is, and you’re in business.
Of course, the meme works even better if you pop in a picture of Malcolm himself. Here’s hoping Nick Cave himself will get in on the meme soon.
Russia’s Foreign Ministry clarified today that it was permitting NSA leaker Edward Snowden to remain in the country for another three years, extending the asylum he was granted in 2013 shortly after fleeing the United States. “Snowden had just extended the term of the residence permit in Russia for another couple of years,” Russian government spokesperson Maria Zakharova wrote on Facebook. According to the New York Times, Snowden’s lawyer told a state-run news agency that the permit was valid until 2020.
Snowden has long argued that his actions, which shed light on the NSA’s vast, covert surveillance apparatus, are worthy of a pardon. The Obama administration has indicated that it has no plans to issue a pardon, noting that Snowden has not surrendered or stood trial for his purported crimes, unlike Chelsea Manning, who was granted clemency yesterday. It is nearly inconceivable that incoming president Donald Trump would pardon Snowden.
On Tuesday, a redditor by the name of Gus Johnson posted a photo of himself holding a sign to the /r/me_irl subreddit. The sign promised that for every upvote the post received, Johnson would give his cat a “stern look” and upload a video to YouTube. After some debate on whether Johnson’s post was in violation of the rules of /r/me_irl — technically photos of yourself a.k.a. you literally IRL are not allowed on the sub — Johnson found himself with 11,453 upvotes.
True to his sign’s promise, “this is not a bamboozle,” Johnson filmed and shared the video. It lasts for 49 minutes and involves him chasing his cat, Wendy (“we named her after the prostitute on Breaking Bad”), around the house while giving her many, many stern looks. A counter on the bottom of the video ticks upward with each glance.
Ah, art.
Nintendo’s latest console, the Nintendo Switch, hits shelves on March 3 and it could be a hit. The Switch takes an innovative approach to gaming by giving players the ability to transition from a home system to a mobile gaming device in a matter of seconds.
If you feel like your Instagram, Twitter, or Facebook has been inundated with an influx of selfies featuring your friends with slimmed, slightly paler, slightly rosy-cheeked faces over the past few days, you’re not alone. The popular Chinese photo-editing app Meitu — an app which Forbes Asia pointed out back in May 2016 and went public in December as per a report from the New York Times — seems to have suddenly surged in popularity here in the States.
Step 1: Download the app. This is easy.
The app is free and offers about 9 zillion different options for editing your photos, but it’s not the most user-friendly. Here’s what you need to know to expedite the process of creating your own “hand-drawn” selfies.
Step 2: Open up the “Hand-drawn” feature. The app will potentially open directly to this feature, but if it doesn’t (like we said, the app is a bit of a pain), swipe left from the app’s main menu and tap the blue “Hand-drawn” box with the picture of the woman with the giant eyes. This will soon be you.
Step 3: Tap “Try now.” Meitu currently tells me this feature has been “activated” over 100,000,000 times. Which, great, I guess.
Step 4: You’ll be prompted to choose from your camera roll, “Album,” or to take a new selfie to edit, “Camera.” Be sure to grant the app access to your photos and camera. Let’s assume you’re taking a new selfie to edit.
Step 5: Take a selfie. Make sure you see the word “Effects” highlighted in blue, rather than the word “Beauty.” This will be important to making you look better in the next step.
Step 6: Choose a filter. You’ve got a bunch of options ranging from “Jungle,” which just seemed to make my face thinner, paler, and pinker, and not at all like I’d recently been in the Amazon; “Fresh,” which did all that plus turning my lips the same shade as Pepto-Bismol; and “Youthful,” which made me look like a hot baby by smoothing all wrinkles from my skin with the added benefit of also blurring my nose into oblivion. (If you want to get really fancy, you can tap the tricolored logo on the lower right-hand corner of the screen and play with the levels of each filter, but we’re just going with the basics here.) Once you’ve found your filter, tap the blue check mark.
Step 7: Select another filter to put over your now flawless (read: problematically edited to comply with a certain standard of beauty) selfie. These are the fun ones: “Angelic,” which basically eliminates your neck and floats your head amongst a teal sea dotted with white feathers; “Mermaid,” a nice bubble effect with the added benefit of making your eyebrows pop; or my personal favorite, “Petals,” which I’ve added to this picture of PEOTUS, who I think should really consider this lip color for the inauguration.
Step 8: Tap the pink “Save” button in the upper right-hand corner of the screen. From there, you can opt to share the photo from the Meitu app on Instagram and Facebook or you can use use the image you saved to your camera roll at a later time.
Earlier today, Donald Trump tweeted what he said was a three-week-old picture of himself writing his inaugural address from a desk in his Palm Beach mansion Mar-a-Lago, or, sorry, the “Winter White House.”
As tends to be the case with the president-elect’s social-media statements, there is much to discuss. First, there’s the fact that Trump seems to be drafting his first speech as POTUS with a … Sharpie. And second, perhaps more important, there’s the question of Trump’s desk, which, as Twitter user @missdewey points out, appears to be one usually occupied by an administrative or hospitality professional — a receptionist or concierge, maybe — in a public hall at Mar-a-Lago, and not in a private office.
Live by Twitter, die by Twitter! Or, at least, have your photographs picked apart on Twitter. As @missdewey’s tweet, which pulls an Instagram picture from @palmbeachshowgroup back in October 2015, shows, the woman in the photo appears to be seated at the exact same desk pictured in Trump’s tweet. After some extensive Googling, Select All has determined the desk in question is located not in a private Mar-a-Lago suite, but in what appears to be a usually public hallway. (You can also find an image of the hall in the photo gallery on the Mar-a-Lago website here.) To see it for yourself, please take note at about the 2:25 mark of this handy video from HGTV. In case you’re not yet convinced, take a closer look at the detailing on the distinctive tile walls behind the desk in both pictures.
So we’re not saying that Trump didn’t write his speech, in Sharpie, on a legal pad, at this desk, with its magnificent and inspirational eagle statue. Obviously he did; why would the president-elect stage such a photograph? It seems clear the Secret Service cleared out Mar-a-Lago, to give Trump the privacy and quiet he needed, and he chose that particular hallway desk to begin writing his speech. Which is his right, as Mar-a-Lago’s owner.
Given the Instagram photo was from a public event, it seems highly unlikely this desk is located in the Trumps’ private residence. But it is possible that Trump closed off this particular hallway over the holidays (and cleared that desk of its computer), so as to give himself a quiet space to work. “Trump and his family live in a private, closed-off residence within the main club house, the rest of which is open to members,” the New York Post reported in November. “Occasionally, Trump will have communal spaces sequestered off for private family events like a movie night, but typically, the president-elect dines and hobnobs right alongside fellow members.”
Now, look, far be it from the staff of Select All to judge the president-elect’s choice of venue. Lord knows we have worked, by choice and by necessity, on some odd and unfortunate surfaces. But … well, we are a little bit concerned that the only workspace in the newly dubbed “Winter White House” is a desk usually reserved for a receptionist and her computer. Surely there is a co-working space in Palm Beach?
You may remember the botnet Mirai. It gained serious notoriety in mid-October of last year, after an incredibly massive Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attack blocked most users on the Eastern Seaboard from accessing sites like Reddit, Netflix, Twitter, and many others for half a day, thanks to knocking domain-name system manager Dyn offline. The Mirai botnet DDoS attack was large enough that James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, had to go on record as saying the attack was from a “non-state actor” — that is to say, it probably wasn’t Russia or China doing it.
But before Mirai took down Dyn, it was used to attack the blog of popular internet-security reporter Brian Krebs, who runs the blog Krebs on Security. The attack, which at the time was the largest DDoS attack ever seen, slamming the site with 620 gigabits of data per second (or more than double the previous record), was Mirai’s debut on the world stage. It would follow up this performance by hitting a French web-hosting company with 1 terabit of data per second — still the current record for the largest DDoS attack ever.
Four months later, Brian Krebs has published what, to my mind, seems like pretty convincing proof of the identity of the person behind the Mirai botnet: Paras Jha, a Rutgers student and, per his LinkedIn profile, president at ProTraf Solutions “a DDoS mitigation firm that has a proven track record in mitigating DDoS attacks that competitors cannot.”
Krebs’s investigation is over 8,000 words and goes heavy into detail as to why Jha is the likely creator of Mirai (as well he should — he’s publicly accusing someone of creating a botnet the FBI and DHS have taken a very active interest in). He’s even provided a glossary to help readers follow along.
The story has enough twists for a decent John le Carré novel and really, just go read it because it’s a fascinating look at the petty squabbles and internecine warfare of hackers and script kiddies, but here’s the high-level version. Shortly after the Mirai attacks, a user named “Anna Senpai” released the source code for Mirai on a popular hacker forum, saying that the security industry was catching up and Mirai wasn’t as effective as it once was. So, “Anna-senpai” can pretty definitely be said to be the creator of Mirai.
From there, Krebs begins to link Anna-senpai back to Jha. It starts, as about 75 percent of internet bullshit does, around online gaming — in this case Minecraft. (You’ll also be shocked to learn that anime plays a part as well.) People who ran popular private servers could make money from doing so — and were also frequent targets of DDoS attacks from competitors. One of the companies offering to protect Minecraft servers — and sometimes taking down Minecraft servers protected by their competitors? A company associated with Jha’s ProTraf.
Krebs stumbled across Jha’s LinkedIn profile shortly after, which says he can develop in “C#, Java, Golang, C, C++, PHP, x86 [and] ASM.” Krebs finds an application Anna-senpai posted to a hacker forum, asking for membership in a hacking group, which lists his programming languages as “ASM, C, Go, Java, C#, and PHP” — virtually the exact same skill set.
Krebs then finds a vanity domain Jha’s father bought for him, parasjha.com, where Jha says he codes under the handle “dreadiscool.” Krebs then goes down that rabbit hole to link “dreadiscool” to “Anna-senpai” and then links those other accounts like “jorgemichaels” and “OG_Richard_Stallman,” who gained reputations for threatening to DDoS web hosting companies unless they paid up.
OG_Richard_Stallman in particular gained a reputation for DDoSing Rutgers University over and over, threatening to not stop until they hired a DDoS-mitigating service (much like the one Rutger’s student Jha is the president of). At one point, he even gives a Reddit AMA about his exploits, and gives a Q&A with a local New Jersey blogger.
You can see the problem here: The creator of Mirai has the bad habit of bragging, and can’t stop reaching out to various people to gloat about his abilities to bring them to their knees. It all builds up until Krebs finally gets confirmation from one Ammar Zuberi, a friend of Paras Jha, who tells Krebs, “When I saw that the Mirai code had been leaked on that domain at Namecentral, I straight up asked Paras at that point, ‘Was this you?,’ and he smiled and said ‘yep.’”
Krebs has reached out to various people and institutions, including the FBI, Jha, and Rutgers, for comment. But you’ve got to imagine that Krebs, whose site was taken down for four days in a Mirai DDoS attack, is feeling pretty happy this evening.
There’s a certain tone to Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook (unblockable!) posts, a kind of “aw shucks” white-bread earnestness — not unpleasant, not offensive, just friendly and happy to be here.
Look, Zuck runs the world’s largest social network, so he can’t just issue a boilerplate PR press release for the hoi polloi, like the CEO of an oil company or auto manufacturer, and be done with it — he has to connect, to show the power of Facebook’s platform to allow people to share moments from their lives. That means charming anecdotes about his dog alongside announcements about new charity initiatives. The means s 360° video of his child’s first steps. The means bland platitudes about personal plans to read more books or run a mile a day. That means warm, inviting photography. And it means a team of at least a dozen people helping run his Facebook page.
As Bloomberg reports, Zuck doesn’t do this on his own. He has a whole team of at least 12 people who help write his posts for him, shoot those beautiful candid photographs he posts — including Washington Post stringer Charles Ommanney — and moderate his comments to keep the incredibly racist and vile stuff off Zuck’s page.
None of this should be any surprise. Most major social-media presences are managed by a team of people, and why should Zuck be any different? And Zuck seems to realize he still has some serious image rehab to do after years of being painted as a cold, socially awkward boy genius. As court documents show, Zuck unfiltered was an odd and aggressive creature (though, granted, he was much, much younger when typing those IMs than he is today — and God forbid we all be judged on what we type into ostensibly secret chat windows). And Jesse Eisenberg’s alternatively insecure and ruthless portrayal of Zuckerberg in 2010’s The Social Network probably did him no favors ether.
So one of his Zuck’s strategic goals, both for himself and for Facebook, has to been to turn “Mark Zuckerberg, billionaire tech weirdo” into “Mark Zuckerberg, goofy nerd who cares about the world’s problem’s, especially yours.” This is especially true because, with Steve Jobs gone, there simply is no other tech company than Facebook that is so thoroughly seen through the lens of its CEO. A strange and creepy Zuck translates into a strange and creepy social network. A happy-go-lucky Zuck that goes on safaris, builds his own personal home-AI, and loves to play with his dog translates into a social network meant for moments from your personal life, both big and small.
The latest manifestation of this? A series of posts from Texas, which Zuckerberg is posting as if it’s part of his 2017 promise to visit all 50 states of the United States this year.
There’s Zuck in Dallas “for work” (i.e., testifying in a massive lawsuit case against Facebook subsidiary Oculus Rift), planting a community garden tree:
There’s Zuck sitting down with normal, everyday folks.
There’s Zuck taking part in a cultural tradition outside his own Northeastern upbringing:
And there’s Zuck doing the classic factory tour, in case a data center for Facebook:
Plenty of people have pointed out these posts — and Zuck’s overall plan to visit all 50 states in 2017 — feel an awful lot like what someone would do if they were getting ready to run for political office. And it was recently revealed Zuckerberg asked for — and got — permission to serve for two years in government without relinquishing control of Facebook.
But maybe you don’t need to see political machinations at play here. Two years isn’t a long time to serve in government. At most Zuckerberg could serve one term in the House of Representatives if elected (or serve in an another position if appointed by a president, which seems unlikely under Trump). Maybe all these rodeos and community gardens and local diner sit-downs are just Zuckerberg and his team’s awkward attempt to make him seem like exactly what he is not — just another average Facebook user.
Speedrunning, a subculture of video game fandom dedicated to figuring out how to get through games as fast as possible, can be fascinating. It can also be incredibly opaque to outsiders. The shorthand lingo developed among the truly obsessed — “Bullet Bill glitch,” “fast four dash two,” “flagpole clipping” — gives me the same feeling I get when I stumble across a game of cricket. I know something impressive is happening, but I have no idea what exactly it is.
Which is why I love YouTube user Summoning Salt’s “Super Mario Bros World Record Progression” video. Using layman’s language, Summoning Salt clearly and lucidly explains how a group of dedicated speedrunners spent 12 years shaving seconds off the world-record time in Nintendo’s classic Super Mario Bros., starting at 5:10 and finally arriving (as of this writing) at just under 4:56.
Those 14 seconds may not seem like much, but watch the video and you get a sense of the sheer dedication these young men (and they all are young men) threw into this game. Combined, they ran through the game thousands and thousands of times, looking for every tiny advantage. It doesn’t just take playing the game with a kind of muscle-memory perfection few people achieve at anything in life, it also requires carefully figuring out where the game’s code breaks in very specific ways — and combining those glitches with perfect runs to set new world records.
Summoning Salt has another video that’s equally fascinating, looking at the same race for the world record in speedruning Mike Tyson’s Punch-Out!!. What makes the videos stand out from the crowd is Summoning Salt’s ability to create narrative and drama out of people throwing themselves against the brick walls of incredibly difficult games over and over again.
It’s like 30 for 30, except for people who don’t get much sunlight. I cannot recommend a better way to spend your lunch break today.
Mark Zuckerberg’s personal challenge for 2017 — to visit and meet with people “in every state in the U.S. by the end of the year” — has the air of a diplomatic mission. After a year in which Facebook was roundly criticized from the right (for allegedly suppressing conservative “trending topics”) and the left (for allowing Trump-friendly “fake news” to run rampant on his platform), its founder and CEO’s tour of the 50 states is certainly more ambassadorial than past yearly challenges, like running 365 miles, or learning Mandarin.
It also has the inevitable air of a presidential campaign — maybe unsurprising, given recent rumors that Zuckerberg is quietly considering a future presidential run.
The project was partially organized by Taylor Toynes, an activist/community organizer and head of the nonprofit For Oak Cliff. “I will forever respect Mark Zuckerberg for his actions today, but I must also hold him and others accountable to the fact that children are dying due to poverty and lack of healthy food,” Toynes wrote on his Facebook page.
Zuck kicked off his U.S. tour on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, in the state of Texas. High-school students from the Talented and Gifted Magnet School in the Dallas neighborhood of Oak Cliff had gathered to build a garden for the local community, when a white car pulled up. Out stepped the fourth-richest person in the United States, who would spend the next three hours helping with their project.
“We’re all like, ‘But why Mark Zuckerberg? It’s MLK Day,’” TAG student Ileana Valdez joked. “I guess the biggest surprise was how casual he was,” classmate Tatyana Brown said. “He took his glove off and reached out to me and said, ‘Hey, I’m Mark,’ as if I didn’t know. He was extremely casual and humble, and I really respected that.”
The trial concerns Facebook’s acquisition of the virtual-reality company Oculus. ZeniMax, a Texas-based gaming company, claims that Oculus stole proprietary VR technology. The company is seeking $2 billion in damages — which is the amount that Facebook paid to purchase Oculus from its founder, Palmer Luckey.
Of course, Zuckerberg’s trip to Dallas wasn’t just about garden-planting. In the many Facebook posts documenting his journey through the Dallas-Fort Worth area, Zuckerberg failed to mention that the reason his tour kicked off in Texas was because he was required to testify in a federal trial in Dallas. (Not that there’s anything wrong with killing two birds with one stone.)
After a Tuesday-morning tour of an in-construction Facebook data center in Fort Worth, Zuckerberg took the stand and, in testimony not quite as snappy as The Social Network would have you believe, swore that he is “highly confident that Oculus products are built on Oculus technology.”
His errand accomplished, Zuckerberg continued his tour of the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area. Later Tuesday night, he attended the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo with Fort Worth mayor Betsy Price and Republican state representative Charlie Geren. “He had never been to a rodeo,” Mayor Price told Select All. “He had never seen one so he was very interested. It was Bulls Night Out, which isn’t our traditional rodeo, but he really enjoyed it.”
Community work, a visit to a local employer, a conversation with police officers (discussing social media and police work, apparently) and an event with local politicians — it was exactly the kind of tour that would-be presidents take all the time. (Also presidential: the 12-person team writing, photographing, and maintaining Zuckerberg’s personal Facebook page.) The question of course, is whether — cowboy hat or no — Facebook-blue Zuckerberg would actually have a chance in historically red Texas. Jim Schutze, who has been covering local politics and culture for the Dallas Observer since 1998 told Select All that Dallas is primed to gravitate toward throwing its support at a candidate like Zuckerberg if he were to indeed run for president.
After “Bulls Night Out” (a variation of the rodeo focused specifically on bull-riding challenges), Zuckerberg met with the riders, asking them about what drew them to their careers. “We got him a cowboy hat,” Price said. “He’d never had a cowboy hat.”
“I never thought these words would leave my lips, but I really think Dallas is now in danger of becoming a cool city, entirely on the backs of young people who are busy building Little Brooklyns in old inner-city neighborhoods,” Schutze said. “As far as I can tell, Facebook is to that culture what the Baptist Church was to the old one — the social glue, the personal reinforcement and the hymnal. But this way they can drink and dance. Whether that new Dallas would want to do what Mark Zuckerberg told it to do is a question far over my head, but I know this for sure: They would walk through fire to go hear him talk.”
“It’s pretty common when you announce a big deal, or do something, that all kinds of people just kind of come out of the woodwork and claim that they just own some portion of the deal,” he told the court. “Like most people in the court, I’ve never even heard of ZeniMax before.”
“He’s very innovative and can be very, very flexible,” Fort Worth’s mayor said, “and he seems to like the Texas culture a lot.” On Wednesday, Zuck drove from Fort Worth to Waco, meeting with community leaders in Waxahachie along the way. “In many ways, I still don’t have a clear sense of Texas,” he wrote on Facebook. “I’ll remember this experience for a very long time.”
This week’s popular app is Meitu, a Chinese photo-editing app that makes users look extremely kawaii by blowing out their eyes and airbrushing them to the seventh level of Hell. The app is fun on its own, but I like it in particular because it has also resurrected one of my favorite running jokes: “I can be your devil or angle [sic].”
To hear database Know Your Meme tell it, this amazing piece of art, featuring one man in two bathroom selfies, rendered as a devil and an angel, was posted to Cringe Channel in the summer of 2013. (“Cringe,” if you are unfamiliar, concerns that internet genre of awkward human encounters that make you feel deeply uncomfortable.) The photo, with its unfortunate trigonometric misspelling, circulated on Reddit and Something Awful.
This, dare I say, art might feel familiar — it functions as a sort of Ur-meme, a predecessor to recently popular joke constructions like “Get you a man who can do both.” Somewhere along the way, the phrase was transmuted to “i can be your angle … or yuor devil.” KYM points to a popular tweet featuring pictures of YouTuber Egoraptor as the culprit.
The thing I can’t shake is an odd, unprovable feeling that the “yuor devil” meme is older than 2013. It has a distinctly “MySpace edgelord” vibe to it, like it’s the sort of photo that would feel appropriate to cover in Blingees and embed right above your Top 8. But I could not find any mention of it past three years ago. Odd.
Anyway, here we are, in 2017, and Meitu with its dastardly filters is helping to bring “yuor devil” back to the fore.
Congrats to all of the multifaceted angles and devils out there.
Today, Donald J. Trump will take the oath of office and become the 45th president of the United States of America.
One way of interpreting these facts would be to say that Trump has shown great interest in occupying the most powerful office in the world, and little interest in fulfilling the associated duties. Back in July, when Trump selected Mike Pence as his running mate, the New York Times reported that John Kasich had originally been presented with the position. Donald Trump Jr. reportedly told Kasich that Trump’s vice-president would be in charge of domestic and foreign policy (so, everything), while Trump would focus on “making America great again.”
The way things are shaping up, a Trump presidency will be defined by largely unpopular orthodox Republican policy, repackaged under, and sold via, the somewhat more popular Trump brand name. Just as in his business, the most powerful tool in the Trump arsenal is his brand, the Trump name and gilded image. Which raises an admittedly absurd question: Does the Donald Trump presidency actually need Donald Trump, the human vessel?
Obviously it needs the Trump character — Mike Pence will not be able to command the attention of the press in the way that Trump clearly can. But thanks to deeply terrifying new technologies, Trump the human is less necessary than ever. It would be easier than you might think to create a digital facsimile of Donald Trump, one that could be deployed if Donald Trump became incapacitated — or inconvenient — in some way. Despite his insistence that he is “no puppet,” it would hardly be impossible to craft and deploy a digital puppet Donald Trump.
From a historical perspective, there are far less severe precedents for shielding the public from aspects that might affect their faith in the president’s ability to lead. When Woodrow Wilson was incapacitated by a stroke in 1919, his wife, Edith Wilson, fulfilled most of his executive duties until he left office, more than a year later. Most of the country was unaware at the time. The wheelchair-bound Franklin Delano Roosevelt requested that the press not take photos of him walking or transferring into his car, and if the Secret Service spotted anyone doing so, they had orders to interfere.
Ronald Reagan, who was elected to office at age 69, only slightly younger than Trump, has been the subject of much speculation. One of his sons, Ron, has alleged that Reagan began exhibiting symptoms of Alzheimer’s nearly a decade before he was officially diagnosed (other family members and Reagan’s doctor at the time dispute this). According to the Los Angeles Times, “Most high-level White House aides believed that President Reagan was so depressed, inept and inattentive in the wake of disclosures about the Iran-Contra scandal early in 1987 that the possibility of invoking the 25th Amendment to remove him from office was raised in a memo to Howard H. Baker Jr., then Reagan’s chief of staff.”
Most recently, effects artists at Industrial Light & Magic working on Rogue One: A Star Wars Story reconstructed the likeness of Peter Cushing by poring over hours of decades-old footage from A New Hope to get small details, such as the way his lips parted, exactly right. But reconstructing people from old material is not new. The otherwise forgotten 2004 film Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow re-created Laurence Olivier, dead for 13 years at that point, using archival footage of the young actor. More than four years ago, the Tupac hologram made waves at Coachella, kick-starting a cottage industry of touring, deceased musicians. “There is nothing that the artists at ILM did to produce the digital humans in Rogue One that could not be done today to produce a clip of a digital President Trump,” Seymour asserted.
There are, similarly, hours of old footage of Trump, from his years as a New York socialite mugging for the camera to his late-career turn as a reality-television mogul on The Apprentice. Hours of footage that can be studied for mannerisms and movement patterns, facial tics, and so on and so forth. The easiest solution, according to Seymour, would be to composite another person’s mouth onto old footage of Trump, but that limits what can be accomplished.
Here’s a demo from March 2016 demonstrating how facial retargeting works, mapped onto the faces of leaders like Trump, former president George W. Bush, and … Vladimir Putin.
Despite his love of attention, Trump has indicated that he would prefer to conduct many of his presidential duties from Trump Tower, rather than spend too much time in the White House. Trump spent much of the late campaign season (when he thought he’d lose), and then the subsequent transition period (when he couldn’t believe he’d won) on his perch high above Manhattan, meeting only with his closest advisers. A quote circulating from the president-elect this week — “I mean my day one is gonna be Monday because I don’t want to be signing and get it mixed up with lots of celebration” — could be interpreted as Trump approaching the presidency as a nine-to-five job.
Pulling all of this together into a believable package is the most difficult step in the process. “Our brains have developed specially to process and deal with faces. The tiniest facial muscle movement can denote major emotional differences,” Seymour told me. “Today, gaining a believable lip-synced animation is extremely hard and only a couple of places in the film world can reliably deliver.”
How expensive this initiative would be is difficult to say. (If they really want a low-budget way to use the Trump avatar, his handlers need only gain access to his Twitter account.) The effort to create digital humans is still young but accelerating at a rapid pace, and the size of the project determines the size of the budget. The government could have a few guys who are smart with limited resources or you could have a team of dozens burning million-dollar budgets like a major Hollywood studio. It all depends on the complexity of the project and the level of fidelity aspired to. It’s worth noting that even the largest Hollywood film budgets pale in comparison to federal defense spending.
Then there’s the speech aspect. Trump’s vocal stylings are … certainly unique, but they can be broken down and analyzed, as some linguists already have. Using a large enough corpus of text, chatbots can be modeled using past speeches as a seed for future phrases. In November, Photoshop-maker Adobe demoed a new type of technology called VoCo, short for “voice conversion.” In the demonstration, the software user was able to rearrange words in a phrase to create new audio snippets, and to use the existing audio to fashion new words that were not present in the original sample. Get a few Trumpisms (“bigly,” “yuuge”), throw in some policy specifics, and Trump’s handlers could make the digital impostor say whatever they wanted.
The big caveat, however, is that we live in highly skeptical times. Conspiracy theorists on Reddit are ready to pounce on anything they see that doesn’t add up. Any small glitch could set off alarm bells (getting eyes right is apparently a big stopping point for clearing the uncanny valley). Any big problem — like if a digital Trump were to start glitching out like Milli Vanilli’s ill-fated MTV performance — could prove disastrous. The solution would simply be to have Trump avoid any sort of live appearance; instead only showing up on televisions and computer screens. Our new president has already expressed a complete and utter distaste for the news media; the last press conference that he held in 2016 was in late July. Otherwise, he was content to avoid anyone who might scrutinize him. A digitized-Trump presidency might be one of taped statements and few public appearances.
Is this scenario ridiculous? Clearly, yes — it is unimaginable that Trump would be sidelined and that members of the federal government would secretly use digital techniques to plant words in the mouth of a CGI Trump puppet in order to further their own agenda. But it is not impossible: The tools exist, and the subject appears willing to let others do his job so long as he gets the credit. This scenario won’t happen, it couldn’t possibly. We said the same thing about Trump winning the presidency.
Historical precedent for masking the president’s condition only gets us half of the way there. We still need technology capable producing a digital Trump that’s lifelike enough. To find out whether this was possible, I emailed digital facial expert Mike Seymour from Sydney University, who co-authors the industry blog fxguide.com.
Thanks to a surge in mobile viewing, poor bitrates, low-quality streams, and other compromises on audiovisual fidelity, it would be easy to skirt any close analysis of media produced by the Executive branch. “In reality, given our diet of YouTube-user-generated content,” Seymour observed, “a poorly shot, grainy, or lower-resolution clip of a digital President Trump would be most likely more believable than a clip of the quality seen in Rogue One.” That film even considered a similar tactic; if the CGI Cushing facsimile had been too deep in the uncanny valley, they would have presented him as a fuzzy hologram transmission instead.
Creating a 3-D facial scan of Trump wouldn’t be that hard. “Producing a lifelike high-resolution model is not quick, but there are many senior artists around the world who could do a remarkable job,” Seymour wrote, “and this could be aided by using photogrammetry that would digitally reconstruct a model from a suitable set of press photographs.”
To make things easier, the president mostly gives speeches from behind a desk or podium, saving technicians the need to model his lower body or have the movements performed by a motion-capture actor. (An email sent to ILM seeking comment on the plausibility of this hypothetical — what it would take to construct a digital Trump — went unreturned.)
“The situation gets worse, or better depending on your point of view, if we look at what is happening in the research labs,” he added. “Teams such as Pinscreen, and USC-ICT are producing remarkable models of a human face from a single quality still image. While not yet commercially available, in their labs, using complex machine learning, computer vision, and AI, they are producing a believable model of any face from one photo.”
But why go through all that trouble? It would be easy to convince someone like Trump, with his love of the camera, to willfully submit to a 3-D facial scan. Just tell him that it’s for posterity. That’s the same reasoning by which the Smithsonian was able to obtain a 3-D facial scan of Barack Obama last year. Seymour added that the file’s handlers are “clever enough to never post that data on the internet.”
And I haven’t even mentioned that it is still the case that many technological advancements are developed by the military, and then trickle down to private industry. If movie studios can do this much, then maybe we should ask what the government is capable of. After we put on our tinfoil hats, of course.
But that will change. “This technology is growing nearly daily and deep learning and neural nets are contributing not only to modeling and facial tracking, but soon to fine detail, high-frequency animation also,” Seymour added. “The actual computer rendering of the face has already become remarkably complex, producing digital skin that accurately represents the way light both reflects off skin and is partially absorbed and scattered.” In the meantime, popular effects programs are already available for licensing — products like Chaos Group’s V-Ray, Autodesk’s Arnold, and Pixar’s RenderMan can all be had for the right price.
Last night, protesters gathered outside of the “DeploraBall,” a celebratory event with a silly name hosted by Trump support organization MAGA3X at the National Press Club. Among the protesters was a young boy named Conner, who allegedly lit signs on fire in protest of Trump’s presidency. Given the crowds, Conner clearly wasn’t alone in his efforts, but he was alone when he gave a very, let’s say … passionate sound bite to Fox News as to why he felt the need to light something on fire.
“My name is Conner and I actually kinda started this fire. Because I felt like it, and I’m just saying … screw our president!” Come for the clips of a young redheaded protester speaking his mind, stay for the shot of the news anchor looking overwhelmed and hightailing it away from him. Welcome, Conner, to viral celebrity.
Prior to the inaugural swearing-in ceremony, Donald and Melania Trump were greeted in front of the White House and welcomed inside for tea and coffee with Barack and Michelle Obama. Melania handed Michelle a gift, which looked, from the telltale blue box, to be something from Tiffany & Co., and the two couples stood and posed for a series of photographs before heading inside.
Same, Michelle. Same.
Peaceful transition of power aside, it looked awkward as all hell. And Twitter pounced.
Today is Inauguration Day in Washington, D.C. All the most powerful and important people in the country are there: Donald Trump. Barack and Michelle Obama. The Clintons. The opera singer from America’s Got Talent. Who’s not there? Well … crowds. People on Twitter have been comparing the pictures of the National Mall today to pictures from Obama’s first inauguration in 2009 — and even his second in 2013 — and Trump’s seems a bit empty by comparison.
Hope the people who did show up are in a cheering mood. They’ve got a lot of ground to cover.
Donald Trump is now president of the United States. Which means in addition to his personal Twitter — which he has not surrendered despite public concerns — Trump also controls @POTUS. As of yet — probably because he’s been a little occupied with the whole inauguration thing — Trump hasn’t tweeted. And people seem to be really enjoying the silence, however temporary it may be.
Last week, the Guardian published a report highlighting a security researcher’s discovery of what he described as a serious flaw in WhatsApp, the popular messaging service owned by Facebook and used by more than a billion people around the globe.
The findings, published by researcher Tobias Boelter, centered on the end-to-end encryption that WhatsApp uses by default and how it handles encryption keys while offline. “End-to-end” encryption means that a message is coded on the sender’s device, and decoded on the recipient’s device, so that anyone who intercepts the message is left with an encrypted, unreadable jumble of text. The encryption keys are how the app determines that the sender and recipient are who they say they are. WhatsApp “automatically resends an undelivered message with a new key without warning the user in advance or giving them the ability to prevent it.” The bottom line is this: A very dedicated person could exploit this slight window with the right, very specific tools.
Another security researcher quoted by the Guardian explained it thusly: “WhatsApp can effectively continue flipping the security keys when devices are offline and re-sending the message, without letting users know of the change till after it has been made, providing an extremely insecure platform.”
This week, dozens of cybersecurity experts are calling on the Guardian to retract or correct their story, worried that it has scared users into switching to less secure messaging options.
Facebook, when contacted about the app’s behavior, said that it was expected behavior, and not the sort of back door that Boelter was making it out to be. Still, the report set off panic about WhatsApp’s security, with activists reportedly telling each other to leave the app for fear of its security holes.
The experts’ letter is extensive in its rebuttal but here’s the tl;dr section toward the end.
So, is WhatsApp safe to use? In 99 percent of applications, the answer is yes. (And if you need a chat app for that other one percent of applications, you probably aren’t getting your security news from Select All.) Certainly, it’s still one of the safest options you can use if you want to easily encrypt your communications, despite what you may have heard.
As part of the peaceful transition of power, Donald Trump took over the @POTUS account on Twitter. (Barack Obama can now be found at @POTUS44.) He hasn’t tweeted anything yet, but people are already noticing something funny about the account. The cover photo — a shot of a crowd of people on that National Mall waving American flags — is actually from 2009. Meaning, of course, the photo is from Obama’s inauguration and not Trump’s.
On the upside, because he’s been busy getting sworn in as president, Trump hasn’t tweeted yet.
Should they have? There’s a high-level security debate to be had over the app’s design, but many security experts agree that the perceived vulnerability is not a wide-open back door into the system.
Now, if you’re particularly paranoid, you may not want to use an app owned by an enormous corporation like Facebook, one that has a documented relationship with the U.S. government. That’s okay, too. The bottom line in current mobile-messaging security anyway is that the independent, open-source app Signal is the all-around safest and most secure option available. WhatsApp is a fine alternative, but your best bet might just be to use Signal.
Update: The account has since been updated and the cover photo is now an American flag.
Donald Trump just finished giving his inaugural address to relatively small crowds on the National Mall. He spoke of defending borders, crime, bringing back jobs, helping America start “winning” again, and … he possibly, definitely, cribbed a line from Bane, the iconic Batman villain.
Compare that to Bane’s speech from The Dark Knight Rises in 2012.
As it turns out, libertarian pundit Ben Domenech predicted the exact line Trump would share with Bane:
Here’s an edit from Jezebel showing the controversial leaders giving their inspirational speeches back-to-back:
According to the numbers, about 250,000 people came out for Donald Trump today. By comparison, 1.8 million people came out for Obama in 2009.
Here’s Trump’s speech:
As our new president might say, quoting Bane, “Now is not the time for fear. That comes later.”
Donald Trump was sworn in today as the 45th president of the United States. And, since our newly minted leader is so fond of the platform, it seems only right that we document the day in tweets. Without further ado, here’s 2017’s Inauguration Day in 140 characters or fewer.
Before taking the oath of office, Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, were welcomed into the White House by Barack and Michelle Obama. The Trumps brought a gift. Photos were taken. Pained smiles all around.
Fashion, of course, played a role in the day. There was Melania’s Jackie Kennedy–esque ensemble.
Bernie Sanders and George W. Bush both went the utilitarian-chic route.
While Kellyanne Conway opted for a patriotic salute to London — sorry, the United States.
Hillary and Bill Clinton were in attendance.
Meanwhile, back at the National Mall, a small crowd gathered to watch the event. Emphasis on small. While 1,800,000 people turned out for Obama’s inauguration in 2009, only an estimated 250,000 were at Trump’s ceremony today.
And the weather forecast was grim, though the rain would hold off for most of the event.
The event began. Prayers were said. And more prayers. And after that, even more prayers.
As Trump was being sworn in, he officially took ownership of the @POTUS Twitter account. A transition which wasn’t without its drama.
Trump gave his inaugural address. High points included a charmingly gory line about the color of American blood and a line snatched straight from Bane’s monologue in 2012’s The Dark Knight Rises.
And then the ceremony was complete. Donald Trump and his family headed off to watch the new president’s first officials act: A signing ceremony involving 900 different pens.
Let the @POTUS tweets begin.
The Women’s March and other demonstrations and protests taking place nationwide tomorrow will also be monitored by a large contingent of local and federal law-enforcement officials. In an ideal situation, peaceful, lawful protest would not get anyone into trouble — but this is not the society we live in, and even nonviolent protesters may find themselves swept up in mass arrests or have their privacy or safety otherwise compromised by heavy-handed policing or broad surveillance mechanisms.
Luckily, there are a handful of easy ways to ensure that you’re not giving up private information — like messages to fellow activists, or your location — while also lawfully demonstrating. If you’re anticipating getting into what Representative John Lewis has described as “good trouble” at the protest, here are some things you should do.
Encrypt your phone
Leave your phone at home
Seriously. Do not bring your phone with you. Make a plan to meet up with friends, and come up with a meet-up location in case you get separated instead. Along with personally identifiable information, like text messages and social-media accounts, which might incriminate you or others, your phone’s location-services function can track your movements and whereabouts. Carrying your phone with you is literally carrying a large record of who you are, what you’re up to, and where you’ve been. If you don’t want authorities to have access to that record, don’t even create it. Leave your phone at home.
If you back up your phone, make sure that the backup is encrypted as well. (Apple has instructions here.) And back it up locally — with an iPhone, through iTunes. If you back up your phone to the cloud, law enforcement can obtain the archived contents of your phone from the cloud provider without your cooperation.
The legal question of whether police can compel you to unlock your phone via biometric authentication — i.e., your fingerprint — is still very much up in the air, but the odds are not in your favor. And if you get arrested and fingerprinted, law enforcement might not even need your assistance to do so. So turn off this functionality (on an iPhone: Settings > “TouchID and Passcode”), and stick to unlocking via keyboard input. That being said, a court ruled as recently as last month that police could compel someone to give up their passcode, so it bears repeating: Do not bring your phone.
Turn off Touch ID
Okay … so you decided not to listen and you brought your phone to the protest. Now you need to encrypt it with a passcode. On an Android, go to Settings > Security > “Encrypt phone” and follow the directions. If you have an iPhone, go to the Settings app, select “Touch ID & Passcode,” and create a passcode. Make sure it’s longer than the default four digits. Even bumping your passcode length up to six digits increases its complexity exponentially — and throwing letters and other characters into the mix makes it almost impossible to crack. Similarly, if the programs on your phone support it, activate passwords on a per-app basis.
Use an encrypted messaging app
If you do need to text people, use an app that provides end-to-end encryption by default. (End-to-end encryption means that your messages will be encoded on your device and decoded on your recipient’s device, preventing eavesdroppers from easy interception.) The best option is Signal, but if for some reason that’s not available WhatsApp also offers E2EE (just make sure that you don’t connect it to your Facebook account). These apps don’t require a user account, but do require a working phone number. If you need a burner, you can get a free VoIP number from services like Google Voice.
All of this is dependent on cellular networks working, though. Given the high concentration of users, there’s a decent probability that networks will be congested, slowing to a crawl. In that case, you and your comrades might want to use a mesh-networking messaging app like FireChat, which uses other phones as nodes to transmit messages without an internet connection (the messages are encrypted).
Don’t use your usual social-media account
If you get arrested, don’t post to Facebook till you’ve talked to a lawyer
This is another “no duh,” but if you’re going to be posting photos or footage of disruptive or unlawful behavior, don’t do it on your regular Facebook or Twitter account. There’s also a case to be made that posting photographs on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram just serves to widen the surveillance net being cast by authorities, who have even more data to pore over and comb through. When in doubt, remember that not even the most sophisticated facial-recognition technology can distinguish the backs of peoples’ heads.
If you do get arrested, think cautiously before tweeting or Facebooking about it. The first thing you want to do is contact a lawyer. It’s worth having that phone number memorized or written down somewhere. The National Lawyers Guild’s D.C. hotline is 202-670-6866.
Anyway, above all, don’t be a frickin’ idiot! Stay safe!
As was Rick Perry, chewing gum.
Michelle and Barack Obama moved out of the White House today. With them went White House photographer Pete Souza, the man whose camera has brought you such excellent moments, over the past two presidential terms, as the small child touching Obama’s head in the Oval Office, Obama getting chased by a small child in the Oval Office, and, well, just about any other good picture of the Obama administration over the past eight years.
Today, Souza archived his old Instagram account and started fresh. (He’ll no longer be photographing for the White House, and his bio reads “TBD. Former Chief Official White House Photographer for President Obama.”) Before completing his duties, Souza posted four last photographs of President Obama’s final moments in the White House. The final shot — a picture of Obama looking down on the White House from the air aboard Executive One and captioned with a single word, “Farewell” — is particularly touching.
Thanks, Obama.
While the Trump administration has taken full control of the @POTUS Twitter account, the National Park Service account seems to still be operating independently of the country’s newly sworn-in leader. The account retweeted two tweets — one about the Trump administration reportedly wiping LGBTQ, Climate Change, and Civil Rights pages from its website and one about the noticeably tiny crowd at Trump’s inauguration — that aren’t particularly flattering of President Trump.
As noted in the @NatlParkService Twitter bio “RT/follow/likes≠endorsement.” Which, okay. Sure.
Update: While the two retweets were removed, Gizmodo has obtained an email that says the National Park Service’s Washington support office has ordered all bureaus “to immediately cease use of government Twitter accounts until further notice.”
One NPS account said it would stop tweeting:
Along with an estimated half-million others, I marched through Washington, D.C., yesterday in support of women’s rights and in protest of the incoming administration. There were beautiful and inspiring signs everywhere. (“Vagina Dentata: This Pussy Bites Back” and “Trump’s Hands Are Too Tiny to Build a Wall” were some of my favorites, along with about 10,000 variations on “I Can’t Believe I’m Still Having to Protest This Shit.”)
(And, Vice-President Pence, if you need help understanding that term, just go to the ask.com toolbar you somehow installed on your web browser and have been unable to get rid of, type in “Urban Dictionary ethered” and then click “yes” when a smiley-face pop-up asks you if want to run a quick scan to make sure your computer is free of viruses and malware.)
But Mike Pence was largely left alone, until I saw the sign above. Mr. Vice-President, sir: You just got ethered.
Despite official estimates (and plenty of photographic evidence on Twitter) that President Trump’s inauguration drew a crowd just a third of the 1.8 million people that came out for President Obama’s first inauguration in 2009, Trump spent his second day as commander-in-chief insisting otherwise. In a speech given to the CIA on Saturday, Trump said that from his vantage point the crowds were massive, “the field was, it looked like a million, a million and a half people … it went all the way back to the Washington Monument.” That same night, the Dallas Stars played the Washington Capitals in the American Airlines Center in Texas. And, at least according to the Jumbotron at the game, 1.5 million people were also in attendance at that event.
The American Airlines Center holds 20,000 people, so — to state the obvious — 1.5 million people certainly were not at the game. Congrats to the Dallas Stars, who lost 4-3 to the Washington Capitals, but still managed to come out winners.
Over the weekend, hundreds of thousands of women (and men and nonbinary people and just about anybody else with a bone to pick with the Trump administration) marched in Washington, D.C. Which inspired conservative Facebook page Mike’s Corner to share a less-than-inspired image macro featuring a photo of some of the protesters and the caption, “In one day, Trump got more fat women walking than Michelle Obama did in eight years.” Which Indiana State Senator Jack Sandlin in turn shared to his own Facebook page.
Sandlin has since un-shared the post, but the comment sections of his remaining public posts are filled with screenshots of when the meme was on his Facebook wall. (Whitney, the woman who shared the screenshot on Twitter, confirmed with Select All she screenshotted the shared meme from Sandlin’s wall while it was still visible.) In addition to the meme, hundreds of comments have been left criticizing Sandlin for sharing the misogynistic and fat-shaming meme in the first place. Select All has reached out to Sandlin for comment and will update this post if we hear back. Until then, Sandlin’s latest post says he’s “not sure” how the meme wound up on his Facebook wall. “People who know me will know that’s not my view,” Sandlin concluded his non-apology, which he then deleted from his Facebook wall some time early Monday.
During an interview on Meet the Press, Kellyanne Conway told Chuck Todd that Trump’s false statements regarding “a million, a million and a half people” attending his inauguration were “alternative facts.” Official estimates put the crowd count for the event at about a third of the 1.8 million people who attended Obama’s 2009 inauguration, which is nowhere near Trump’s untrue claims of over a million people watching him get sworn in. There’s no such thing as “alternative facts.” Just the truth and, well, not the truth. (Some might call this a lie, though Chuck Todd clung tight to the word “falsehood.”)
Richard Spencer, the white-nationalist leader who claims to have invented the word “alt-right,” was giving an interview on Friday during the inauguration. While he was explaining to his interviewer what exactly his Pepe the Frog lapel pin means, a man ran in from offscreen and punched Spencer in the face before running off into the crowd. (Spencer gets duffed around :33 into the video below.)
There’s Celine Dion:
Now, it’s not for us to debate the ethics of hitting a man who said “Does the human civilization actually need the black race?” and published an essay called “Is Black Genocide Right?” We’ll leave that for more august institutions, and note that, as tech-blogging nerds, Select All is officially pacifist, mostly due to the fact that its staff would get beat up first in any violent political confrontation.
But man, did Twitter love that punch. Specifically, setting the video of the punch to various songs.
There’s the Boss himself, with his classic anthem “Born in the USA”:
There’s some “In the Air Tonight” by Phil Collins:
There’s the recent Twitter-meme track, Thin Lizzy’s “The Boys Are Back in Town”:
There’s the long-time Twitter-meme track, Smash Mouth’s “All Star”:
Some Miley Cyrus:
There’s new Kanye, with a beautiful build-up:
There’s Vine-favorite DJ Supreme:
There’s Aaron Carter’s famous (and true) track “How I Beat Shaq”:
And for a soaring soundtrack to a solid right hook, there’s “Let it Go,” from Disney’s Frozen:
There’s now a whole Twitter feed dedicated just to videos of Spencer catching an alt-right at @PunchedToMusic, if you want see more.
Speaking after the attack, Spencer — who once said in a college speech, “At the end of the day, America belongs to white men” — made a simple appeal to the public.
“I’m afraid this is going to become the meme to end all memes,” said Spencer in a Periscope video. Richard, as one of your heroes would have said, “Es tut mir leid,” but it may already be too late.
Following the interview, Merriam-Webster noticed a spike in searches for the definition of “facts.” Which they kindly provided via one shady tweet.
Over the weekend, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer gave a briefing in the White House press room where he stated Friday’s inauguration was the largest in history. This is patently untrue. An “alternative fact,” if you will. Memes were born. A hashtag was created. And, perhaps most entertaining (if you can get past the disturbing realization that the president’s press secretary just stood up and proclaimed falsehoods as truths), people began mining through Spicer’s old tweets. From a feud with Dippin’ Dots to hot takes on Daft Punk, Spicer’s got a real way with 140 characters.
Unsurprisingly, given that the social network is occupied largely by adolescents and teenagers, Snapchat’s third-party “Discover” section, which features content created by news organizations like MTV and the Daily Mail, is one of the most hormone-driven places on the internet — filled, generally, with bikini pictures and sex tips, not entirely unlike the magazine rack at the supermarket checkout line.
In July, Snapchat was sued in a class-action lawsuit over articles that appeared in its Discover section. Those articles are produced independently by outlets like MTV, BuzzFeed, Vice, and Cosmo, and Snapchat has stated that it fully supports their editorial autonomy. That’s how minors ended up getting served articles with headlines like “What It Is Really Like to Let People Finger You in Public.” Those articles reach millions of young people every month thanks to Snapchat’s unmatched cachet among millennials.
The company’s attempt to clean up its act comes just ahead of a all-but-confirmed initial public offering, and the guidelines it’s bolstering are meant to more accurately convey what an article is really about. From a business standpoint, Discover is set apart by its limited space. Only a handful of outlets are granted the ability to publish in the section, which is automatically shown to every user. This gives Snapchat a lot of influence over what can appear in the app and how it appears — influence that they haven’t wielded, but do hold. To ignore Snapchat’s more stringent guidelines is to risk losing one of those coveted Discover slots.
Or it was until today. Earlier this morning, Snapchat changed the rules for the handful of publishers on its Discover platform in an effort to tamp down on misleading headlines and lede images. According to the New York Times, “the new rules more explicitly restrict publishers from posting questionable pictures on Discover that do not have news or editorial value.” A recent example was an MTV article about “the thirstiest person on earth,” accompanied by a photo of a woman in a bikini, despite the article being about a man. (Perhaps the real thirstiest person on earth was the teenager who first clicked on the image.) The other big change is that publishers will soon have the option to age-gate content that might be deemed inappropriate for minors.
On “the ice cream of the future.”
On Daft Punk.
On cell phones.
On emoji diversity.
On cinema.
On catching up on dance crazes several years late.
On breakfast meat.
As of Friday afternoon, Donald Trump is now a man of two Twitters. He inherited the @POTUS account from Barack Obama, and he still maintains @realDonaldTrump. There have only been a dozen tweets from @POTUS thus far — respectful, muted statements of the kind we’re used to from major politicians. President Trump’s personal account, on the other hand, is still as much of a roller coaster as ever. “Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn’t these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly,” he tweeted Sunday.
On Lady Gaga.
Sean, pal, maybe consider spending some time with a tweet-deleting service.
Coincidence? Probably. But if it isn’t somebody should warn the DoD’s social team about what happened to the National Park Service when it went rogue on Twitter last week. The NPS has reportedly been banned from tweeting following retweeting pictures showing how empty the National Mall was during Trump’s inauguration.
Today, the U.S. Department of Defense tweeted a link to report on DoD-funded research on “how information on social media can provide an important window into a person’s state of mind.” (The report focuses on both mental health and suicide prevention related to social media.) Boy, I wonder if they were thinking of anyone in particular?
Sean Spicer just gave his first official address at the White House as Trump’s press secretary. CNN is streaming the event via Facebook Live, which offers Facebook users the chance to react via emoji: hearts, thumbs-up, tears, laughter, and a red-faced angry emoji. As a user reacts via emoji, their chosen pictograph floats across the bottom of the screen in real time.
The briefing has been underway about a half an hour and so far 21,000 people (and counting) have weighed in via emoji. The most used image … the angry face. Which means, as Spicer talks to the press a steady stream of pissed-off cartoon faces are rolling beneath his face in perhaps the most perfect, if unintended, use of this particular Facebook technology.
As of publication, the emoji-use breakdown was around 9,800 angry faces to 8,000 thumbs up, with that gap only continuing to widen. Shout-out to the 500 people who opted for the crying emoji, which I imagine POTUS might call the “Sad!” emoji.
A depressing new report from Bloomberg this morning highlights all of the ways that Uber, the company most emblematic of the app-powered “gig economy,” is making earning a living wage more difficult for its drivers. Drivers who work full-time for the company, though not salaried employees, have taken to sleeping in their cars after finishing shifts in order to stay near urban centers that offer higher fares. The company has over the years continually cut the percentage of the fare that it provides to drivers, instead using their vast reserves of investment cash to subsidize unsustainably low fares for customers.
The majority of registered Uber drivers are part-time, a stat that Uber likes to trot out when talking up how it offers flexibility. Another statistic discovered by Bloomberg sheds a different light on the matter: “Half of the driving gets done by people who work more than 35 hours a week. Those workers generate about half of Uber’s revenue and are responsible for about half of Uber’s trips.” That means that Uber isn’t powered by a legion of part-time side-gig seekers, but by a small contingent of people treating it as a full-time job. (And, apparently, sleeping in parking lots to make it work.) Despite this, Uber remains resistant to classifying these drivers as employees and providing the requisite benefits, but it is willing to slash their pay at the same time.
A few years ago, Uber’s pitch to drivers was that they could earn high hourly wages on their own schedule, but that isn’t turning out to be the case. One full-time driver told Bloomberg that he used to make $40 an hour, and now makes $12.50. Uber Pool, the program that allows two separate customers on the same route to share a ride, hasn’t helped matters. Last week, Uber settled a lawsuit, paying $20 million to the Federal Trade Commission for misleading drivers about how much they could earn. “According to the complaint,” CNN reports, “Uber claimed its drivers could earn a median income of more than $90,000 per year in New York and more than $74,000 in San Francisco. In reality, the FTC said, less than 10 percent of drivers earned that.”
From the report:
Newly founded Twitter account @HalfOnionInABag is a simple account with one goal: accrue more followers than Donald Trump to “drive him crazy.” The account has only been live for three days and features an avatar of, well, half an onion in a bag. “I won’t clog your feeds. I’m just here to get more followers than @realDonaldTrump & then hopefully be used on a hamburger or in an omelet,” the onion explained in one of its few tweets. (33 in total at time of publication.)
At last count, @HalfOnionInABag had just reached 162,000 followers. A far cry from @realDonaldTrump’s legion of 21.7 million. (Though data shows a large chunk of those followers are fake.) Still, a half an onion has gotta start somewhere.
The Nintendo Switch console went on sale in the company’s Japanese online store today, and, in classic Nintendo fashion, the site became so overwhelmed that it crashed. Fans hoping to preorder the system were instead greeted with a cute, simple drawing of a Godzilla-like figure rampaging toward Kyoto Tower, where the company is headquartered. The frustrated fans have since named the creature Nin Godzilla, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Fans quickly paid tribute to the monster, perhaps in the hopes of finally getting the page to load correctly.
During the Obama administration, the commission was headed by Tom Wheeler, a Democrat who most famously used his majority to pass what is informally known as the Open Internet Order. That order classified broadband internet as a telecommunications utility, though did not subject internet-service providers to the intense regulations that other common carriers often are.
Perhaps the single most important aspect of the internet as it was first conceived is that it was designed as a “dumb pipe,” or one that does not give priority to certain types of data or certain sources of said data. Video of a presidential speech gets the same bandwidth as video of a dude getting hit in the nuts.
The internet took off, as did the World Wide Web which rests on top of it, because it’s “open.” In other words, if you’re connected to Comcast, you can send data to someone connected via Time Warner, without issue or negotiation. Neither Comcast nor Time Warner is allowed to (or able) to slow down or speed up your connection — or, for that matter, cut it off. Unlike phone service, you don’t have things like long-distance fees either.
Market conditions change, however, and the unchallenged freedom under which the internet blossomed is now regarded as a liability for the ISPs — which are, as you probably have experienced, de facto monopolies. If we own the highway, their thinking goes, why can’t we charge tolls? To that end, some have proposed so-called “fast lanes” for companies willing to pony up for faster bandwidth.
The Open Internet Order bolsters a principle known as net neutrality (the specific term was coined by law professor Tim Wu in 2003). To understand it, we need to first understand how the internet works. The internet is literally a network of data cables that crisscross the globe. When you open your computer, say, you connect to a network most likely owned by one of a handful of private internet-service providers — the dreaded Comcast, Time Warner, and so on. (Same thing on your iPhone: Thanks to smartphones, cellular providers like Verizon Wireless and T-Mobile are also ISPs.) That network communicates with the networks owned and operated by other ISPs, and those owned by a handful of other organizations — government bodies, academic institutions, and independent nonprofits, generally — and those many, global, interconnected networks, some public, some private, make up the internet.
The Trump administration yesterday named Republican Ajit Pai to head the Federal Communications Commission. Pai’s appointment was a foregone conclusion, given that he is the ranking Republican on the five-member body, but it’s important for one reason: Pai is an outspoken critic of net neutrality — one of the fundamental principles of the free, open internet we’ve all been using for the past several decades.
In practice, this could radically change our experience of the internet. For example, if Netflix cuts a deal with Verizon for a fast lane and Hulu doesn’t, Hulu loads more slowly, and users would presumably favor Netflix. More likely than that is that video-streaming services owned and operated by the ISPs themselves get preference over independent streaming services. This is a clear pay-to-play system in which an upstart little guy could easily get crowded out by industry incumbents. The most extreme scenario would be one in which businesses have to pay in order to get onto an ISP’s network at all — imagine, let’s say, SBC customers can’t access Google because the company refuses to pay SBC for access.
Mobile carriers have inverted this concept through what is known as “zero-rating,” in which certain services don’t count toward a customer’s data cap. A choice between a service that would use up your limited data or one that doesn’t is hardly a choice at all.
Soon, Pai will be in charge of the FCC, and he has said that net neutrality’s “days are numbered.” If you think your internet-service provider is horrible now, just wait until there’s no regulatory body watching them.
The Open Internet Order, adopted in February 2015, banned paid prioritization of traffic, as well as blocking or throttling traffic to legal internet content.
The net-neutrality debate is about whether one class of private entities, ISPs, should be regulated in order to allow millions of other private entities, users and businesses operating online, to operate freely. Pretty much everyone agrees that they should — except for the ISPs … and Ajit Pai. Pai even wrote a 67-page(!) dissent when the order was adopted. Even Google and Facebook support the principle, in part because they often buy up the smaller startups that flourish on an unfettered internet. Imagine an internet where, rather than buying Instagram for $1 billion, Facebook instead paid for a fast lane and forced Instagram out by other means.
Reddit Photoshop battles usually consist of a user submitting a photo and then watching as other redditors edit and tweak the photo into oblivion. The Queen of England as the Joker, endless Game of Thrones jokes, and perfectly lovely photos ruined in the name of a laugh. (Sorry, Barack.) But today, a redditor submitted a photo so perfectly on the nose it almost doesn’t need editing: A green trash can with a yellow lid stuffed with a cardboard box … and it looks convincingly similarly to one Donald Trump.
The past decade has been defined by a trend of centralization — the collection of everything under the umbrellas of a few giant companies. The end of net neutrality will only increase this, as companies will be given more latitude to block services that don’t fit their revenue model.
Of course, just because the photo was funny on its own didn’t stop the edits from rolling in. There were box jokes:
Minecraft references:
Trash Can Trump’s square head fits perfectly in the Lego universe:
Though oftentimes the best burns are the most subtle:
And then, nothing. Until last night. It has been two and half years since Mouth Silence, and now we have Mouth Moods, a mixtape that is, for lack of a better descriptor, crazy-good. I started listening to it late last night and by the end had yelled “oh fuck off!” directly at my stereo at least once. At every point, it will zig when you expect it to zag.
In April of 2014, musician and comedian Neil Cicierega changed the internet-mashup landscape with his seminal mixtape, Mouth Sounds. The hour-long sonic journey combined memescape anthems like Smash Mouth’s “All Star” and “Smooth” by Santana (feat. Rob Thomas) with popular mainstream tracks from across the musical spectrum, along with a healthy sprinkling of Austin Powers sound bites. It was a smash hit, surprisingly danceable despite using some of the lamest music as its springboard.
A few months later, in July, Cicierega released Mouth Silence, which he described as a prequel. Mouth Silence functioned, to my mind, like a bizarro version of Mouth Sounds, mashups that fit together in a way that were viscerally uncomfortable instead of fun to listen to in the usual sense.
It is a shame that David Bowie died before he could hear the vocals to “All Star” laid over the instrumentals of “Under Pressure.” Against all odds, I mean that. I won’t say any more because I don’t want to ruin all of the surprises encased in this gem. Once you’ve listened, you can find a running list of all of the samples on Wikipedia.
You can listen to Mouth Sounds and Mouth Silence below.
Lee O’Denat, the founder of the highly influential, occasionally infamous website WorldStarHipHop, died in his sleep Monday, according to TMZ. He was 43 years old.
WorldStar rose to prominence more than a decade ago, when O’Denat, better known as “Q,” began posting rap news, videos, and assorted viral fodder to his website. As Mark Jacobson wrote in a 2012 New York profile:
In years since, as the web has grown somewhat more centralized and social networks have come to dominate many of WSHH’s functions, the site and its social-media offshoots managed to maintain the charmingly garish attitude and aesthetic of an earlier era of the web. Thanks to its strong brand recognition and Q’s keen eye for viral video, WSHH has managed to maintain its presence near the center of the viral internet even as Vine and Instagram made sharing videos with wide audiences easy. Its weekly Vine compilations, which collected from Vine and Instagram the kinds of videos that once would have appeared first on WSHH — amateur routines, slapstick pranks, and, yes, street fights — still found more than 2 million viewers week after week, until Vine shut down last year. It is unclear what the future of WSHH will be, but given its influential presence near the center of the viral landscape, particularly among the black users that power much of internet culture, it’s unlikely to go away. The question is whether it can continue to be a force without its founder and guiding curator.
Despite the name, and its origins and popularity as a hip-hop news and gossip site, WorldStarHipHop is arguably more famous as a vast repository of shaky footage of street fights, submitted by smartphone-wielding onlookers. Over the years, bystander footage of violence became one of WSHH’s primary calling cards — “WorldStar,” at this point, is as much a kind of street-fight battle cry as it is a recognizable brand name. Q told Jacobson, “You’ve got a lot of people who stay indoors all the time, looking at their computers and whatnot. They don’t know what is going on right outside their house, in their backyards. We’re showing the reality of the situation, giving them a dose.”
Last week, the main Twitter account of the National Park Service was temporarily asked to stop posting following the retweeting of two tweets — one about the lack of crowds at the inauguration and one about LGBTQ and Civil Rights pages vanishing from the White House website — that didn’t exactly make the new administration look good. According to a letter obtained by Gizmodo, all National Park Service employees received an email informing them “we have received direction from the Department through [the Washington Support Office] that directs all [Department of Interior] bureaus to immediately cease use of government Twitter accounts until further notice.” The main account has resumed posting, but has restricted its tweets to anodyne praise of the beauty of the parks system.
Since then, the gag order appears to have been lifted, and the central NPS account has apologized for the retweets in question and returned to sharing G-rated nature content.
But over on the feed for Badlands National Park (a subsidiary Twitter of the central NPS acccount), somebody with the Twitter password spent Tuesday afternoon getting real about climate change. Instead of landscape pictures and weather reports, @BadlandsNPS tweeted jarring statistics about carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and about ocean-acidity levels.
Since taking office, the Trump administration has issued at least two gag orders on scientists and researchers — instructing employees at the Environmental Protection Agency not to discuss a recent freeze on grant funding, and forbidding the research unit of the the U.S. Department of Agriculture from releasing “public-facing documents.” With new rules like this in place, where’s the public going to get its scientific information? Well, for a brief moment this afternoon, the Twitter account for Badlands National Park was tweeting out facts about climate change — consequences, apparently, be damned.
In the scheme of things, this is a minor expression of resistance to a regime hostile to climate science. But if there’s one thing we’ve learned, it’s that this administration is uniquely sensitive to even minor insults. Within a few hours, the tweets were deleted — but not before hundreds of people had seen, shared, and taken plenty of screenshots.
Update, 5:30 p.m.: The tweets from the Badlands account have been deleted.
Will our anonymous tweeter be all right? Don’t worry — people are already offering to help him or her find a job.
In the three months since Google instated a policy banning websites that intentionally publish misleading or outright false news from using its AdSense platform, more than 200 have been excised. According to Recode, not all of the sites were related to so-called “fake news.”
Sites that publish intentionally inaccurate stories in order to rile up a political base and garner attention typically use the programmatic ad networks, which dynamically place ads next to site content, in order to earn hundreds of thousand of dollars. The thinking goes that, by removing the financial incentive, these sites will recede from prominence.
Google and Facebook both issued their new rules back in November, within a day of each other, after concerns about how their platforms help users distribute hoaxes came to the fore in the wake of the election.
Developer documentation for the next update to Apple’s iOS indicates that a number of changes to the app store’s ratings and review systems are on the way. According to TechCrunch, the new iOS 10.3 beta contains ways for developers to respond directly to app reviews, and to solicit new ones.
Developers will now be able to respond directly to critiques leveled at their programs in reviews. This solves a longtime gripe that users might rush to judgment before fully understanding how an app is supposed to work or which functions it performs, and then leaving the developer without any way to respond. App-store reviews get reset after every update is pushed, so one bad patch could decimate an app’s ratings. (And if we’re being totally honest, maybe some infuriated developers will let loose on users, which will be very funny.)
There will also be a master switch that turns off all review prompts systemwide. Finally.
In addition, 10.3 includes a new API that allows developers to ask for star-scale ratings within the app. That way users don’t have to be redirected to the store itself to leave feedback, and, hopefully, the prevalence of those annoying pop-ups asking users to rate apps will see a decline. According to the Loop, the new API “will only be able to bring up the review dialogue three times a year. If a customer has rated the app, they will not be prompted again. If a customer has dismissed the review prompt three times, they will not be asked to review the app for another year.”
It won 2016 House of the Year in the Royal Institute of British Architects competition.
The posts are well within the boundaries of acceptable for Death Valley National Park’s Twitter account, given that they concern specific events in the park’s history. The fact that they come the morning after the Trump administration reportedly started acting on its promises to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico, ban refugees from entering the United States, and place stringent restrictions on immigration? That must just be a coincidence.
Among the oddest subplots of President Trump’s very odd first week in office has been the improbable emergence of the various Twitter accounts of the National Park Service as sites of resistance and dissent.
So, given this precedent, you’ll forgive us if we read too much into these tweets about the Japanese-American internment camps of the 1940s from the Twitter account for Death Valley National Park:
On Friday, the main Twitter account of the National Park Service (which, mind you, uses Twitter as part of its emergency notification system) was temporarily shuttered after retweeting tweets that reflected poorly on the president — one of which compared crowd photos of his and his predecessor’s inaugurations, held on the National Park Service’s own National Mall. (The NPS deleted the retweets and apologized.) On Tuesday, the Twitter account for South Dakota’s Badlands National Park began posting facts about climate change, a day after it was revealed that the administration had issued gag orders on the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. (The Tweets were deleted hours after being posted.)
Amazon’s Echo recently got a major upgrade. While in the past you used to need to add “Skills” (what Amazon calls apps on the Echo) by going through the web browser or smartphone app, you can now just say “Alexa, enable [Skill name]” and be off to the races. With this power in hand, we took a spin through the (still very chaotic!) world of Echo Skills to see what new Skills are worth adding to your Echo.
Powered by Dark Sky, the almost-spooky app that lets you know when it’ll be raining on your block in exactly seven minutes, this is by far the best app for keeping up with the weather — especially when you’re brushing your teeth and want to figure out if you need to grab an umbrella or just a light jacket. But ask it “Alexa, ask Weather Sky for my forecast” and it’ll give you an exhaustive list of how your week is looking, including when it’s most likely to to rain in the next week, what time sunrise and sunset will be, and what the relative humidity is like and whether it’s comfortable or muggy. It’s like a very robotic and very thorough local weatherperson.
The BBC is great — listen to to it whenever! — but the real gem is its skill when asking “Alexa, what’s my flash briefing?” Updated constantly and delivered crisply, it’s like getting someone very smart to speed-read a copy of The Economist while you’re making your coffee in the morning. It’s a good mixture of the international and the domestic, usually clocks in at under two minutes, and has just the right kind of story selection: stories that are important but also, even if just for 15 seconds, interesting.
This is very fun for dorks like me who want to pretend they’re Ken Jennings. While this app won’t press your trivia knowledge to the limits (sample clue: “This candy bar is named after our galaxy”), it’s an enjoyable way to show off Alexa at a party. I often find myself using it to kill time while making dinner. It feels like the mental equivalent of fiddling with a rubber band or paper clip during a meeting — by doing some very simple memory recall, it somehow allows you to focus a bit more on the making the meal at hand.
So, some caveats up front: This app has some issues, ones I’ve experienced firsthand. You need to make sure your home address is set correctly in the Alexa app. A lot of the work to actually get it working will need to be done in the smartphone app. It doesn’t remember saved locations, unlike the smartphone app. But! If you get all that down, there are few better feelings than yelling for an Uber while getting ready for something and having a car waiting in two minutes.
While not quite as fun as it may sound at first (“Alexa, text someone to blow Vick’s VapoRub on my face when this Avicii track peaks”), this is actually quite handy. The weird thing about Alexa is how much you find yourself using its voice capabilities and always-on microphone for things you could technically do yourself from a variety of other devices. For instance, I ask Alexa what time it is at least once or twice a day, despite having a phone and several clocks around my house. Why? Because I can get that information while showering, or finding my laptop, or grabbing my keys and hoping to catch the express bus. SMS with Molly allows the same thing — the ability to send a quick text to someone while doing several other things at once.
I’m not great at time management. My morning routine is usually a mixture of panic, fear, and making my laptop call my phone because I’ve lost it again. Time Tone is not a full-featured app by any stretch, but it has one great mode — its second timer (you have to say “Alexa, ask Time Tone for second timer”), which does a water-dripping tick-tock for each second, and then a gentle rumble of thunder every ten seconds. This may drive some people up the wall. For me? It keeps me on schedule and prevents me from doing the other part of my morning routine, which is suddenly wondering if I could actually fix that cabinet hinge if I could just find the our drill/driver around here somewhere …
While this is made for entertaining kids, it’ll also bring back fond memories for anyone who spent time playing text-based MUDs or spent a lot of time playing Zork. There’s a lot of choose-your-own-adventure type games for the Echo out there, but The Magic Door is by far the best produced and best designed. There are multiple different story lines to stumble into, and the included sound effects and well-read narration keep it feeling like a perfect light young-adult fantasy novel. Fun, interesting, and with just enough danger to make it enjoyable. Play it as a family — or play it by yourself and see if you can find the wise wizard in his tower (and please email me how if you do).
Facebook already cribbed from Snapchat’s model with Instagram Stories, so it was only a matter of time before the feature came to the Facebook platform itself. The company is currently testing Facebook Stories – great name, huh – on its mobile app, Business Insider reports.
If you’re familiar with Instagram Stories or their forefather, Snapchat Stories, Facebook Stories, which are currently only available to a select group of users in Ireland, will probably be pretty easy for you to navigate. Users will be able to upload photos and videos which will live on the platform for 24 hours before disappearing. Much like Snapchat, there will be various filter options, both aesthetic and geographic. (Facebook prefers to call these masks and frames. Tomato. To-mah-to.) Stories will be easy to access and featured at the top of the app, just as they are on Instagram and Snapchat.
From Facebook via Business Insider.
What’s that line about good artists copying and great artists stealing? Feels applicable.
Last week, just ahead of the inauguration, a nation’s fears were put to rest when it was reported that Donald Trump had given up the old, unsecured Android phone he used to accept unscreened phone calls and compose deranged tweets, and been issued a new mobile phone approved by the Secret Service. Only: This morning, the New York Times reported that Trump has not relinquished his old phone, despite having been issued a secure one. But what does this really mean, besides the fact that the president clearly doesn’t really care what the Secret Service wants?
When Obama described it to Jimmy Fallon, he noted a few drawbacks. The phone could not take pictures, presumably so the camera couldn’t be accessed remotely (and so that Obama wouldn’t be able to take pictures that might later be stolen).
The term secure has multiple meanings when it comes to the president’s phone. There is technical security and there is operational security, which are often but not always intertwined. The technical restrictions inform the operational restrictions.
Technical security should be pretty simple to understand, though, for obvious reasons, the detailed specs of the president’s Secret Service–approved phone are kept under wraps. That phone has a military-grade level of encryption that is much higher than that of the standard consumer device, making it more difficult to break into and extract data from.
The agency in charge of the president’s phone is the Defense Information Systems Agency, which is part of the Department of Defense. Let’s assume that whatever Trump has been issued is similar to the phone Obama was issued last June when he finally relinquished his dated BlackBerry for an Android phone. The phone is reportedly a Samsung Galaxy S4, the only phone that was supported by the DOD Mobility Classified Capability-Secret (DMCC-S) program. The DMCC-S fact sheet displays three Galaxy S4 models, branding removed.
He also couldn’t load music onto it — because if you can load files onto the phone, you can load malware onto the phone. A user can’t download apps from the Google Play storefront onto a DMCC-S phone.
The point of all of this security, frustrating as it may be, is that it makes the president difficult to reach, and difficult to hack. It makes it almost impossible for him to conduct digital diplomacy through anything but the most official channels, even while on the go.
Trump, on the other hand, is using a phone with none of these protections. Texts he sends and calls he makes could easily be intercepted by a device called a Stingray, currently in use by law enforcement, that mimics a cell tower. A person given access to his phone, physically or remotely, could quickly and easily steal files or download malware. And if Trump is using the phone as often as the New York Times reports — that is, every night — there’s likely lots of information on it that prying eyes would like to see.
The phone couldn’t send text messages (SMS messages are notoriously easy to intercept), only email, and couldn’t make regular phone calls, only VoIP (voice over internet protocol, like Skype). Presumably, this was so all of his communications could be routed through secure channels.
Over the past week under the Trump administration, several scientific organizations — the Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the National Park Service — have been barred from posting on social media or sharing information about certain topics. Today, the U.S. Arctic Research Commission tweeted, and subsequently deleted, that they would be going on a “hiatus.” The tweet offered no explanation as to why, but the phrasing “it looks like we are going on hiatus” doesn’t exactly inspire confidence.
But what use to Trump is a phone that can’t send tweets and can’t receive calls? He’s not able to yell at straw men on Twitter, or receive the praise he thrives on, with a pared-down device, secure as it may be. Trump’s consumer-grade Android is too technically insecure for the Secret Service, but it’s also being wielded by an insecure man with a highly public Twitter account, and that’s what makes it truly dangerous.
ARC’s Facebook page has also been deleted. Select All has reached out for more information regarding the sudden hiatus and will update this post if we hear back. The Arctic Research Commission website is still up and running if you’re looking to study up on climate change. And you might want to start reading fast, since Trump’s administration has already discussed having the EPA remove the climate-change page from its website.
Twitter’s @EmergencyPuppy has more than half a million followers. The account, as you might have guessed from its name, is devoted to all things cute and canine, with the occasional guest appearance from a particularly tiny kitten or fuzzy ducklings. At least, that was its intention when then–Twitter employee Brian Truebe founded it, back in 2011. “We had some stressful days [at Twitter] and I found that if I sent people pictures of cute puppies it helped keep the stress down,” Truebe told Select All. “The whole thing was about trying to promote better self-care, just look at something cute, remember to breathe.”
I do not like to brag, but: I am a gamer. I play all the hot games: first-person shooters like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, real-time strategy titles like Starcraft 2, fan-translated Japanese high-school dating simulators like Hātofuru Kareshi: Kibō No Gakuen To Shiroi Tsubasa. And, thanks to video-game accessory company KontrolFreek (which is not, as I originally assumed, one of the characters from Suicide Squad) there’s now performance gear built for my gamer body.
All very good stuff. Lack of motion-pleated elbows have cost me more Arena matches in Hearthstone than I want to admit. But what about my legs? You may say: You do not use your legs much while gaming. All I can say is that kicking out my ethernet cable when I’m losing badly in Street Fighter V and claiming the server must be fucked up has saved my win-loss record countless times — so I need my lower body to be clad in the best as well. KontrolFreek understands that, and sells the “Icon Performance Gaming Shorts” ($35.99).
Now I am not a “pro gamer” on the “eSports” scene (yet). But that does not mean I don’t suffer from all the common pro-gamer maladies — excessive sweating, cramped movement at the elbows, or clammy hands. And not just when gaming! Eye contact with co-workers in the break room, or saying “You too!” after the ticket agent at the airport says “Enjoy your flight!” often sends torrents of sweat sliding down my body.
Not only do these slick shorts have the same moisture-wicking tech and hand-drying zones as the Icon Performance Gaming Hoodie, they have one other important feature. Let’s say I’m playing a little Call of Duty and some noob-tube punk keeps camping spawn points? I’m gonna have to message him on Xbox Live. And what if it turns out he lives in the New York City metro area? Well, we might need to face off mano a mano, split-screen style. And I’m gonna need my controller for that. Luckily, the Icon Performance Gaming Shorts let me go into the situation fully prepared.
Now, will wearing this hoodie and shorts make me into the perfect gamer? No, of course not. You need time, skill, practice, and Adderall for that. But every little bit helps when you are duking it out in Dota 2, and I for one am glad KontrolFreek has made the gear that helps me be the gamer I’m truly meant to be.
But I will suffer no longer, thanks to KontrolFreek’s “Icon Performance Gaming Hoodie” ($65.99), which “blends high-performance moisture-wicking fabrics with an absorbent outer layer, allowing gamers to easily dry hands and stay cool while improving accuracy and control.” Also, the hood is extra big so you can wear a headset. Having trouble visualizing just how well this all translates into perfecting maining Hanzo in Overwatch? Observe:
Apple, long a company that takes pains to maintain secrecy on several key initiatives — including AI — is now ready to join the Partnership on AI, an artificial-intelligence group with members like Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM, and Microsoft, per a Bloomberg report.
The move is not surprising for the Partnership on AI, which has been an effort to get the large players in the tech space to — if not play nicely together — at least establish best practices and look closely at major findings during a time when machine learning and AI are making the kinds of leaps and bounds we used to associate with microprocessors. There isn’t really a Moore’s Law in place for AI, but it does seem like the cycle of machine-learning-aided AI is making major advances faster and faster: In 2016, Google was able to beat a top player in the board game Go, while AI platform UNU successfully ran the board on the Kentucky Derby.
Left on the outside is Apple, which in many ways brought the idea of consumer AI to market in 2011 with Siri, but has quickly been left behind. The main reason for this? Machine-learning AI depends on training, which relies on vast data sets. Google, Amazon, and Facebook have those data sets, both because users upload enormous amounts of data to their services and because these companies gather data about users because they are in the business of collecting data about users in order to sell them products, or to sell them to companies that sell products — a feedback loop that leads to even stronger data sets about users. Apple, on the other hand, is in the business of mainly selling high-margin hardware — and takes a more hands-off approach on gathering data from a finicky consumer base. Great for iOS users, bad for Apple’s attempts to work on AI.
On the one hand, sharing this information among competitors can be beneficial — any advance a Microsoft or an IBM makes can likely be reproduced by Google relatively quickly. But it also places companies with clear leads — like Amazon, Facebook, and Google — in a position to take advantage of this info more quickly than other members of the Partnership on AI. But when you’ve fallen behind, like Apple has, you need to grab data where you can find it — especially with rumors of Apple’s own Amazon Echo competitor hitting the market this year or next.
For years, Apple employees were even heavily discouraged from publishing papers about their efforts in AI. But new head of AI, Carnegie Mellon professor Russ Salakhutdinov, has changed that — he even published Apple’s first official paper on AI.
AI places many companies in a very odd position, as can be seen by the Partnership on AI. Artificial intelligence and machine learning, perhaps more than any other current form of software and hardware development, depend on massive data sets — ones so large that even the biggest agglomerators of data struggle to keep up. Efforts like OpenAI are meant to provide some parity and best practices to everyone in the industry.
During last week’s inauguration protests, a young, anonymous redhead rose to viral fame after starting a small fire. “I actually kinda started this fire,” the then-unknown kid — all we knew was his name was Connor — told Fox News. “Because I felt like it, and I’m just saying … screw our president!”
But Connor’s viral stardom may have been less accidental than genetically preordained. Turns out Connor is none other than Drew Carey’s 11-year-old son, TMZ reports. Carey and Connor’s mother, Nicole Jaracz, were reportedly quite upset with Connor’s interview. A source also told TMZ the boy “regretted his choice of words” after speaking with his parents. (The old are you actually sorry or are you just sorry you got caught question comes to mind here.)
In yet another attempt by Facebook at turning its “Trending” section into something other than a complete wasteland, The Wall Street Journal reports that “Facebook’s software will surface only topics that have been covered by a significant number of credible publishers.” The new version of the module will highlight headlines to give context as to why a certain topic is trending.
The overarching idea seems to be that weighing consensus on newsworthiness will help separate the wheat from the chaff (or at least the real chaff from the alternate chaff). Theoretically, this would prevent an unsubstantiated but highly viral report from being spread across Facebook by the social network itself, as happened several times this past year.
Of course, those false news stories were spread after Facebook let go all of the human editors that once curated “trending” following concerns about political bias. And, ultimately, this new initiative is Facebook taking a small step to fix a problem that it created — not just by firing its human editors but by creating, and maintaining, a “trending” box at all. (“Finding trending news” is surely not one of the main use cases for Facebook for most people.) In adopting language about credibility — news organizations that are considered for trending topics are described as “credible publishers” — Facebook will find itself falling into the same trap as well-meaning fact-checking organizations everywhere: The people most likely to be misled by false reports are simultaneously the ones least likely to trust Facebook’s judgment of credibility. There are plenty of nut jobs who find Infowars to be credible (Alex Jones, who thinks lizards run the government, says that he’s been offered White House press credentials). Once again, Facebook — a company that is reticent to admit it exerts editorial control — is trying to change the temperature of a swimming pool by dipping its toe in the water.
Last year, on October 21, your digital video recorder — or at least a DVR like yours — knocked Twitter off the internet. Someone used your DVR, along with millions of insecure webcams, routers, and other connected devices, to launch an attack that started a chain reaction, resulting in Twitter, Reddit, Netflix, and many sites going off the internet. You probably didn’t realize that your DVR had that kind of power. But it does.
All computers are hackable. This has as much to do with the computer market as it does with the technologies. We prefer our software full of features and inexpensive, at the expense of security and reliability. That your computer can affect the security of Twitter is a market failure. The industry is filled with market failures that, until now, have been largely ignorable. As computers continue to permeate our homes, cars, businesses, these market failures will no longer be tolerable. Our only solution will be regulation, and that regulation will be foisted on us by a government desperate to “do something” in the face of disaster.
In this article I want to outline the problems, both technical and political, and point to some regulatory solutions. Regulation might be a dirty word in today’s political climate, but security is the exception to our small-government bias. And as the threats posed by computers become greater and more catastrophic, regulation will be inevitable. So now’s the time to start thinking about it.
We also need to reverse the trend to connect everything to the internet. And if we risk harm and even death, we need to think twice about what we connect and what we deliberately leave uncomputerized.
If we get this wrong, the computer industry will look like the pharmaceutical industry, or the aircraft industry. But if we get this right, we can maintain the innovative environment of the internet that has given us so much.
Broadly speaking, the Internet of Things has three parts. There are the sensors that collect data about us and our environment: smart thermostats, street and highway sensors, and those ubiquitous smartphones with their motion sensors and GPS location receivers. Then there are the “smarts” that figure out what the data means and what to do about it. This includes all the computer processors on these devices and — increasingly — in the cloud, as well as the memory that stores all of this information. And finally, there are the actuators that affect our environment. The point of a smart thermostat isn’t to record the temperature; it’s to control the furnace and the air conditioner. Driverless cars collect data about the road and the environment to steer themselves safely to their destinations.
Your modern refrigerator is a computer that keeps things cold. Your oven, similarly, is a computer that makes things hot. An ATM is a computer with money inside. Your car is no longer a mechanical device with some computers inside; it’s a computer with four wheels and an engine. Actually, it’s a distributed system of over 100 computers with four wheels and an engine. And, of course, your phones became full-power general-purpose computers in 2007, when the iPhone was introduced.
We wear computers: fitness trackers and computer-enabled medical devices — and, of course, we carry our smartphones everywhere. Our homes have smart thermostats, smart appliances, smart door locks, even smart light bulbs. At work, many of those same smart devices are networked together with CCTV cameras, sensors that detect customer movements, and everything else. Cities are starting to embed smart sensors in roads, streetlights, and sidewalk squares, also smart energy grids and smart transportation networks. A nuclear power plant is really just a computer that produces electricity, and — like everything else we’ve just listed — it’s on the internet.
We no longer have things with computers embedded in them. We have computers with things attached to them.
The internet is no longer a web that we connect to. Instead, it’s a computerized, networked, and interconnected world that we live in. This is the future, and what we’re calling the Internet of Things.
You can think of the sensors as the eyes and ears of the internet. You can think of the actuators as the hands and feet of the internet. And you can think of the stuff in the middle as the brain. We are building an internet that senses, thinks, and acts.
To be sure, it’s not a robot in the classical sense. We think of robots as discrete autonomous entities, with sensors, brain, and actuators all together in a metal shell. The world-size robot is distributed. It doesn’t have a singular body, and parts of it are controlled in different ways by different people. It doesn’t have a central brain, and it has nothing even remotely resembling a consciousness. It doesn’t have a single goal or focus. It’s not even something we deliberately designed. It’s something we have inadvertently built out of the everyday objects we live with and take for granted. It is the extension of our computers and networks into the real world.
This is the classic definition of a robot. We’re building a world-size robot, and we don’t even realize it.
This world-size robot is actually more than the Internet of Things. It’s a combination of several decades-old computing trends: mobile computing, cloud computing, always-on computing, huge databases of personal information, the Internet of Things — or, more precisely, cyber-physical systems — autonomy, and artificial intelligence. And while it’s still not very smart, it’ll get smarter. It’ll get more powerful and more capable through all the interconnections we’re building.
It’ll also get much more dangerous.
Computer security has been around for almost as long as computers have been. And while it’s true that security wasn’t part of the design of the original internet, it’s something we have been trying to achieve since its beginning.
I have been working in computer security for over 30 years: first in cryptography, then more generally in computer and network security, and now in general security technology. I have watched computers become ubiquitous, and have seen firsthand the problems — and solutions — of securing these complex machines and systems. I’m telling you all this because what used to be a specialized area of expertise now affects everything. Computer security is now everything security. There’s one critical difference, though: The threats have become greater.
Today, the integrity and availability threats are much worse than the confidentiality threats. Once computers start affecting the world in a direct and physical manner, there are real risks to life and property. There is a fundamental difference between crashing your computer and losing your spreadsheet data, and crashing your pacemaker and losing your life. This isn’t hyperbole; recently researchers found serious security vulnerabilities in St. Jude Medical’s implantable heart devices. Give the internet hands and feet, and it will have the ability to punch and kick.
Traditionally, computer security is divided into three categories: confidentiality, integrity, and availability. For the most part, our security concerns have largely centered around confidentiality. We’re concerned about our data and who has access to it — the world of privacy and surveillance, of data theft and misuse.
But threats come in many forms. Availability threats: computer viruses that delete our data, or ransomware that encrypts our data and demands payment for the unlock key. Integrity threats: hackers who can manipulate data entries can do things ranging from changing grades in a class to changing the amount of money in bank accounts. Some of these threats are pretty bad. Hospitals have paid tens of thousands of dollars to criminals whose ransomware encrypted critical medical files. JPMorgan Chase spends half a billion on cybersecurity a year.
Take a concrete example: modern cars, those computers on wheels. The steering wheel no longer turns the axles, nor does the accelerator pedal change the speed. Every move you make in a car is processed by a computer, which does the actual controlling. A central computer controls the dashboard. There’s another in the radio. The engine has 20 or so computers. These are all networked, and increasingly autonomous.
That’s a lot of different security requirements, and the effects of getting them wrong range from illegal surveillance to extortion by ransomware to mass death.
Now, let’s start listing the security threats. We don’t want car navigation systems to be used for mass surveillance, or the microphone for mass eavesdropping. We might want it to be used to determine a car’s location in the event of a 911 call, and possibly to collect information about highway congestion. We don’t want people to hack their own cars to bypass emissions-control limitations. We don’t want manufacturers or dealers to be able to do that, either, as Volkswagen did for years. We can imagine wanting to give police the ability to remotely and safely disable a moving car; that would make high-speed chases a thing of the past. But we definitely don’t want hackers to be able to do that. We definitely don’t want them disabling the brakes in every car without warning, at speed. As we make the transition from driver-controlled cars to cars with various driver-assist capabilities to fully driverless cars, we don’t want any of those critical components subverted. We don’t want someone to be able to accidentally crash your car, let alone do it on purpose. And equally, we don’t want them to be able to manipulate the navigation software to change your route, or the door-lock controls to prevent you from opening the door. I could go on.
Our computers and smartphones are as secure as they are because companies like Microsoft, Apple, and Google spend a lot of time testing their code before it’s released, and quickly patch vulnerabilities when they’re discovered. Those companies can support large, dedicated teams because those companies make a huge amount of money, either directly or indirectly, from their software — and, in part, compete on its security. Unfortunately, this isn’t true of embedded systems like digital video recorders or home routers. Those systems are sold at a much lower margin, and are often built by offshore third parties. The companies involved simply don’t have the expertise to make them secure.
At a recent hacker conference, a security researcher analyzed 30 home routers and was able to break into half of them, including some of the most popular and common brands. The denial-of-service attacks that forced popular websites like Reddit and Twitter off the internet last October were enabled by vulnerabilities in devices like webcams and digital video recorders. In August, two security researchers demonstrated a ransomware attack on a smart thermostat.
Even worse, most of these devices don’t have any way to be patched. Companies like Microsoft and Apple continuously deliver security patches to your computers. Some home routers are technically patchable, but in a complicated way that only an expert would attempt. And the only way for you to update the firmware in your hackable DVR is to throw it away and buy a new one.
The market can’t fix this because neither the buyer nor the seller cares. The owners of the webcams and DVRs used in the denial-of-service attacks don’t care. Their devices were cheap to buy, they still work, and they don’t know any of the victims of the attacks. The sellers of those devices don’t care: They’re now selling newer and better models, and the original buyers only cared about price and features. There is no market solution, because the insecurity is what economists call an externality: It’s an effect of the purchasing decision that affects other people. Think of it kind of like invisible pollution.
Security is an arms race between attacker and defender. Technology perturbs that arms race by changing the balance between attacker and defender. Understanding how this arms race has unfolded on the internet is essential to understanding why the world-size robot we’re building is so insecure, and how we might secure it. To that end, I have five truisms, born from what we’ve already learned about computer and internet security. They will soon affect the security arms race everywhere.
There are many reasons for this, but the most important is the complexity of these systems. More complexity means more people involved, more parts, more interactions, more mistakes in the design and development process, more of everything where hidden insecurities can be found. Computer-security experts like to speak about the attack surface of a system: all the possible points an attacker might target and that must be secured. A complex system means a large attack surface. The defender has to secure the entire attack surface. The attacker just has to find one vulnerability — one unsecured avenue for attack — and gets to choose how and when to attack. It’s simply not a fair battle.
There are other, more general, reasons why attack is easier than defense. Attackers have a natural agility that defenders often lack. They don’t have to worry about laws, and often not about morals or ethics. They don’t have a bureaucracy to contend with, and can more quickly make use of technical innovations. Attackers also have a first-mover advantage. As a society, we’re generally terrible at proactive security; we rarely take preventive security measures until an attack actually happens. So more advantages go to the attacker.
If complexity isn’t enough, we compound the problem by producing lousy software. Well-written software, like the kind found in airplane avionics, is both expensive and time-consuming to produce. We don’t want that. For the most part, poorly written software has been good enough. We’d all rather live with buggy software than pay the prices good software would require. We don’t mind if our games crash regularly, or our business applications act weird once in a while. Because software has been largely benign, it hasn’t mattered. This has permeated the industry at all levels. At universities, we don’t teach how to code well. Companies don’t reward quality code in the same way they reward fast and cheap. And we consumers don’t demand it.
But poorly written software is riddled with bugs, sometimes as many as one per 1,000 lines of code. Some of them are inherent in the complexity of the software, but most are programming mistakes. Not all bugs are vulnerabilities, but some are.
The more we network things together, the more vulnerabilities on one thing will affect other things. On October 21, vulnerabilities in a wide variety of embedded devices were all harnessed together to create what hackers call a botnet. This botnet was used to launch a distributed denial-of-service attack against a company called Dyn. Dyn provided a critical internet function for many major internet sites. So when Dyn went down, so did all those popular websites.
These chains of vulnerabilities are everywhere. In 2012, journalist Mat Honan suffered a massive personal hack because of one of them. A vulnerability in his Amazon account allowed hackers to get into his Apple account, which allowed them to get into his Gmail account. And in 2013, the Target Corporation was hacked by someone stealing credentials from its HVAC contractor.
Vulnerabilities like these are particularly hard to fix, because no one system might actually be at fault. It might be the insecure interaction of two individually secure systems.
This is fundamentally different from what we’re used to. When securing my home against burglars, I am only worried about the burglars who live close enough to my home to consider robbing me. The internet is different. When I think about the security of my network, I have to be concerned about the best attacker possible, because he’s the one who’s going to create the attack tool that everyone else will use. The attacker that discovered the vulnerability used to attack Dyn released the code to the world, and within a week there were a dozen attack tools using it.
One of the most powerful properties of the internet is that it allows things to scale. This is true for our ability to access data or control systems or do any of the cool things we use the internet for, but it’s also true for attacks. In general, fewer attackers can do more damage because of better technology. It’s not just that these modern attackers are more efficient, it’s that the internet allows attacks to scale to a degree impossible without computers and networks.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act is a terrible law that fails at its purpose of preventing widespread piracy of movies and music. To make matters worse, it contains a provision that has critical side effects. According to the law, it is a crime to bypass security mechanisms that protect copyrighted work, even if that bypassing would otherwise be legal. Since all software can be copyrighted, it is arguably illegal to do security research on these devices and to publish the result.
Although the exact contours of the law are arguable, many companies are using this provision of the DMCA to threaten researchers who expose vulnerabilities in their embedded systems. This instills fear in researchers, and has a chilling effect on research, which means two things: (1) Vendors of these devices are more likely to leave them insecure, because no one will notice and they won’t be penalized in the market, and (2) security engineers don’t learn how to do security better.
Unfortunately, companies generally like the DMCA. The provisions against reverse-engineering spare them the embarrassment of having their shoddy security exposed. It also allows them to build proprietary systems that lock out competition. (This is an important one. Right now, your toaster cannot force you to only buy a particular brand of bread. But because of this law and an embedded computer, your Keurig coffee maker can force you to buy a particular brand of coffee.)
In general, there are two basic paradigms of security. We can either try to secure something well the first time, or we can make our security agile. The first paradigm comes from the world of dangerous things: from planes, medical devices, buildings. It’s the paradigm that gives us secure design and secure engineering, security testing and certifications, professional licensing, detailed preplanning and complex government approvals, and long times-to-market. It’s security for a world where getting it right is paramount because getting it wrong means people dying.
These two worlds are colliding. They’re colliding in our cars — literally — in our medical devices, our building control systems, our traffic control systems, and our voting machines. And although these paradigms are wildly different and largely incompatible, we need to figure out how to make them work together.
The second paradigm comes from the fast-moving and heretofore largely benign world of software. In this paradigm, we have rapid prototyping, on-the-fly updates, and continual improvement. In this paradigm, new vulnerabilities are discovered all the time and security disasters regularly happen. Here, we stress survivability, recoverability, mitigation, adaptability, and muddling through. This is security for a world where getting it wrong is okay, as long as you can respond fast enough.
Markets alone can’t solve our security problems. Markets are motivated by profit and short-term goals at the expense of society. They can’t solve collective-action problems. They won’t be able to deal with economic externalities, like the vulnerabilities in DVRs that resulted in Twitter going offline. And we need a counterbalancing force to corporate power.
Until now we’ve largely left computer security to the market. Because the computer and network products we buy and use are so lousy, an enormous after-market industry in computer security has emerged. Governments, companies, and people buy the security they think they need to secure themselves. We’ve muddled through well enough, but the market failures inherent in trying to secure this world-size robot will soon become too big to ignore.
Any policy changes to secure this world-size robot will mean significant government regulation. I know it’s a sullied concept in today’s world, but I don’t see any other possible solution. It’s going to be especially difficult on the internet, where its permissionless nature is one of the best things about it and the underpinning of its most world-changing innovations. But I don’t see how that can continue when the internet can affect the world in a direct and physical manner.
We have a practical problem when it comes to internet regulation. There’s no government structure to tackle this at a systemic level. Instead, there’s a fundamental mismatch between the way government works and the way this technology works that makes dealing with this problem impossible at the moment.
Government operates in silos. In the U.S., the FAA regulates aircraft. The NHTSA regulates cars. The FDA regulates medical devices. The FCC regulates communications devices. The FTC protects consumers in the face of “unfair” or “deceptive” trade practices. Even worse, who regulates data can depend on how it is used. If data is used to influence a voter, it’s the Federal Election Commission’s jurisdiction. If that same data is used to influence a consumer, it’s the FTC’s. Use those same technologies in a school, and the Department of Education is now in charge. Robotics will have its own set of problems, and no one is sure how that is going to be regulated. Each agency has a different approach and different rules. They have no expertise in these new issues, and they are not quick to expand their authority for all sorts of reasons.
I have a proposal: a new government regulatory agency. Before dismissing it out of hand, please hear me out.
Compare that with the internet. The internet is a freewheeling system of integrated objects and networks. It grows horizontally, demolishing old technological barriers so that people and systems that never previously communicated now can. Already, apps on a smartphone can log health information, control your energy use, and communicate with your car. That’s a set of functions that crosses jurisdictions of at least four different government agencies, and it’s only going to get worse.
Our world-size robot needs to be viewed as a single entity with millions of components interacting with each other. Any solutions here need to be holistic. They need to work everywhere, for everything. Whether we’re talking about cars, drones, or phones, they’re all computers.
I don’t think any of us can predict the totality of the regulations we need to ensure the safety of this world, but here’s a few. We need government to ensure companies follow good security practices: testing, patching, secure defaults — and we need to be able to hold companies liable when they fail to do these things. We need government to mandate strong personal data protections, and limitations on data collection and use. We need to ensure that responsible security research is legal and well-funded. We need to enforce transparency in design, some sort of code escrow in case a company goes out of business, and interoperability between devices of different manufacturers, to counterbalance the monopolistic effects of interconnected technologies. Individuals need the right to take their data with them. And internet-enabled devices should retain some minimal functionality if disconnected from the internet
This has lots of precedent. Many new technologies have led to the formation of new government regulatory agencies. Trains did, cars did, airplanes did. Radio led to the formation of the Federal Radio Commission, which became the FCC. Nuclear power led to the formation of the Atomic Energy Commission, which eventually became the Department of Energy. The reasons were the same in every case. New technologies need new expertise because they bring with them new challenges. Governments need a single agency to house that new expertise, because its applications cut across several preexisting agencies. It’s less that the new agency needs to regulate — although that’s often a big part of it — and more that governments recognize the importance of the new technologies.
The internet has famously eschewed formal regulation, instead adopting a multi-stakeholder model of academics, businesses, governments, and other interested parties. My hope is that we can keep the best of this approach in any regulatory agency, looking more at the new U.S. Digital Service or the 18F office inside the General Services Administration. Both of those organizations are dedicated to providing digital government services, and both have collected significant expertise by bringing people in from outside of government, and both have learned how to work closely with existing agencies. Any internet regulatory agency will similarly need to engage in a high level of collaborate regulation — both a challenge and an opportunity.
But government is the entity we use to solve problems like this. Governments have the scope, scale, and balance of interests to address the problems. It’s the institution we’ve built to adjudicate competing social interests and internalize market externalities. Left to their own devices, the market simply can’t. That we’re currently in the middle of an era of low government trust, where many of us can’t imagine government doing anything positive in an area like this, is to our detriment.
Of course there will be problems. There’s a lack of expertise in these issues inside government. There’s a lack of willingness in government to do the hard regulatory work. Industry is worried about any new bureaucracy: both that it will stifle innovation by regulating too much and that it will be captured by industry and regulate too little. A domestic regulatory agency will have to deal with the fundamentally international nature of the problem.
I’m not the only one talking about this. I’ve seen proposals for a National Institutes of Health analog for cybersecurity. University of Washington law professor Ryan Calo has proposed a Federal Robotics Commission. I think it needs to be broader: maybe a Department of Technology Policy.
Here’s the thing: Governments will get involved, regardless. The risks are too great, and the stakes are too high. Government already regulates dangerous physical systems like cars and medical devices. And nothing motivates the U.S. government like fear. Remember 2001? A nominally small-government Republican president created the Office of Homeland Security 11 days after the terrorist attacks: a rushed and ill-thought-out decision that we’ve been trying to fix for over a decade. A fatal disaster will similarly spur our government into action, and it’s unlikely to be well-considered and thoughtful action. Our choice isn’t between government involvement and no government involvement. Our choice is between smarter government involvement and stupider government involvement. We have to start thinking about this now. Regulations are necessary, important, and complex; and they’re coming. We can’t afford to ignore these issues until it’s too late.
This might be a heresy in today’s race to network everything, but large, centralized systems are not inevitable. The technical elites are pushing us in that direction, but they really don’t have any good supporting arguments other than the profits of their ever-growing multinational corporations.
There are other models. We can enable local communications only. We can set limits on collected and stored data. We can deliberately design systems that don’t interoperate with each other. We can deliberately fetter devices, reversing the current trend of turning everything into a general-purpose computer. And, most important, we can move toward less centralization and more distributed systems, which is how the internet was first envisioned.
We also need to start disconnecting systems. If we cannot secure complex systems to the level required by their real-world capabilities, then we must not build a world where everything is computerized and interconnected.
The inevitable backlash will not be driven by the market. It will be deliberate policy decisions that put the safety and welfare of society above individual corporations and industries. It will be deliberate policy decisions that prioritize the security of our systems over the demands of the FBI to weaken them in order to make their law-enforcement jobs easier. It’ll be hard policy for many to swallow, but our safety will depend on it.
But this will change. It will change not only because of security concerns, it will also change because of political concerns. We’re starting to chafe under the worldview of everything producing data about us and what we do, and that data being available to both governments and corporations. Surveillance capitalism won’t be the business model of the internet forever. We need to change the fabric of the internet so that evil governments don’t have the tools to create a horrific totalitarian state. And while good laws and regulations in Western democracies are a great second line of defense, they can’t be our only line of defense.
My guess is that we will soon reach a high-water mark of computerization and connectivity, and that afterward we will make conscious decisions about what and how we decide to interconnect. But we’re still in the honeymoon phase of connectivity. Governments and corporations are punch-drunk on our data, and the rush to connect everything is driven by an even greater desire for power and market share. One of the presentations released by Edward Snowden contained the NSA mantra: “Collect it all.” A similar mantra for the internet today might be: “Connect it all.”
The scenarios I’ve outlined, both the technological and economic trends that are causing them and the political changes we need to make to start to fix them, come from my years of working in internet-security technology and policy. All of this is informed by an understanding of both technology and policy. That turns out to be critical, and there aren’t enough people who understand both.
This brings me to my final plea: We need more public-interest technologists.
This plea is bigger than security, actually. Pretty much all of the major policy debates of this century will have a major technological component. Whether it’s weapons of mass destruction, robots drastically affecting employment, climate change, food safety, or the increasing ubiquity of ever-shrinking drones, understanding the policy means understanding the technology. Our society desperately needs technologists working on the policy. The alternative is bad policy.
Over the past couple of decades, we’ve seen examples of getting internet-security policy badly wrong. I’m thinking of the FBI’s “going dark” debate about its insistence that computer devices be designed to facilitate government access, the “vulnerability equities process” about when the government should disclose and fix a vulnerability versus when it should use it to attack other systems, the debacle over paperless touch-screen voting machines, and the DMCA that I discussed above. If you watched any of these policy debates unfold, you saw policy-makers and technologists talking past each other.
We have to fix this. Getting IoT security right depends on the two sides working together and, even more important, having people who are experts in each working on both. We need technologists to get involved in policy, and we need policy-makers to get involved in technology. We need people who are experts in making both technology and technological policy. We need technologists on congressional staffs, inside federal agencies, working for NGOs, and as part of the press. We need to create a viable career path for public-interest technologists, much as there already is one for public-interest attorneys. We need courses, and degree programs in colleges, for people interested in careers in public-interest technology. We need fellowships in organizations that need these people. We need technology companies to offer sabbaticals for technologists wanting to go down this path. We need an entire ecosystem that supports people bridging the gap between technology and law. We need a viable career path that ensures that even though people in this field won’t make as much as they would in a high-tech start-up, they will have viable careers. The security of our computerized and networked future — meaning the security of ourselves, families, homes, businesses, and communities — depends on it.
Our world-size robot will exacerbate these problems. The historical divide between Washington and Silicon Valley — the mistrust of governments by tech companies and the mistrust of tech companies by governments — is dangerous.
The world-size robot is less designed than created. It’s coming without any forethought or architecting or planning; most of us are completely unaware of what we’re building. In fact, I am not convinced we can actually design any of this. When we try to design complex sociotechnical systems like this, we are regularly surprised by their emergent properties. The best we can do is observe and channel these properties as best we can.
Market thinking sometimes makes us lose sight of the human choices and autonomy at stake. Before we get controlled — or killed — by the world-size robot, we need to rebuild confidence in our collective governance institutions. Law and policy may not seem as cool as digital tech, but they’re also places of critical innovation. They’re where we collectively bring about the world we want to live in.
While I might sound like a Cassandra, I’m actually optimistic about our future. Our society has tackled bigger problems than this one. It takes work and it’s not easy, but we eventually find our way clear to make the hard choices necessary to solve our real problems.
The world-size robot we’re building can only be managed responsibly if we start making real choices about the interconnected world we live in. Yes, we need security systems as robust as the threat landscape. But we also need laws that effectively regulate these dangerous technologies. And, more generally, we need to make moral, ethical, and political decisions on how those systems should work. Until now, we’ve largely left the internet alone. We gave programmers a special right to code cyberspace as they saw fit. This was okay because cyberspace was separate and relatively unimportant: That is, it didn’t matter. Now that that’s changed, we can no longer give programmers and the companies they work for this power. Those moral, ethical, and political decisions need, somehow, to be made by everybody. We need to link people with the same zeal that we are currently linking machines. “Connect it all” must be countered with “connect us all.”
The account quickly took off, thanks to “a bit of time on the Suggested User List” and a tweet about the account from Twitter’s CEO (“I’m not sure he knew it was one of his own employees”). But after the sudden surge in followers early on, Truebe felt he needed to take a step back. “I stopped posting for basically a year or so because it became personally stressful to maintain an account with over half a million followers,” he explained. That all changed after the election, when Truebe returned to Twitter and “shifted gears.”
“After the election I was in a pit of emotion, along with what felt like most of my friends and colleagues. People kept asking for more puppies to cheer them up,” Truebe said. “And I was thinking, puppies aren’t going to solve this alone. What good is a puppy in the face of such fresh horrors?” This week, Truebe resumed tweeting. This time, the pictures of pups were accompanied by a mix of commentary on the current political climate and self-care tips. The account’s description now reads “Government Watch Dog.”
The reaction to @EmergencyPuppy’s new brand of tweets has been “overwhelmingly positive.” “Add @EmergencyPuppy to the list of freedom fighters with @TeenVogue and rogue scientists,” wrote one Twitter user, describing several other unexpected groups that have risen to become the face of the resistance. Still, Truebe says he’s also experienced some flak. “The extremely negative responses seem to come from privilege — almost exclusively white men — who feel as if I have violated some contract by switching the content up,” he said. “As if they were entitled to cute puppies and only cute puppies and that it is their right to complain about a free service I’m providing.” Truebe says for these users, his response is often to just tweet back using one particular picture of a dog with its tongue out, “it’s a good dog.”
Truebe plans to keep up with the political tweets as long as he has a captive audience. “There are many, many voices that should be listened to instead of mine,” Truebe explained, noting he hopes his followers won’t just “stick to Twitter” as an echo chamber for outrage. Instead, his goal with @EmergencyPuppy is, ideally, to move people to take real actions, from writing letters and making phone calls to elected officials to attending local government meetings.
“I hope I can empower and support those who might be afraid to speak, and will listen when they do,” Truebe said. “Which is, admittedly, a tall order for a cute-puppy Twitter account.”
Truebe isn’t the only dog account getting into politics these days. The extremely popular @dog_rates – of “they’re good dogs, Brent” fame – has also begun tweeting in response to the Trump administration.
Its built-in spectrometer can measure calorie counts, estimate the freshness of fruit, and even track body fat.
Every era presents a unique set of challenges to those who must live through it. In the 21st century, one of those challenges will be sharing your name with artificial intelligences. According to a report from The Wall Street Journal this morning, for people named Alexa — and Alexis, Alexandria, Alexi, Alex, and Lex Luthor — the command word for an Amazon Echo is wreaking havoc. “I always liked my name, until Amazon gave it to a robot, ” NYU graduate Alexa Sussman said.
Yesterday was a big day for President Trump. He not only signaled he wanted to start a trade war with Mexico, but he also got to ride in Air Force One (the presidential plane) and Marine One (the presidential helicopter). The press was on hand to snap photos, and one picture in particular has caught the attention of the internet.
Could Trump be our first thicc president of the 21st century?
Will this be first and last chance to verify if the president is, indeed, thicc?
Is Trump’s butt even, perhaps, historic?
Most importantly, can the president’s posterior also be a vehicle for memes?
Gaming this out, of course, you have to consider what the president’s response will be.
As of 11 a.m. ET, the White House has issued no statement about the size of the president’s backside. We’ll update if that changes.
From WSJ:
Fortunately, there’s an easy way to change the command word which triggers an Amazon Echo or Echo Dot’s microphone. (Sussman and her family owned their device for a year before discovering this, but have decided to keep the name because it’s “funny.”) Here’s how to do it.
Step 1: Open the Alexa app.
Step 2: Tap the three horizontal lines next to “Home” in the upper-left-hand corner of the screen.
Step 3: Tap “Settings” from the menu.
Step 4: Select the device you want to change. If you only own one, this should be easy.
Step 5: Tap “Wake Word.” You’ll be shown a menu of options: “Amazon,” “Echo,” and “Computer.” Pick one to be your new command. Heads up: Changing the wake word can take a few minutes to update on the device itself, so you’ll have to wait a little bit before returning to yelling at your little robot to play you some Alanis Morissette.
The other option, of course, is to change your daughter’s name.
Sure, Wikipedia is good for easy-to-digest information about any topic your heart desires, but it’s also good for pranks against public figures. This week’s victim was Paul Ryan, by way of the Wikipedia page for invertebrates. As per the page’s definition, “invertebrates are animals that neither possess nor develop a vertebral column (commonly known as a backbone or spine),” and for a brief period of time on Thursday, this included Ryan. Estimated members of described species: One.
The Wikipedia page — as first spotted by BuzzFeed’s Alp Ozcelik – has since been edited and no longer includes Ryan’s headshot wedged beneath the horseshoe crab. (You can track the edit history here.) But still, we have several questions. Who are you, anonymous editing hero? Will you strike again? And, perhaps most important, how does Paul Ryan manage to dab if he doesn’t have a spine?
It seems unlikely that President Trump’s internet base — the trolls and activists from 4chan, Reddit, Twitter, and elsewhere, whose “meme magic” (mostly cartoon frogs in red hats) helped the president dominate social media during the election — would be able to find much common ground with opponents of the new administration. The online “Trump Train” has a vituperative hatred for the snowflakes and SJWs of the Democratic Party, and there are no issues on which the meme magicians wouldn’t fall into lockstep behind the man they call “god-emperor.” Except, maybe, on one particular issue that falls close to home — the internet itself.
Last week, Donald Trump named the telecommunications lawyer Ajit Pai to run the Federal Communications Commission, the regulatory body that oversees telecom companies and common carriers. Pai was the ranking Republican commissioner under President Obama, so his rise is not particularly shocking — but Pai has stated many times over the years that he does not believe in the principle of net neutrality: the idea, essentially, that all traffic on the internet must be treated equally. If net neutrality isn’t mandated, internet-service providers could theoretically determine their customers’ ability to access certain websites or services — either by directly preventing access, or, more likely, by severely limiting or throttling speeds.
And even if you wouldn’t expect the Redditors and channers who make up the Trump Train to support net neutrality by virtue of their heavy internet use, Trump’s most vocal online supporters have a clear interest in maintaining net neutrality — it’s a policy that helps guarantee that sites like Reddit, 4chan, and their even seedier cousins can be accessed by anyone. But standing up for net neutrality would also require them to criticize the god-emperor. There is no evidence that Trump really understands the issue, save for an ill-informed 2014 tweet.
Net neutrality is baked into the free, open culture of the internet, and it’s long been popular a rallying point both for the tech companies, like Netflix and Reddit, that would have the most to lose without it, and for the many users that believe strongly in the principle of an open internet. Over the years, at moments when net neutrality has been threatened, hundreds of thousands of people have been mobilized to protect it, by lobbying the FCC and elected officials. It’s the rare issue that heavy internet users on the left and right can agree on.
To find out more about how internet advocates on the right feel about Pai, I spoke to Utsav Sanduja, the communications officer at Gab.ai, a Twitter/Reddit hybrid preferred by members of the alt-right following Twitter’s postelection crackdown. Sanduja was quick to assert that Gab’s 140,000 users fall across the political spectrum, but he did tell me that “we have a very pro-freedom stance” when it comes to individual internet users.
Gab users are united behind “four critical internet freedoms,” Sanduja told me. “The freedom to to access lawful content, the freedom to use applications, the freedom to attach personal devices to the network, and the freedom to obtain service-plan information.” These are, word for word, the four so-called “internet freedoms” that former FCC chair Michael Powell outlined in 2004, during the Bush administration. (For what it’s worth, Powell has characterized the FCC’s 2015 net-neutrality measures as too expansive.)
Sanduja wouldn’t commit Gab to a political stance, arguing that Pai’s actions on net neutrality were purely hypothetical (though I’d say that Pai has been pretty clear on his intent). Sanduja talked around coming out in favor of net neutrality, despite the fact that Gab’s philosophy is clearly aligned with it. Should Pai take concrete steps to dismantle it, Gab would likely try and organize its users to take action.
Earlier this month, Gab’s iOS app was rejected from the app store, after sitting in review for roughly a month. The future of the internet that net neutrality seeks to avoid is Apple’s walled garden on a larger scale: ISPs restricting content from users. If Trump-supporting Gab users believe that Apple is overstepping its bounds by moderating its app store too heavily, it’s not much of a leap to assume that they feel similarly about internet-service providers. Both are large, monopolistic platform holders that could potentially wield outsize power regarding what travels over their network. If Trump’s supporters value their personal liberties, then it would benefit them to be in favor of net neutrality, and to oppose Ajit Pai — even if they are hesitant to come out and actually admit as much.
Voat, the anti-political-correctness Reddit clone that popped up after Reddit started cleaning house, has numerous threads about Pai’s appointment. Most of them lie dormant, though occasionally users with names like Ghetto_Shitlord will show up to act as a voice of reason. A pro-Pai article submitted to Voat yesterday has two comments, one of which reads, “Unconvincing BS. This guy uses legalese to coverup his support for ISPs doing whatever they want.”
Maybe the most sophisticated and dissenting opinions on net neutrality can be found on r/The_Donald, the main subreddit for discussion of Donald Trump and his policies, and where much of the “meme magic” was generated. For the most part, where an r/The_Donald member seems to fall on net neutrality has a lot to do with how well they understand the issue. To some, net neutrality represents government regulation of the private sector. That’s not necessarily incorrect, but even understood as regulation, net neutrality has clear benefits for the end user. This can be difficult to sort out and reconcile.
The clear silence surrounding Pai on Voat contrasts starkly with posts on net neutrality from a year and a half ago, when users were concerned about Congress and lobbyists launching a sneak attack.
One r/The_Donald poster, DRRider, summed it up thusly:
“Pick your poison,” they wrote. “Personally, I’d prefer the former since it’s more decentralized.” Except that, in this case, “decentralized” ISPs are still highly centralized geographically, and tend to hold near-monopolies in the areas they serve. Expecting uncontested ISPs to start innovating and improving their products, rather than holding users hostage, would be to ignore the entire history of commercial ISPs.
But for the most part, r/The_Donald users do seem to have a decent grasp on the question of net neutrality, and do recognize its importance. The hypothetical examples are like a mirror image of the liberal side of the internet. Multiple users fear that ISPs, which own mainstream news outlets (Comcast owns NBC, Time Warner owns CNN), will use a lack of net neutrality to push a liberal agenda onto internet customers. And while unlikely, there is a nonzero possibility of this happening if net neutrality is rolled back. That’s why preemptive net-neutrality regulations are important.
Or, in the words of NimbleNavigator931, “Privacy and net neutrality is a priority if we’re going to win the meme war in the long game.”
As the first full week of the Trump administration draws to a close, many anti-Trump Twitter users have been heartened by the rise of a group of more than 50 (according to CNN) “rogue” Twitter accounts supposedly affiliated with U.S. government employees. These employees, the story goes, have been disgruntled by moves the administration has made to tamp down on these agency’s abilities to spread their messages — particularly messages having to do with subjects like climate changes — and have taken to Twitter to resist Trump’s authoritarianism.
As a result, some of these accounts have quickly amassed huge followings — 1.25 million for the most famous one, @AltNatParkSer. But at the moment, according to multiple news stories about the accounts, no one really knows who is behind them, since it doesn’t appear anyone has verified the identities of the Tweeters. Therefore, Anti-Trumpers who spread them are engaging in the exact same sort of motivated, credulous sharing that fuels the dissemination of all sorts of crazy internet rumors, including those which targeted Hillary Clinton during the campaign.
Now, to be sure, there’s mountains of evidence fake news is a bigger problem on the right than the left, so this isn’t an attempt to draw a false analogy. Plus, the content of many of these tweets is simply stuff that is plainly true, like that man-made climate change is real. But if we’re really worried about fake news, we should adopt coherent standards for when we do and don’t share information — those standards can’t waver just because the message is one we want to hear. Remember that in some cases, the fake news liberals denounced during the election wasn’t even necessarily stuff that had been fully debunked or could be straightforwardly debunked — the rumor about Clinton saying she wished she could drone-strike Assange, for example, rested on pretty ridiculous and hard to pin down anonymous sourcing. Rather, it spread before it had been verified by anyone with credibility.
By now, a few outlets, including Vice, have criticized the lack of verification. But less attention has been paid to the sharing dynamic that has helped these accounts blow up in the first place. People who share these accounts and their tweets desperately want it to be the case that some brave government staffers are tweeting their resistance to the Trump agenda. Because they want it to be true, they don’t bother to ask the questions they would ask if the information didn’t confirm their political biases — they retweet and like and share in a way they simply wouldn’t in other cases.
This could be a moment for a bit of humility. Many, if not most, of the people helping disseminate these unverified “rogue” accounts have probably griped about how easily misinformation spread about Clinton. But misinformation isn’t a problem restricted to one ideology or any specific set of personality characteristics: As long as we’re willing to share stuff with our friends and followers without making sure it’s legit, the world will only become a more confusing and conspiracy-prone place.
Many Chinese users, according to the Journal, simply leave their wallets at home and transfer money exclusively via the app. “More than 95% of China’s 731 million online population access the internet via their smartphones,” they write, “and half made offline, in-store mobile payments in 2016, according to a report released by the China Internet Network Information Center.” In addition, QR codes have replaced rituals like the business-card exchange.
But QR codes were apparently more hassle than they were worth. Users had to stop, pull out their phone, open the scan app, hold their phone against the wall for a few seconds, and hope that the code registered on the sensor. It was a real momentum killer. QR codes are still around — variants of the format are often used as shortcuts to adding contacts on Snapchat and Facebook Messenger — but you’re less likely to see them manifest tangibly in the real world.
The humble QR code, a square-shaped version of a bar code you may have seen on misguided bus-stop advertisements, was supposed to change the world. Simply boot up your smartphone’s camera, and you could quickly scan codes to pay for stuff, open links to websites, or snag contact info. They never really took off in the U.S., though not for the tech industry’s lack of trying. A half-decade ago, you couldn’t go to South by Southwest without running into approximately 14 bazillion QR codes.
Except in China, where, according to The Wall Street Journal, QR codes have become a part of everyday life thanks to WeChat, the Swiss-Army-knife app that people use to call cabs, pay for things, and text friends, among other functions. WeChat’s founder, Allen Zhang, is reportedly obsessed with them, and frequently extols their virtues. In one recent 90-minute speech he mentioned them 22 times.
Is there anything to take away from this, besides that we must crush China to ensure the QR code is never adopted here? Among other things, it’s a good reminder of the phenomenal success of WeChat. The app, by virtue of its versatility, is how many Chinese residents spend their time online; it’s practically an operating system itself, and it’s made China’s internet economy different from the Western world’s. Chatbots, for example, are a booming business in China, thanks to WeChat’s huge popularity — but despite loud pronouncements of looming chatbot ubiquity Stateside, they’ve fizzled here in the U.S. They may have their day yet — but if the QR code is any indication, there are just some ideas that make more sense in a world where the default internet experience is WeChat instead of Facebook.
A common refrain about the current state of Apple products is that Steve Jobs would have hated them. But a patent, first spotted by Digital Trends, for some sort of vaporizer seems like something Jobs maybe would have been into. Jobs, who took LSD 10 to 15 times and smoked weed for about five years in the ’70s, once said that taking LSD was “one of the most important things in my life.”
Unfortunately, after reading further through the patent, it seems unlikely that Apple is building the e-cigarette that would allow you to become the ultimate cloud chaser or some sort of ultrasleek “it just works” version of the Volcano. Like many of the patents Apple (and many other tech companies) file, just what the device would actually be for is pretty opaque — patents mainly describe process, not so much intent.
So what is this patent actually going to be used for? Temperature regulation is an important part of computing, though it’s difficult to imagine how a device that will slowly vaporize a substance at a steady temperature would aid in that. Most likely, this will be used in semicondutor manufacturing, in which various types of materials are vaporized to be used as a method of applying thin films of substances like silicon to a chip. So your hopes for a vape of the future may have just gone up in smoke.
Finally, the Apple employee who filed the patent, Tetsuya Ishikawa, appears to work mainly in nanotechnology. Previous patents filed by Ishikawa include “magnet assembly for plasma containment,” “in-situ substrate temperature measurement scheme in plasma reactor,” and “plasma reactor using inductive RF coupling, and processes.” Building Apple’s first foray into the consumer vaping market and going from plasma to pot would be, uh, a departure for Ishikawa’s career to date.
That said, it doesn’t appear that Apple is patenting something meant to vaporize a substance and then allow a user to draw it into their lungs. For one, the heating plate at the bottom is meant to slowly lower as more of the “substance” is vaporized — which would suggest some sort of liquid. Which, sure, could be the “juice” used in electronic cigarettes. But there’s also the fact that while the lid at top of the device may have “outlets allowing the vapor to be drawn out,” further in the patent it’s clear the lid is mainly meant to make the device airtight — with the possible outlets meant more for tubing running along the side of the device to aid in temperature regulation, less for taking massive rips.
The patent describes a device in which a “substance” is placed underneath a heating plate, where steady temperature allows all of the substance below to either vaporize or sublimate, with the plate slowly pushing down as more of the substance is consumed.
Last night, Sean Spicer retweeted a video from satirical news publication the Onion. “You nailed it,” Spicer tweeted, along with the video which listed “Five Things to Know About Sean Spicer.” Except it seems like maybe Spicer — who remember, as White House Press Secretary, is partially in the business of watching videos and reading tweets — didn’t watch the video or read the Onion’s tweet as carefully as he could have … since they declare Spicer’s “role in the Trump administration will be to provide the American public with robust and clearly articulated misinformation.”
The video’s “things to know” also include Spicer’s former role as a senior correspondent for NPR (false), his “defensive” speaking style (slightly less false), and his questionable pocket squares (style is subjective, I guess). Thing-to-know number four is “whether or not Spicer has ever knowingly lied to the press.” “One’s own mental activity is the only unquestionable fact of one’s experience,” the Onion explains in its answer.
To quote Sean Spicer, “nailed it.”
Uber, likely acting less out of active malevolence than cluelessness, decided to do the exact opposite. As it often does in inclement conditions and during moments when it’s afraid it will be seen as price gouging, the company dropped surge pricing around the airport:
What about alternatives? Well, Lyft, one of Uber’s main competitors, used the controversy as an opportunity to announce that it would donate $1 million to the American Civil Liberties Union over the next four years. That being said, anyone looking for a liberal hero should probably look somewhere besides the ride-share app sector — Lyft’s labor practices are not much better than Uber’s; they continued to service JFK yesterday, and Trump advisor Peter Thiel is also an investor. (If you live in New York City, you can use the Arro app to hail yellow cabs.)
Though turning off surge pricing would likely mean fewer drivers at JFK and less money in the company’s pocket, the bland confirmation that Uber was conducting business as usual infuriated protestors, who accused the company of scabbing. Uber was forced to clarify hours later by linking to a limp email that CEO Travis Kalanick had sent to employees about Trump’s order:
As protests erupted at JFK Airport in New York City yesterday following President Trump’s sweeping executive order on immigration, the New York Taxi Workers Alliance — a majority-immigrant and heavily Muslim union — stopped service to and from the airport in solidarity with the protesters and people affected by Trump’s ban. The 19,000-member union wrote on Facebook that, “As an organization whose membership is largely Muslim, a workforce that’s almost universally immigrant, and a working-class movement that is rooted in the defense of the oppressed, we say no to this inhumane and unconstitutional ban.”
The company’s commitment to compensating drivers caught abroad when the executive order was handed down is unquestionably admirable. But Kalanick is a rising star in a notoriously liberal business sector, and the CEO of a company that makes extensive use of immigrant labor in an industry already heavily reliant on it, and his inability to directly condemn the ban — and his place on Trump’s “business advisory group” — seemed to push already-skeptical Uber users over the edge. Starting last evening, and continuing through today, users have been deleting their Uber accounts en masse — not just deleting the app, but the account itself — and telling the company why. They shared screenshots with the hashtag #deleteUber.
If you’re so inclined, you can delete Uber by going to the page linked here. We’ve reached out to Uber for comment and will update if we hear back.
Update, 4:35 p.m.: Kalanick has posted another update that is still mostly focused on how Uber is helping its own drivers deal with the immigration ban. Along with providing legal services and compensating drivers for lost earnings, it includes the more expansive point of “[urging] the government to reinstate the right of U.S. residents to travel — whatever their country of origin — immediately.”
Valentine’s Day is just around the corner, which means it’s time — for the second year in a row — for your Twitter feed to become clogged with auto-generated tweets from people you follow proclaiming which of their followers would make the best match for them on the 14th of February. The tweets come courtesy of a, let’s say, questionable website called Affinitweet. To generate your match, you have to log into the site via your Twitter account, grant Affinitweet read and write permissions for your personal Twitter, and, most annoyingly, you can’t just use the Valentine’s match generator and not share it. If you want your match, you have to authorize Affinitweet to automatically tweet your results.
If you’re dying to know which of your Twitter followers a computer — using Twitter’s API and your public tweets — deems your match, you can do that here. Though you may want to hold off on doing so. Affinitweet, while seemingly fun, is lacking in clarity when it comes to which information of yours it is accessing and what it is doing with it. There is no email to contact (Select All reached out via Twitter and will update if we hear back) and the only semblance of a terms of service is a short paragraph at the top of the site’s homepage. The support section of the site includes a Twitter handle and a PayPal link to donate to the site, which … LOL.
From Affinitweet:
Like many Twitter apps you might already use — TimeHop, Instagram, Vine (RIP), Medium (semi-RIP), the list goes on — Affinitweet requires what are known as “read and write permissions.” This means the app has access to all your public tweets (read) and can do things like tweet and edit your profile (write). Unlike those other apps, which have clear terms of service and privacy policies (“we will never tweet on your behalf yadda yadda”), you should be a little nervous about using Affinitweet because you have no idea where your potentially scraped data is going. Best case scenario: Nowhere. Worst case scenario: It’s being sold to the highest bidder. And as of right now, where Affinitweet falls between those two is unclear.
If you’re still bent on finding out which of your Twitter friends should be your Valentine, make sure to revoke Affinitweet’s access to your Twitter once you’re done. To do that, head to your Twitter account settings and choose “Apps.” Then click the “Revoke Access” button next to Affinitweet. While you’re there, check and see what other apps you’ve authorized over the years. If you’re not using them, revoke their access too. And maybe just try something more old-fashioned this Valentine’s Day, like buying your crush a nice little AI for their apartment.
The sudden wave of protest and dissent that swept up thousands of Americans this past weekend led normally politically apathetic people to do many things that they’d never usually do: march, chant, make signs, protest, voluntarily travel to JFK Airport, and, maybe most surprising of all for a particular class of young urban professionals, delete their Uber accounts.
To recap: On Saturday, the New York Taxi Workers Alliance announced an hour-long work stoppage between 6 and 7 p.m. for rides to and from JFK airport. Shortly after 7:30, after the stoppage had ended, Uber’s NYC presence tweeted that surge pricing had been turned off near JFK — something Uber often does during delays caused by newsworthy events to avoid the perception of being price gougers. The end result, however, was that Uber was perceived as breaking a strike. That Uber was turning off surge pricing — thereby making JFK less attractive to drivers using Uber, and in that sense the closest thing to a work stoppage Uber can call on its decentralized, non-union platform — didn’t seem matter; the fact that it tweeted about doing business around JFK at all (combined with CEO Travis Kalanick’s presence on Trump’s business advisory board) was enough to launch an ad-hoc campaign: #DeleteUber.
It’s unclear how many people actually deleted Uber, but it was enough to get the hashtag trending, induce a response from Kalanick, and prompt the company to buy ads on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook touting the company’s (commendable) commitment of funds to compensate Uber drivers trapped out of the country by President Trump’s sudden executive order. Maybe most stinging of all was the good publicity that Uber’s archrival Lyft was able to milk by almost immediately pledging a million dollars to the ACLU. All in all, it was not the weekend Uber might have hoped for.
Especially when it comes to ride sharing. Uber’s strategy hinges on making users reliant on its service, and creating the largest network of drivers. But without the network, it has no particular advantage over its competitors, and in big cities the wait times for Lyft and Uber are often equivalent. For those people, deleting Uber means no loss of service or disadvantage.
At Axios, tech reporter Dan Primack argues that “Uber didn’t deserve #DeleteUber.” To the extent that #DeleteUber is understood as a direct response to this weekend’s events, that might be true: The company wasn’t technically scabbing; its tweet was an ill-advised blunder; and it was likely actually slowing down work around JFK, albeit not in direct solidarity. But it’s probably better to understand #DeleteUber less as a reaction to the company’s actions this weekend and more as the culmination of years of complaint and criticism about Uber, finally coming to a head in a new, highly charged political moment.
But users switching to Lyft are just moving to a company that’s no better than Uber on the issues that Uber-deleters care about. Lyft, which counts Trump transition-team member Peter Thiel among its stakeholders, employs a strategy similar to Uber, subsidizing rides to undercut yellow-cab drivers and operating at a loss to rope users in. And it is similarly resistant to classifying full-time drivers as employees — it just happens to not have accidentally inserted itself into a moment of enormous political action.
That the most notable consumer-level rejection of Uber (as opposed to resistance in the form of government regulation) came on the heels of what was essentially a communications blunder is telling. Amidst immense political and social upheaval, the transition from Obama to Trump has been like replacing a soft-light bulb with a fluorescent one: It’s much harder to ignore blemishes. For people galvanized by Trump’s election, and subsequent actions, willingness to forgive big, rich companies small blunders is no longer in abundance. And while Lyft might be enjoying its moment as the seemingly virtuous alternative, it’s only a matter of time before the spotlight shines on it, too.
On Monday, a female bobcat named Ollie managed to escape her enclosure at the Smithsonian’s National Zoo in Washington, D.C. Ollie, a seven-year-old feline weighing in at 25 pounds, is said not to be a threat to humans. The Smithsonian asked that anybody who spotted her call 202-633-7362 while keeping a safe distance and waiting for trained professionals to help bring Ollie back.
We can only hope Ollie’s Great Adventure: The Long Journey Home has a happy ending and involves the sort of livestream coverage that escaped llamas, bears, and rogue blobs of foam have made us accustomed to. In the meanwhile, the @-replies to the Smithsonian’s call for help on Twitter are entertainment enough.
Since its inception, every positive story about Uber has been countered with a negative one. It may be convenient, cheap, and revolutionary in certain ways, but it refuses to treat full-time workers as employees and resists unionization (it’s not an accident that #DeleteUber appeared at a moment of clear contrast between Uber’s precariat workforce and the organized NYTWA); it uses billions of dollars raised from investors to defy and dismantle regulation; it subsidizes rides at rates that, while cheaper than a yellow cab, are not sustainable in the longer term. (Interestingly, the most strenuous anti-Uber propagandists might be the app’s drivers themselves. Anecdotally, at least, drivers who use more than one ride-share app tend to openly complain about Uber’s cut, and are more than willing to encourage their riders to use Lyft, Gett, or Juno.)
But in a world where the arc of the moral universe appears to be bending rapidly in the correct direction, it’s easier for people to shut out those criticisms and enjoy the convenience of a ride-hailing app. In a world where even Uber’s middle-class-professional base feels threatened, it’s much harder to rationalize away compromises.
The world is currently in, well, shambles, but for those of us watching it burn on Twitter dot com there is at least one good thing happening online this week: an animated video clip of Winnie the Pooh doing the dance from “Gangnam Style” layered over everything from Trump-Pence protest chants to “Bad and Boujee” by Migos. It’s excellent. Some truly A+ content.
As for the animation’s source, the Winnie dancing clip appears to have originated on YouTube from user Fesbuk Videos. It was posted back in January of 2015 but has had something of a renaissance in the past week on Twitter and Instagram.
While you might not expect it of the ursine 100 Acre Woods inhabitant, Pooh dancing works with just about any song or situation, as evidenced by a popular new Twitter account which has racked up over 20,000 followers in a short period of time pairing the bear dancing with songs by request.
Follow @WinnieDancing here for the latest from the bear. Or make your own edits and then please promptly email them to Select All. We’ll be waiting.
On Tuesday night, then–acting attorney general Sally Yates was fired after ordering Justice Department lawyers to not comply with Trump’s recent immigration ban on people from seven, primarily Muslim, nations. In her place, President Trump appointed Dana Boente, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. Boente will serve as acting AG until Jeff Sessions is (theoretically) confirmed by the Senate. But while the Trump administration was busy shuffling things around at the Department of Justice, and media organizations were hustling to send out push notification after push notification, a few unknown people on the internet were dealing with the news in their own way: editing Yates’s and Boente’s Wikipedia pages.
While Yates’s page was edited to label her a “god damned American hero,” Boente’s edits weren’t quite so laudatory. Instead, Boente’s anonymous editor described him as “the newest sock puppet for the Trump administration.” (Worth noting: Wikipedia entries are often the first piece of information that Google pulls up about a person. If you Googled Boente’s name for a brief period of time last night, you’d have seen the “sock puppet” sentence beside the new acting AG’s birthday and headshot.)
Boente and Yates aren’t the only two who have seen Wikipedia tweaks in light of the inauguration. Earlier this month, somebody changed White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s Wikipedia photo to a shot of notoriously mendacious Iraqi spokesman Muhammad Saeed al-Sahhaf, better known online as “Baghdad Bob.”
And in a creative play on a joke that just won’t die, another person changed the Wikipedia entry for invertebrates to include a photo of Paul Ryan. Because he … doesn’t have a spine. [Pause here for eye-rolling and groaning.]
The concept of Wikipedia-edit-as-gag isn’t a new one — just ask any nerdy teen who had access to a computer in 2007 and some time to kill — but it can also be a decent way to gauge public tenor and concern. When Hillary Clinton’s campaign team teased the announcement of Tim Kaine as her running mate, Wikipedia edits on his page increased significantly, while edits on other potential candidates dropped off. And unlike the announcement of Sarah Palin as John McCain’s VP in 2008, when Palin’s page saw a rise in edits from the same users who were also simultaneously editing McCain’s (possibly linking them to the campaign), the edits to Kaine’s page seemed to come from Wikipedia users genuinely interested in keeping Wikipedia up to date with the current political news. And for those users right now, that news includes Sally Yates as “hero,” Dana Boente as “sock puppet,” and Paul Ryan as, well, a jellyfish.
In his first week in office, Donald Trump wasted no time signing executive actions. On Saturday alone, President Trump signed three from his desk in the Oval Office: A five-year lobbying ban for administration officials, a request for a plan to take down ISIS, and a reorganization of the National Security Council. The moment was, of course, photographed and filmed. A clip which the internet artist behind @TrumpDraws — a newly created Twitter account devoted to, well, Trump drawing — used to turn President Trump into a kindergartner in art class.
The creator of @TrumpDraws, a visual-effects artist in Los Angeles who spoke with Select All under conditions of anonymity, said the gag behind the new account “wrote itself.” “After seeing the countless number of videos of Trump signing these executive orders, I thought ‘why not?,’” @TrumpDraws said. “It’s hard not to take advantage of someone holding up paper, especially our leader of the free world.” In case you’re not familiar, the genre of Famous Person Holding Up Easily Editable Object is something of a internet trope these days. (See here: Donald Trump wielding a sign on the campaign trail only to have it covered in Arthur fist memes and Harambe.)
The account has been around for less than 48 hours, but has already seen massive growth, with @TrumpDraw’s GIFs racking up thousands of retweets and over 12,000 followers. “I posted it on my personal account a couple of times last night and followed a bunch of Trump humor accounts (including @RealDonaldTrump himself),” @TrumpDraws explained. “Went to bed with 10 followers, woke up to 8,000. It’s so crazily beyond what I thought was going to happen.” The most recent tweet features Trump drawing a turkey à la the kind you maybe drew as a child during Thanksgiving season. “I just posted a hand turkey, because … well, you know,” @TrumpDraws said of the newest GIF.
“I think now’s the perfect time for a little humor among all this dire news in the past week,” @TrumpDraws said. “All I hope now is Sean Spicer will put up these tweets in tomorrow’s press conference to say that Trump is a much better draw-er or his hand turkey would actually be much much bigger.”
Hate licking stamps? Can’t get that last bit of ketchup out of the bottle? Or do you just want to be lazy and enjoy your morning coffee while the newspaper pages are turned for you? Joseph Herscher invents over-the-top contraptions to assist with life’s daily tasks … but they aren’t necessarily the most efficient.
This has been quite the month for the invertebrate community. Last week, somebody edited the Wikipedia page for the spineless creatures to include a picture of Paul Ryan among the worms and jellyfish also listed. And today, the Monterey Bay Aquarium in California is livestreaming a feed of its jellyfish on Facebook. “The world is filled with heartless, brainless, and spineless animals — and jellies are some of the best,” MBA explained in the video’s caption. Which … well, we’ll let you interpret what (or who) they’re getting at for yourself.
The stream has been live for more than two hours and frankly it’s possibly the most calming thing on the internet today. Take a few minutes to watch and let the slow undulations of the translucent jellies soothe your restless mind, while they also simultaneously shade the current administration.
It was around the time I fired all of my employees — including my co-founder and people who had been with me since day one — and replaced them all with robots that I realized running my once-scrappy, now-multi-billion-dollar tech company “KORN The Company Not The Band” had taken me to a pretty dark place. But I was deep into playing Francis Tseng’s The Founder, “a dystopian business-simulator.” I had already done plenty I was ashamed of. And getting rid of my human employees just made sense.
The core loop of the game, in the early days, is tremendously fun. You launch products on the market and then play a hex-based tactical game to gain market share. It’s a sort of chess-based approach to winning over consumers to your side, which boosts your overall revenue gained from a product. The number of pieces you can place on the board, how “strong” they are (i.e., how many times they can take a hit from an opponent’s piece), and movement speed are all determined by your core product team. To get better at gaining market share you need better employees, so you head to job fairs or ask recruiters to find you employees with higher skill ratings. It’s the type of side game I could play as just a real game, and my early hours of The Founder were spent mainly battling it out for market share and trying to find anyone with good design or marketing capabilities.
“I lived in the Bay Area around San Francisco, around all the start-up culture, and I felt like there is a lot I wanted to point out about it,” says game creator Francis Tseng. Tseng grew up outside of Philadelphia, studied cognitive neuroscience, worked for a start-up in Beijing, and then IDEO in San Francisco, before settling in as a researcher at New Inc. The aim of the game, he says, was to put people in the self-sustaining systems of a typical tech company, and then let their own pursuit of profit, expansion, and need to please the board lead them down the garden path to Thielian and/or Muskovian levels of megalomania. “Games are usually a good way to put people in the position of having to make decisions on their own,” says Tseng.
In The Founder, you start out as a tiny start-up, working out of your apartment, gradually expanding to a Google-ish-type campus. Tseng says he took a lot of the game’s bright and twee art cues from Google’s offices. “It’s very colorful and childlike,” he says. “But you also have this very childlike perspective on the world.” At first, it’s you, a co-founder, and a couple of low-paid employees. You bring in employees by spouting pablum (e.g., “You’ll have a huge impact on people’s lives”). After that, you aggressively negotiate down their salary until you find a couple of people willing to work for just above minimum wage to get the chance to build products for your company. In my case, it was running a social network and selling a few ads — the best years.
The Founder is the latest game to have player agency work as a form of social commentary. In 2013 game Papers, Please, you play as a faceless bureaucrat in an Eastern Bloc state allowing or denying people entry into the country — which slowly makes you complicit in randomly enforcing random rules in order to keep your family fed. This War of Mine places you in the role of a refugee in something like the siege of Sarajevo, starving and cold and desperate, and can take you to some truly dark places as you struggle to survive. It’s even present in some AAA titles; BioShock is essentially a critique of Ayn Rand’s work, while Spec Ops: The Line is a Heart of Darkness homage that forces players to consider the emotional impact of shooting hundreds of people over the course of a few hours.
“The idea was that gradually, over time, the true face of the game would reveal itself and sort of catch people off guard,” says Tseng. “They’d get to the point where they’re making all these decisions, and at some point, they have a sudden realization: ‘All this stuff I’m doing is really shitty. I don’t even know if I really want to do this game.’”
There’s a reason I enjoyed this early game so much. Tseng meant for it to be the warm bath you ease into before the water starts boiling. “I wanted the game to present itself in a familiar way, with start-up rhetoric and buzzwords,” he says. My first few hours with The Founder were spent questioning whether this was really a “dystopian” simulator. Sure, riding people hard on salary wasn’t great. But otherwise, I was just launching a new version of Facebook, and that was okay, right?
And, realizing where the best return on investment was, my main two products that I relentlessly pushed on to the market were a space weapon known only as “Zeus” and a genetically engineered synthetic soldier dubbed “DNArmy” — far, far away from my humble beginnings as a Facebook ripoff.
As my company expanded, things started to get darker. I wasn’t just paying people the lowest wage possible: I had spent tens of millions of dollars lobbying the government to lower wages, gain DARPA contracts, and give “KORN The Company Not The Band” tax breaks. I had covered up countless sexual-harassment scandals, factory-worker suicides, and some unfortunate breakdowns in biomedical lab protocol. My employees, caught in constant product cycles, were burning out — no matter how many office dogs or in-house therapists I threw at them.
So instead of paying my programmers and designers and MBAs six-digit salaries every year, I just paid $500,000 once for robotic workers that were better, didn’t ask for any annual salary or pay raises, and didn’t suffer from burnout. The choice, like all the others I had made before it, just made sense. But as my robots wandered my campus, utterly indifferent to the in-house gyms and gourmet catering I made for my former human employees, I wondered: Could I have done it differently? Is there an ethical way to play The Founder?
“There are small things you can do to make you less terrible,” says Tseng. “But you ultimately end up in morally compromising positions no matter what. The only way to play ethically is to stop at some point. Like, ‘Okay, I’m big enough and I’m making enough money.’”
I did not reach that state of enlightenment. Producing an AI version of myself consumed everything. The game itself had become a grind. To make the amount of money I needed, I no longer was playing the fun hex-based chess games to win market share, just assigning an employee to play it for me to save time. I had four teams of robots producing endless variations on defense tech, another robot team putting on constant music festivals sponsored by “KORN The Company Not The Band” to boost brand recognition and therefore revenue, and had my international offices stepping in if there was anything that would impact my bottom line. I was mainly clicking “okay” over and over.
Then, finally, I hit my goal and gathered up enough cash to make an AI reproduction of myself. I was living Ray Kurzweil’s dream — I had reached the Singularity. I threw my entire company into researching the tech. It took less than a month. The AI came online.
I was raking in cash — about $90 billion a year — but it wasn’t quite enough. You see, I’d been working on all sorts of special projects: creating a seasteading community where no government “regulations” could protect my workers from their own genius, learning how to clone my best employees, and making myself immortal. (Sadly, that project did not involve harvesting the blood of the young.) But I needed nearly a trillion dollars of on-hand cash to complete my final project: creating an AI in my own image. And one of the biggest drains on my profits? Salaries.
Then the AI version of me promptly fired the human version of me. I was, after all, decaying meat: taking up space, sucking up air and oxygen and food and water and shares and board seats and everything else our inefficient human bodies need. “KORN The Company Not The Band” would do better without me. It just made sense.
Among the political victims of last weekend’s botched executive order banning immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, was, surprisingly, Uber. The popular ride-sharing app found itself facing a wave of backlash for appearing to break a strike at JFK (they were really just going about business as usual), and is now running damage control, as years of frustration with the company culminated in a major campaign under the simple and direct hashtag #DeleteUber. Uber’s archrival, Lyft — which, like Uber, continued to serve JFK during the Taxi Workers’ Alliance stoppage — responded by announcing a million-dollar donation to the ACLU, clearly positioning itself as the virtuous alternative.
BuzzFeed’s Tom Gara writes:
The scrutiny placed on Silicon Valley has in turn led to some tech-sector employees feeling unfairly targeted. New York Times reporter Mike Isaac tweeted over the weekend:
According to Isaac, that’s a minority viewpoint. But it’s not wrong. Silicon Valley leadership is feeling much more pressure to speak out on Trump’s policies than, say, the manufacturing or financial-services sectors.
The Uber backlash is the first consumer-level rebuke of Silicon Valley’s utopian ideals in the Trump era, and if the speed with which it came is any indication, it won’t be the last. During the election campaign, outspoken figures in the tech industry and in tech media had been calling for industry leaders to speak out more clearly about the Republican candidate. (Famed tech investor and New Zealand citizen Peter Thiel, who spoke at the RNC and advises the Trump administration, has been the focal point of many of these calls for tech to speak up.) Since the election itself, the pressure has only increased. BuzzFeed is collecting dozens of public statements from tech companies regarding the immigration ban, which hits particularly close to home given that tech companies rely heavily on international workers being granted visas.
But even if the companies and industry themselves have gone straitlaced and corporate, the radical ethos of the personal-computing and internet revolutions still runs in the veins of many of the engineers and developers whose products make the industry money. Some tech workers might be complaining about the pressure they’re under. But others are applying that pressure. More than 2,800 tech workers signed a pledge last year refusing to cooperate in any potential initiative to compile a database that facilitates ethnic or religious targeting. A hypothetical Facebook engineer who experiments with neural networks or facial-recognition systems — tools that could be used for great acts of malevolence — now works for a CEO that, as of last Friday, somehow still believes Trump will do the right thing when it comes to immigration policy.
Avid tech consumers, too, have, quite literally, bought into the values of Silicon Valley — they purchased products that not only made them more efficient, but also signaled their values. To consume tech rabidly was to envision a utopian world built by coders, where apps afforded everyone a sufficient level of opportunity and comfort. Buying a phone with a great selfie camera wasn’t just a practical choice; it was one that allowed you to forge real human connections by sharing great pics with friends. Getting 10 percent off a new Apple device by recycling your old one was doing real good for the environment.
The rise of the smartphone coincided nicely with the liberal Obama administration, which lavished the tech industry with praise as the future of American industry. We might not make iPhones here, but we can sure as hell design them in Cupertino and write the software that’s put on them. It was easy to be liberal when the government was in your corner. Now, industry watchers and workers, and high-minded consumers, are wondering whether the tech industry’s top CEOs, faced with actual resistance at the highest levels of the federal government to their supposed core values, can walk the walk as well as they talk the talk.
This is both unsurprising and warranted. More than any other industry, Silicon Valley is steeped in a set of political and ideological values — ones we might broadly call hippie libertarianism. The growth of the industry around the Bay Area in the 1970s and 1980s, narrated and given voice by the freaks and weirdos of the Whole Earth Catalog and, later, Wired magazine, meant that the natural radicalism of the tinkerers and experimenters behind the personal-computing revolution was married to a crunchy, anti-corporate philosophy that fit broadly, if not always comfortably, in the American left.
It just so happens that the hippies and beardos ended up creating work that provided the foundation for an industry worth hundreds of billions of dollars. Hippie-dippie Whole Earth-ers, with their “stay hungry, stay foolish” mantra, laid the foundation for Silicon Valley, but to borrow a tech phrase, it doesn’t scale — especially for gargantuan, publicly traded companies and regulatory targets like Facebook and Google. The latter famously used the motto “don’t be evil” until market conditions required them to … be “evil.” The Whole Earth Catalog was, after all, an actual catalogue.
Donald Trump has been president for nearly two weeks now, but it seems nobody has bothered to stop and teach him about what happens when famous people hold up signs … or in his case, a never-ending string of executive orders, proclamations, and presidential memoranda. A celebrity holding up an easily edited object is like catnip for anybody with Photoshop, so each time Trump slaps his John Hancock on a document and poses with it for a photo he’s pretty much asking to become an internet gag.
Step One: Head here. You’ll see the picture of Trump, with instructions on how to use the generator. This is where you’ll type your text.
Now, thanks to some coding from Isaac Hepworth, a product manager at Google, it’s easy for you to force Donald Trump — at least in photo form — to sign any executive order you’d like. Here’s how to make your own.
Step Two: Follow the directions and do your worst: “Click me. Edit me. Make me horrifying.” Be sure to delete the pre-typed instructions so they won’t be in your finished product.
Step Three: Adjust the font size. To do this, type a single apostrophe and a < if you want to make the font smaller or a single apostrophe and a > to make it larger. Once you’ve found your optimal size, your can delete the errant apostrophes.
Step Four: Screenshot and share with your pals on your social platform of choice.
It was also spotted by Twitter user Philip Chang.
The feature is currently only being tested on Android, and Instagram declined to comment to the Verge on if, or more likely when, the feature will become more widely available.
For a while now, advertisers on Instagram have had the ability to load multiple images into a carousel that users can swipe through horizontally. Now it appears that the feature will be coming to individual users sometime in the foreseeable future.
Droid Life reports that the feature is being tested on Android. They write:
Club Penguin’s kid-friendly aesthetic has often lent itself to surreal shenanigans, like in November, when one server hosted a brief protest against then-President-elect Donald Trump.
Earlier this week, the mostly adolescent user base of cartoon social network Club Penguin was stunned to find out that the online service would shut down its current incarnation, as a desktop web app, and transition to mobile devices. It will go offline at the end of March. Club Penguin, which is owned by Disney, is among the most-well-known social networks for young adults: Everyone is a penguin, and you walk around a virtual town chatting with people, typing messages, and participating in activities like dance parties and games.
Iceberg tipping has been a rumor practically since Club Penguin launched in 2005, according to @pingu15cool. “I started playing Club Penguin since January 2008 and through out the years every time I have been on a busy server, there has always been a large group of penguins at the Iceberg trying to tip it,” @pingu15cool told me. “Most Penguins will be wearing a yellow hard hat drilling and some other penguins might be dancing. No one stood still or we all believed it wouldn’t tip otherwise. So everyone who has been on Club Penguin knows about tipping the Iceberg.”
So, it’s weird. Anyway, one location on every server is the Iceberg, which is exactly what it sounds like — an iceberg, that hosts a huge penguin dance party. For years, there have been rumors that if enough penguins were on the iceberg, it would flip over. The game even hinted at this, according to the unofficial Club Penguin wiki, by displaying a painting of a tipped iceberg in another of the game’s locations. Even Know Your Meme has a rejected entry on the rumor, created six years ago and last updated five years ago. The official Club Penguin account referenced the quixotic effort last September.
But it never happened … until yesterday. With the announcement that Club Penguin would be shutting down in order to shift to mobile, the game makers decided to host one last party, a community-wide sendoff known as the Waddle On Party. In the comments of the blog post announcing the shutdown and farewell, community manager Megg hinted at a secret.
The kids of Club Penguin have been trying to tip the iceberg for more than a decade. There are tons of videos and comment sections discussing the theory. Also at stake was the possibility of an in-game reward. What riches would a tipped iceberg bestow upon the community?
“The Club Penguin team decided for the final party to program and code the Iceberg so it can finally tip!” @pingu15cool explained. “So some of the theories are actually correct about penguins drilling or dancing at a certain place to actually tip the Iceberg. It does take a few minutes now at the party to actually tip it. CP staff haven’t made it easy.”
According to the newly updated Iceberg entry on the CP wiki:
With a decadelong mystery put to rest, Club Penguin players can finally move on … to Club Penguin Islands, launching later this year.
You can watch it happen here.
Update 2/1/17: Ollie was located on Smithsonian National Zoo property and has been safely returned to her habitat. Let’s all give a warm “welcome home” to the big cat!
The other night at my local gym, by the water fountain, I witnessed a woman attempting to explain “cash me outside” to another woman. (Yes, yes, this is in complete violation of meme rule number one: Never attempt to explain a meme IRL.) She attempted several sentences about a “hilarious teen,” but ultimately the best she could come up with was “just Google ‘Dr. Phil Cash Me Outside,’ it’s so funny.” Which, actually, wasn’t terrible advice. Google searches for the meme — in variant spellings — have seen a spike in recent weeks. And really, how does one explain the beauty that is “cash me outside.”
Next week, the Senate will vote on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. The way the numbers currently play out, Trump’s pick for Secretary of Education is in a precarious position: If just two more Republican senators (no Democrat is expected to vote in favor of DeVos) flip their votes, she won’t have the numbers necessary to be appointed. This means Republican senators from states like Ohio, Nevada, North Carolina, Arizona, and Pennsylvania are of particular importance. So much so that one woman, Katherine Fritz, launched a GoFundMe campaign hoping to raise more than $55,800 to “buy” Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey’s vote.
The goal number of $55,800 isn’t arbitrary, Fritz, a Philadelphia-based writer, teacher, and costume designer, told Select All. It amounts to roughly the same amount of dollars Toomey received from DeVos in campaign contributions. “I watched all three hours of the Betsy DeVos hearings, and I was appalled that I could answer some of the basic education policy questions that seemingly stumped her,” Fritz said. “I mean, I’m an adjunct faculty member at a community college, not an expert in education reform, and it was shocking to me that her answers about how to regulate and oversee charter schools didn’t seem to have any concrete proposals, or that she couldn’t distinguish between growth and proficiency.”
Despite phone calls and faxes from herself and “every educator” she knows, Fritz said she was saddened to see Senator Toomey still looking like he was going to vote in favor of DeVos. “It seems like such blatant display of money taking precedent over common sense,” she said. “The thought, ‘If I had $55K, I would buy his vote, too,’ crossed my mind. Ten minutes later, I started a GoFundMe.”
The crowdfunding campaign, which Fritz launched on Wednesday night, has been live for less than 24 hours and has already raised over $7,000 and counting. “I don’t think I can actually give it to Senator Toomey under the condition that he vote ‘No’ for DeVos; technically, that might constitute a bribe, and I’m not interested in breaking a federal law,” Fritz said. “I think the goal is just to raise awareness that the way that Betsy DeVos’s money can reach the senator is perfectly legal, despite it seeming like such a blatant conflict of interest.” Instead, Fritz says the money raised will be split among three charities — a girls’ leadership camp in Philadelphia, the Children’s Literacy Initiative, and the Pennsylvania Arts Education Network — that can put it to good use. “If a dumb internet joke can give some money to any of these causes, what an excellent way to spend a Wednesday evening,” Fritz said.
The r/altright and r/alternativeright forums are now inaccessible, “due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the proliferation of personal and confidential information,” the pages now read. In other words, someone got, or was about to get, doxxed — to have their personal information, like phone number, home address, or real name published. Violations of privacy are probably the biggest sin one can commit on Reddit, and the one type of speech moderators can be assured a large majority of Reddit users will not tolerate.
After months of controversy, Reddit has banned two popular subreddits frequented by members of the alt-right, the online sect of Trump followers mostly known for tweeting pictures of a cartoon frog dressed as Joseph Goebbels.
A high-ranking Reddit moderator told Gizmodo that r/altright users “were encouraging users to go to some kind of ‘bounty’ site, where users collaborate to attempt to gather personal information on targets” — possibly alt-right persona Chuck Johnson’s WeSearchr platform. Users on Voat, a popular Reddit clone for the anti-PC crowd, believe the most recent doxxing to be related to the man who punched prominent Nazi Richard Spencer in the face, on Inauguration Day.
It’s not quite that there’s no place for the right wing on Reddit. Left intact is r/the_donald, the primary gathering place for Donald Trump stans. That forum’s relationship with Reddit is tense — not only is the subreddit ideologically opposed to its corporate hosts (the company has come out against Trump’s immigration ban), but it’s engaged in public battles with Reddit administrators over the subreddit’s aggressive promotion of links, artificially surfacing r/the_donald to Reddit’s master link page, r/all. No doubt Reddit’s management is still watching the forum closely.
Researchers at Virginia Tech are using them to study potential injuries from drone collisions, in hopes that the research can inform better drone-safety regulations.
A new Voat alt-right forum, v/altright, has already sprung up. As of now it has just over 500 subscribers. In a thread welcoming “refugees from Reddit” (irony unacknowledged), user PenetratorHammer wrote, “What a coincidence, that right after [Ohanian] virtue signal-vomited some shit about immigrants, and the resulting deluge of comments about how /r/altright ought to be banned, it was. I can’t wait till that liberal bukakke fest drowns in its own AIDS-ridden cum.”
“I just can’t fuckkng [sic] believe it,” Controlaltleft wrote. “I fucking hate Jews now.” Shocking that Reddit decided against letting this vibrant community grow.
Calls for large platforms like Reddit and Twitter, where the meme-happy far right has spawned and evolved, to clean up their acts have been growing in the wake of the presidential election. Twitter recently culled some prominent alt-right users — many were later reinstated — and now it appears that Reddit is looking to do the same. The question of an alt-right ban on public forums is now mainly a question of when, not if.
Back in September 2016, 13-year-old Danielle Peskowitz Bregoli and her mother appeared on Dr. Phil to discuss the teen’s “out-of-control” behavior. If you’re a regular viewer of The Dr. Phil Show, the two women’s segment was nothing out of the ordinary. One teen with attitude and a mouth to match + one anxious mother = some solid television (it always does). “I Want To Give Up My Car-Stealing, Knife-Wielding, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried To Frame Me For A Crime,” proclaims the The Dr. Phil Show website entry about them. Are you hooked? I am.
Since then, the clip and phrase have taken on a second life as a meme. Which seems perfectly reasonable, since “cash me outside, howbow dah” is the perfect retort for just about any situation. The phrase has been applied to everything from tweets to image macros and even inspired Bitmoji to roll out a pictograph inspired by the meme.
The segment likely would have faded into daytime-television obscurity had it not been for one perfect moment. “All these hos laughin’ like there’s something funny,” Bregoli says, gesturing to the audience. “Did you say,” Dr. Phil responds, judiciously pausing and moving his hands as though attempting to sort through Bregoli’s meaning, “the hos are laughing?” The audience begins to applaud. At which point Bregoli unleashes the line that would soon make her an internet star: “Cash me outside, howbow dah?”
Artist @LushSux — the same person who turned a Taylor Swift “memorial” into a Harambe/SpongeBob mural — painted Danielle’s meme-spirational likeness on a wall. “Cash me outside on a wahl, how bow dah?” And a church in Georgia decided to transform their marquee in homage to the meme in the hopes of attracting millennials. “Cash God inside, howbow dah?”
Of course, the sudden popularity of the meme has also thrust the teen who started it all back into the spotlight. Earlier this week, a story claimed that Peskowitz Bregoli had committed suicide after she was bullied by classmates for her appearance on the show. The story was later debunked by Snopes, which notes it ran on fake news site “NBC-News.net” which, unsurprisingly, isn’t related to the real NBC. Peskowitz Bregoli is alive and well and keeping her fans updated via Facebook, where just yesterday she streamed a live video consisting largely of her counting dollar bills to the camera for nearly an hour. It has since been viewed over 45,000 times. “CASH ME LIVE!” Well … how bow dah.
As her mother explains, noting her daughter’s accent was acquired on “the streets,” “cash me outside” “means she’ll go outside and do what she has to do.” How ’bout that.
Facebook can’t win everything. On the same day that the company announced another quarter of eye-dropping earnings, a jury in Texas awarded $500 million to ZeniMax, a video-game studio suing Facebook and its virtual-reality subsidiary Oculus, over allegations that Oculus founder Palmer Luckey and chief technology officer John Carmack had stolen and used proprietary ZeniMax technology for Oculus’s VR headset.
But while $500 million is no small amount, it’s a significant reduction from the $4 billion ZeniMax, the company behind popular franchises like The Elder Scrolls and Fallout, was initially seeking — largely because the jury didn’t buy the central contention that Oculus had stolen trade secrets from ZeniMax.
So what was that $500 million for? It helps to understand what the suit itself was about. Luckey (the story goes) developed his first prototype headset in 2011, and launched a Kickstarter to build a line of developer kits the following year. The 41-year-old Carmack, a legendary game designer who’d met and collaborated with Luckey online, became the company’s CTO in 2013; the next year, Facebook bought Oculus for $2 billion.
Ultimately the case was most notable not because of the judgment itself — which isn’t large enough to cripple Facebook, which is appealing anyway — but because of the involvement of Mark Zuckerberg, who testified in the case for five hours (in a suit!), claiming not without reason that ZeniMax was making a predictable cash grab after failing to take advantage of Oculus’s early potential. (And it was hard for reporters to resist following an appearance from Palmer Luckey, who hadn’t been seen in public since it was revealed that he was funding right-wing trolls through the Nimble America PAC.) The window provided by the trial into the workings of one of the planet’s largest companies was similarly fascinating: Transcripts of messages from Zuckerberg showed that the Oculus–Facebook deal was put together and signed over the course of a weekend. The apparent lack of due diligence in resolving outstanding legal obligations — and, to be clear, NDAs like the one Luckey signed are standard among secretive technology companies — has come back to bite Facebook.
Before joining Oculus, Carmack had been working at ZeniMax, which had acquired his studio, id Software. In departing ZeniMax, he took with him a cache of emails and software files related to VR development — an action that he admitted to in testimony. While at ZeniMax, he also showed some of his work to Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey, who was required to sign a nondisclosure agreement in order to see the work.
“The heart of this case was about whether Oculus stole ZeniMax’s trade secrets, and the jury found decisively in our favor,” Oculus said in a statement to Ars Technica. “We’re obviously disappointed by a few other aspects of today’s verdict, but we are undeterred.” Facebook has vowed to appeal. There is also the possibility that ZeniMax could halt the sale of Rift headsets with an injunction, imposing another bottleneck through which the nascent VR industry must pass.
In its lawsuit, ZeniMax alleged that the Oculus platform was essentially built on work owned by ZeniMax — “copyrighted computer code and technical know-how” developed by the company and therefore belonging to it. This central charge was rejected by the jury, which accepted Facebook’s version of events. But the defendants were found culpable on specific, lesser charges. The $500 million award is broken into a few sections. Oculus owes $200 million for violating the NDA, and $50 million for copyright infringement. Oculus and Lucky each owe $50 million for “false designation of origin” (that is, misrepresentation), and Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe owes $150 million for the same charge.
Travis Kalanick has resigned from his position on Donald Trump’s business advisory board, Recode’s Kara Swisher reports. In an internal email sent to Uber staff earlier today, Kalanick wrote, “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.”
Uber faced a backlash last weekend after users interpreted the company’s operation in the vicinity of immigration protests at JFK airport as akin to scabbing. That interpretation of events led to a concentrated #deleteUber campaign which saw users closing their accounts in record numbers and switching to rideshare competitors. Kalanick’s ties to the Trump administration only served to further motivate users to delete their accounts.
Kalanick rejected the implicit assumption that his role on the advisory board constituted an ideological agreement with the Trump administration. “The executive order is hurting many people,” he wrote, later adding that “Immigration and openness are an important part of our country’s success and quite honestly to Uber’s.” The company committed millions last weekend to compensating drivers stuck overseas.
Among the most familiar myths (or, maybe, hopes) of Silicon Valley are that the tech industry is highly competitive and constantly in flux, that anyone can compete, and that the next great disrupting company is being created right now: Today’s Facebook is tomorrow’s MySpace, and tomorrow’s Facebook is going to be made by a few kids operating out of a garage.
One eye-popping figure: Snap lost $514.6 million last year. Its cost of revenue (that is, how much it costs to make money) is higher than its actual revenue — not unusual for start-ups, but unusual for public companies. But it’s not just that Snap is burning money; it’s that Snap is burning money to compete with highly profitable, significantly larger companies such as Facebook, which has more than ten times as many daily users (and can make real money off of them, to boot). Compounding Snap’s problem is that it’s currently heavily dependent on companies it may someday want to compete with: Google and Apple, to name the two most obvious. If there’s one thing that the IPO lays bare, it’s how difficult it can be to build a technology platform independent of … larger technology platforms.
One of the main risks for Snap presented to investors is that “Snapchat depends on effectively operating with mobile operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, and standards that we do not control. Changes in our products or to those operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, or standards may seriously harm our user growth, retention, and engagement.”
If you want to build a popular app nowadays, you need to be able to play nice with Google and Apple, even as they notice your products and ape their best features. Facebook and Twitter have desktop websites that they have complete control over, and which were the preferred way to access the platform for a time; they also have sufficient market penetration to assure some degree of leverage with the companies they might depend on. Snapchat is and has always been entirely mobile — making it much more perilous for them to cross mobile platform holders.
Just as dangerous for Snapchat is that the big companies it’s directly competing with — Facebook and its subsidiary Instagram — are biting many of Snapchat’s features, like the video-diary “Stories,” leveraging their already enormous audiences to eliminate Snapchat’s feature advantage. (Instagram’s self-professed Stories clone gets a single-sentence acknowedgment in the filing.) Snapchat naturally declines to attribute its slowdown in user acquisition in the latter of half of 2016 to the simultaneous introduction of Instagram Stories — but if the reason is technical hiccups with its mobile apps, as they claim, it just reflects their dependence on Apple and Google.
Snapchat is hosted on Google’s Cloud Platform, and on Monday, according to the S-1, Snap entered into “an initial term of five years and we are required to purchase at least $400.0 million of cloud services in each year of the agreement.” Put simply, Snap is paying Google, a larger tech company, $400 million a year until 2022. If they want to shift away from Google, they can go to … Amazon?
No wonder, then, that Snap does its best to come across as a nimble, almost scrappy enterprise, quick to pivot and try new, weird things like Spectacles, the camera-adorned sunglasses that you can expect to see available much more widely in the coming year. Spectacles, of course, can be bought and used independent of Google and Apple; they offer an experience that Facebook doesn’t have. Is that enough to make Snap really competitive with the lumbering giants of Silicon Valley? Investors — and consumers — are going to have to hope so.
From the filing:
Of course, anyone really paying attention to the tech industry can tell you how silly this image is. If you need any proof, take a look at today’s SEC filing from Snap, Inc. (which you may know as Snapchat), composed in preparation for its initial public offering.
Musk’s hope that President Trump will listen to him (in order to eventually get more people into space) is not entirely unfounded — if the last few weeks have shown us anything, it’s that the president has a tendency to say whatever he was told by the last person he spoke with. But it’s unlikely that this business-advisory panel will ever occupy that slot (unless Musk can implant a device in Trump’s ear that allows him to whisper advice before any major decisions are made) and it seems more likely that the meetings will serve as a useful prop for an administration keen on seeming business-friendly.
Shortly after news broke yesterday that Travis Kalanick was stepping down from a board of business advisers communing with the Trump administration, Tesla and SpaceX owner Elon Musk released a public statement defending his participation. The group will meet with administration officials for the first time today.
That Musk felt the need to defend his position on the board at all also speaks to the immense pressure that businesses with any ties to Trump are now under. Tesla and SpaceX don’t rely on the same types of users that Uber has (unless you count “rich dudes” and “NASA” as users), and even Musk feels the need to protect his brands from Trump.
The statement reads:
Please, we need to free this dog. This good boy needs our help to escape the wood prison. A heartless wizard heard him bark and trapped him in the wood. If you are a witch, warlock, or magic-adjacent, please tell us what spells, chants, hand movements, and/or ointments we can use to get this sweet, sweet pup out of there. I don’t know what this pup did to deserve such a fate, but I can tell you with certainty that the punishment is unwarranted — dogs should be in the real world and they should not be exiled forever to the Tree Dimension. Please help. Thank you.
While Donald Trump has been breaking up his bouts of intense tweeting by issuing executive orders that throw the country into chaos, the rest of us have been looking for brief respites of humor. Earlier this week, a hero coder created a tool for generating photos of Trump holding any executive order that users could imagine. Now there’s a GIF option.
For instance:
Thank you.
Donald, no!
The code is on Github if you want to poke around under the hood.
On IsNowIllegal.com, you can type whatever it is that should be illegal into the text box, and it will magically become the law of the land. (If you’re a grammar Nazi — I’m sorry, alt-grammarian — you should know that the tool only supports singular nouns.) You’ve only got ten characters, so make it count.
While defending Donald Trump’s immigration and refugee ban on MSNBC, Kellyanne Conway described two Iraqi refugees as masterminds behind the “Bowling Green Massacre.” Except that it never happened. But that didn’t stop Twitter for holding a memorial in honor of its nonexistent victims.
The “Jollylook” is modeled after vintage analog cameras, and made from less cardboard than the packaging of normal digital cameras. It’s also crushing its Kickstarter goals.
It is very, very easy to make fun of President Donald Trump. He often comes across as a loudmouthed boor, a lech, a liar, a braggart. Since his inauguration, his behavior has, if anything, grown more erratic and bizarre. As a general rule, most presidents are able to pull off a standard getting-to-know-ya call with the Australian prime minister without sparking a minor diplomatic crisis. Not so Trump, who abruptly ended a conversation with Malcolm Turnbull earlier this week.
It’s no surprise, then, that much of the parodying and satirizing of Trump has taken the form of exaggeration of his worst or most salient qualities, turning him into even more of a petty and bombastic fool than many people believe he is. On Saturday Night Live, Alec Baldwin simply makes Trump even Trumpier, a rendition that has proven both popular and, if Trump’s tweets are any indication, very aggravating to the president himself. Then there’s “President Sassy,” a video series by the British actor and voice artist Peter Serafinowicz, which transforms Trump from a blustering uber-masculine authoritarian into, well, an extremely sassy and whiny gay guy:
Other comics take a bit of a more zoomed-out approach in which they simply lean into the senses of doom and surreality permeating our present political moment. The video editor Vic Berger IV is one exemplar of this approach, and has been executing it quite successfully since the prime of the 2016 campaign:
The account is run by a “50ish” guy in the Midwest who doesn’t want his identity revealed, and who has adopted the moniker “Barry” since, as he explained in a DM interview, people on Twitter keep saying they think Barack Obama is secretly running the account. A “professional communicator and keynote speaker” who said he focuses on “issues around the need for kindness, living a full life, etc.” Barry explained that he was inspired to start the account after Trump went after the cast of Hamilton for criticizing him at the end of their performance on a night when Mike Pence, who was in attendance, got booed by many of his fellow theater-goers. “It felt like an assault in 1st Amendment rights, and an inappropriate punch to the stomach,” he explained. “I felt I needed to do something cathartic that gave me some control. My sister-in-law and first follower said she thought this would resonate with a lot of people. Turns out she was right!” The account has in fact been quite successful so far, racking up more than 116,000 followers since its launch.
“Antidote” might be too strong a word, but there is a potency — and poignancy — to Barry’s tweets that other forms of mockery don’t provide. They emphasize the extent to which, as countless outraged observers have pointed out online, this is not normal. It is not normal for a president to brag about himself in front of the CIA’s memorial wall to foreign officers and subsequently describe his appearance as a “WIN!”:
And it definitely isn’t normal for a president to aggressively undermine protesters who have turned out in record numbers to stand up to his agenda.
Barry believes there is an important distinction between his work and that of other online personalities seeking to skewer the president. “I think my approach works because I’m not sardonic or biting, instead simply providing a primer for a better way of being statesmanlike, something a lot of Americans want and expect from their President,” he explained. “So my approach appeals to both sides of the aisle. Anger is hard to sustain, and humor can be shrugged off as just that. So what was once a selfish therapeutic activity became an antidote for a lot of people.”
Presidential Trump has the effect of whiplashing the reader back to a temporarily banished reality where presidents act presidential, and by dint of its aggressive normalcy and oh-so-politic niceness, it’s much more jarring and visceral than the 150th joke about Trump’s hands or demeanor (as entertaining and cathartic as those jokes can be). To read it is to get smacked upside the head by the asininity of the year 2017, over and over and over.
Despite the fact that it would give him less material to work with, Barry said he hopes Trump tweets less, given how dangerous his habit could be. “When a tweet can cause death threats, tank the valuation of a company or cause a int’l kerfuffle with China, it’s time to pause,” he said. “Trump needs someone to stand between him and the send button. And to understand that 140 characters is not nearly enough to provide context on any issue.”
For now, though, Trump shows no sign of slowing down — in just his tweets from this morning, Trump threatened Iran, criticized Arnold Schwarzenegger (whom he’s in a spat with, because of course he is), and complained about the “fake news” that revealed his tense call with Turnbull (there’s no sign anything that was reported about it was inaccurate) — and Barry has some ambitious hopes for the presidential persona he has developed. “I’ll keep doing this because we can’t allow Trump’s tone to be normalized,” he explained. “I have a plan to expand this beyond 140 characters, which I hope to reveal soon. It will help people cope, resist when needed and more effectively return to civil discourse.” Barry pointed out that he went to college with Brad Pitt and Sheryl Crow, and is the least famous of the three. “For now…,” he added.
Nor is it normal for a president to whine repeatedly about SNL impressions of him:
These are very entertaining, cleverly done sendups of President Trump. But for my money, the most brilliant take on Trump produced so far is Presidential Trump, or @MatureTrumpTwts, and it cuts in exactly the opposite direction. Rather than stretch and twist Trump’s already cartoonlike persona, Presidential Trump envisions a world in which he is simply a normal, respectable, not-crazy president. It’s a bit like those accounts that envision someone else won the presidency, like @IfHillaryHad, but instead of imagining we have a different president, Presidential Trump imagines that the president is different.
The format is simple: Presidential Trump simply quote-retweets Trump’s tweets and envisions how they would read if Trump were any other president.
Maybe the biggest surprise of this week’s widespread #DeleteUber campaign was that it worked at all. For a company notable for its willingness to ignore external pressure — whether in the form of criticism or, like, actual laws — Uber spent most of the week on the back foot, reeling from the force of a sustained social-media campaign encouraging people to delete their Uber accounts. It took out ads on Twitter and Instagram (targeted at people who’d “liked” the ACLU), trumpeted its financial assistance to drivers stuck overseas following last Friday’s sudden, shocking executive order, and, finally, yesterday, announced that CEO Travis Kalanick would resign from his position on a panel advising President Trump. Kalanick, a hardheaded objectivist, had acquiesced to the demands of his employees and customers. The number of riders who deleted accounts? According to the New York Times, a mere 200,000 of the business’s 40 million global riders.
Uber faced pressure both internally and externally. It wasn’t just customers complaining about Kalanick’s relationship with Trump, or Uber’s missteps around the protests at JFK over the weekend. At a Tuesday meeting, the Times reported, two employees asked Kalanick, “What would it take for you to quit the economic council?” Just as dangerously for the company, its drivers — many of them immigrants, many from the countries targeted by Trump’s draconian executive order — were frustrated. (Kalanick mentioned “what I heard from drivers” in his email announcing his resignation from the Trump panel.)
So how did it work? And is it replicable? The bad news for activists is that Uber was uniquely vulnerable to a campaign like this one. But being aware of the structural reasons that Uber was susceptible to pressure can help future protesters figure out how to drive a wedge between President Trump and the business community he’s eager to align himself with.
Building a business as a “platform” with few real employees, reliant on software rather than physical infrastructure — Uber doesn’t own any of its cars — has many benefits. But it also has an enormous weakness: You’re only as good as your network. If that network is threatened, by a significant number of riders and drivers leaving it for a competitor with a nearly identical app, route-mapping software, and prices, you have nothing to fall back on — no assets, no investments, and no way to get back.
Uber already had problems. Exacerbating Uber’s internal-pressure problem was its already-fraught relationship with its drivers. Many of those who drive for Uber do so reluctantly, acquiescing to the biggest ride-share game in town. Even as Uber decreased wages for drivers and resisted classifying full-time drivers as employees, they stuck with it. The “gig-economy” apps that make up the rising generation of Silicon Valley superstars rely on armies of often ill-paid workers who likely already have grievances against their contractors. Why would they defend or stick with a company that doesn’t give them benefits and obligates some to sleep in 7-Eleven parking lots?
Uber exists in a strong competitive environment. One of the perils of refusing to regard your drivers as employees is that it cultivates their willingness to simultaneously work for a competitor. Uber was vulnerable because those peeved drivers could seamlessly switch to any one of a host of other ride-sharing apps. Even worse for Uber, so could riders. Lyft, Gett, Juno, Arro, Way2Go, and, I assume, 400 other apps were ready to step in when Uber users and drivers got fed up.
Uber collects money directly from its users. Maybe above all else, Uber is a relatively rare start-up that collects revenue directly from its users, rather than from advertisers looking to purchase the attention of those users. Any company that relies on money taken directly from users — like Uber — gives those users power to influence a tech company.
These overlapping vulnerabilities — combined with the urgency and outrage that come with a pressing political crisis — put Uber in a particularly tough spot. For activists, the next step is figuring out whether other companies can be put in a similarly tough spot. For the hell of it, let’s imagine how one might take on Facebook or Google to try and force their hand.
To start with, Facebook is free for most users, so it’s hard to boycott them in the sense of denying them direct revenue. This is the case with most start-ups — their real clients are advertisers. Demanding advertisers pull campaigns could do … something, but the structure of the business at sites like Google and Facebook means that their revenue is distributed across millions of different clients, who buy ads in relatively small amounts. Killing one big whale will not stop the other tiny fish.
Just as discouragingly, if you (or advertisers!) wanted to leave Facebook — where would you go? Unlike with Uber, there isn’t a clear, immediate competitor offering an identical service with no cost of switching. No other social network has the same collection of friend groups; no other site lets you know about low-key social events you might attend; no other network lets you stalk crushes as comprehensively.
But there’s good news: There is internal dissent. Google campuses across the globe had rallies in protest of the immigration order (and co-founder Sergey Brin was at SFO on Saturday), and Facebook has reportedly seen protests — but it’s unclear what change any of this has spurred at a corporate level. Zuckerberg even reportedly speaks very candidly at his all-hands meetings, and few of those details ever leak out.
If you wanted to leave Google, you’d have to find alternative services for email, video hosting (YouTube remains unmatched in terms of ubiquity), document collaboration, and other productivity tools. And convincing your workplace to migrate off of Google’s enterprise products is a monthlong technical task without guarantee of a payoff.
This is not to say that the rest of the tech world is immune to protest — it’s not. Their brand is heavily reliant on a perpetual utopian sheen. But Uber was uniquely vulnerable, and the tactics that put it in peril won’t work elsewhere. Protesters are going to have to get creative.
Ajit Pai’s FCC is, like the rest of the Trump Train, off to a rollicking and hypocritical start, if two big news items this week are anything to go by. On Tuesday, Pai introduced an initiative to identify areas desperately in need of broadband deployment (good!) and today, the Washington Post reports that the FCC has blocked nine companies from participating in a federal program that subsidizes broadband service for low-income households (bad!).
This would be run-of-the-mill conservative government shrinkage if not for Pai’s Tuesday announcement, which supports increased broadband access in a way more friendly to the private sector. The new Broadband Deployment Advisory Committee will identify regulations impeding the spread of broadband internet. According to the Daily Dot, Pai supports “tax incentives for companies to build high-speed internet networks in rural and impoverished regions of the country.” At the same time, he has opposed allowing municipal ISPs run by local governments.
We’ll begin with the latter, which concerns the government’s Lifeline program. That program provides registered households with a $9.25 credit each month, which can be used to pay for landline or mobile phone service. Last year, the FCC expanded the program to include broadband. Nine ISPs were blocked from participating in the program, including one operating in more than 40 states to provide broadband access to school districts.
Looking at this broadly, Pai (a former Verizon lawyer) seems to support the expansion of broadband only in the case that private, monopolistic ISPs are allowed to build infrastructure and overcharge users for subpar service. The thought of any public programs seeking to increase internet access, which is practically on par with phone service in terms of necessity, is somehow beyond the pale. Broadband access is good, but only if it helps the right corporations.
“These last-minute actions, which did not enjoy the support of the majority of commissioners at the time they were taken, should not bind us going forward,” Pai said of the programs expansion, per the Post’s report. Lifeline is known among conservative media outlets as the Obamaphone program. Part of the fear is that the program’s subsidies could be misused or abused, a concern that is mostly unfounded.
On Saturday evening, New Yorker Gregory Locke boarded a 1 train headed toward 72nd Street where, he says, he and his fellow riders found “a swastika on every advertisement and every window.” Locke took several photos of the scene — including one of a subway map with “Jews belong in the oven” scrawled over it — and posted them on Facebook, where they have already been shared more than 200,000 times in just over 12 hours.
While the anti-Semitic vandalism is unconscionable in its own right, the thing that seems to be drawing people to Locke’s post is the way the riders on the train reacted once seeing the swastikas. At first, Locke says the train was “silent,” but that people around him quickly sprang into action. “One guy got up and said, ‘Hand sanitizer gets rid of Sharpie. We need alcohol.’ He found some tissues and got to work,” Locke wrote in his post. “I’ve never seen so many people simultaneously reach into their bags and pockets looking for tissues and Purel. Within about two minutes, all the Nazi symbolism was gone.” Select All has reached out to Locke for more details on the alleged incident and will update this post if we hear back.
Locke’s Facebook post even gained Chelsea Clinton’s attention. Clinton tweeted a screenshot of the post early on Sunday morning.
New Yorkers: united in cleanliness and the fight against hate.
Last night, the Atlanta Falcons faced off against the New England Patriots in the 51st Super Bowl. There was singing. There was athleticism. There were drones. In case you missed the game — and the subsequent overtime — here’s everything that happened summed up neatly in some fun-to-read tweets.
First up, the original Schuyler Sisters from Hamilton took the field to perform a rendition of “America the Beautiful.” They managed to fit in both the words “brotherhood” and “sisterhood” in the final lyric which traditionally only contains “brotherhood.” Which was cute, but — spoiler alert — didn’t thrill some folks. (Namely the kind who like to rail against nonissues on the internet.)
Luke Bryan sang the world’s slowest rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Though still not slow enough to run over the Vegas prop bet time of 127.5 seconds, so bad news if you bet the country singer would run over.
And then the game began.
As usual, commercial breaks were often more important than the game itself. There was a BSDM/Fifty Shades of Grey–inspired ad from Verizon.
At the half, the Falcons were ahead and a camera caught a glimpse of Tom Brady looking particularly dejected sitting on a bench. And thus, for a brief moment, a new meme was born: Sad Tom Brady. (He wouldn’t be sad by the evening’s end, so this meme is already dead.)
Lady Gaga performed the halftime show, leaping into the arena suspended by cables and possibly some magic. While there was no Left Shark moment, her performance was solid, highly GIF-able, and prominently featured several drones.
Then the game started up again, the Patriots managed a heck of a second-half comeback, and the world was introduced to sexy Mr. Clean, to mixed results.
And … something about oil.
Justin Bieber donned a suit and glasses for a T-Mobile ad and wound up looking like that creepy old dude from Six Flags ads of yore.
The game went into overtime — a first in Super Bowl history — and culminated in a Patriots win. Congrats to the Patriots, Tom Brady, and Gisele Bündchen’s iPhone which she managed not to shatter despite dropping it while Snapchatting like an excited teen after the Pats won.
And now, back to the real world.
The technology industry’s growing identity crisis — capitalist efforts ostensibly in support of broader utopian gains — has culminated in yet another sign of slight resistance to the Trump presidency. Yesterday, dozens of technology companies (and yogurt maker Chobani) filed an amicus brief asking the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to deny the administration’s appeal. On Friday night, a federal judge stayed the order after the state of Washington filed suit.
The 97 signatories offer lines of argument on legal, moral, and practical grounds; ones which should not surprise anyone who has followed the controversy over the last week and a half. The order is unconstitutional, they argue, because it discriminates on the basis of national origin.
Most likely to land with the Trump administration, however, is the corporate argument — that the ban harms companies by stalling innovation and makes companies less likely to conduct business in and with America. “The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world’s best employees,” they write. “It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies’ ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States.” Last week, Trump announced his intent to roll back the Dodd-Frank regulations because his “friends” couldn’t conduct business efficiently.
The order, they further argue, goes against America’s longstanding cultural principles as a so-called nation of immigrants. “The experience and energy of people who come to our country to seek a better life for themselves and their children — to pursue the ‘American Dream’ — are woven throughout the social, political, and economic fabric of the Nation.”
Among the signatories are a few interesting inclusions. Uber is on it, no doubt spurred by the thrashing the company received last week over CEO Travis Kalanick’s ties to the Trump campaign. Also included are Facebook, which counts Trump unofficial adviser Peter Thiel among its board members, and PayPal, which Thiel helped co-found. Y Combinator, an incubator that counts Thiel among its collaborators, is a signatory as well.
The amicus brief is, in other words, the robust, legal-document version of those hackneyed tweets of Steve Jobs captioned “the son of a Syrian immigrant” (which are, to keep this ouroboros of smugness going, based on a work by Banksy).
Amazon, one of the largest consumer-facing tech innovators, is notably absent, as are Tesla and SpaceX, founded by Trump business-adviser Elon Musk. Musk has publicly stated that he is against the ban and somehow thinks that he can change Trump’s mind.
Unsurprising but significant is the lack of any leading signatories from the enterprise sector — less-flashy tech giants that don’t usually align with the start-up side of the Valley’s utopian ideals. HP, IBM, and Oracle (whose CEO, Safra Catz, worked on the Trump transition) are all absent. They likely made a calculated business decision, as companies that wield large amounts of economic power, but don’t need a PR boost.
Donald Trump tweets. The rest of the Twitter world memes. Today’s raw material: Trump’s insistence that he calls his own shots, “largely based on an accumulation of data.” (Read: Trump definitely didn’t not know that he was promoting Steve Bannon to the National Security Council, as the New York Times reported yesterday and Morning Joe discussed this morning.)
Turns out, President Trump isn’t the only one who calls their shots using an accumulation of data. I mean, really, how else would you want to call a shot.
During halftime of last night’s Super Bowl, a photo was taken of Patriots quarterback Tom Brady sitting on the sidelines, head hung low, looking, well, sad. A meme — Sad Tom Brady — was born, but it wouldn’t last long as the Patriots came from behind to win the game. Except now, Brady is, in fact, sad once again. This time because somebody swiped his jersey from his locker after the game.
In a postgame interview, Brady noticed his jersey wasn’t where he left it and seemed visibly down about losing his shirt. “It’s going to be on eBay at some point,” Brady said.
Here’s hoping the person who stole the jersey enjoys its game-winning musk, since it’s unlikely they’ll ever be able to sell it online without arousing suspicion. As for Tom, he says he’s pretty content with his new Super Bowl ring, so we think he’ll be okay. If he’s not, he can always check in on his missing jersey’s newly launched Twitter account.
It has begun: Denmark will become the first country to appoint an ambassador meant to interface not with another nation, but with monolithic tech companies that wield awesome amounts of power over user data and the flow of information. According to the Washington Post, the “digital ambassador” role is the country’s attempt to address how powerful tech firms like Facebook and Google have become in the past decade, to regulate them, and — duh doy — to use them to boost the economy. (Apple and Facebook recently signed deals to build data centers in the country.)
The company’s foreign minister, Anders Samuelsen, told the Post, “More than half of the world’s data has been created in the past two years. That’s not just states or intelligence services who have put all this together. No, it’s mainly companies like Facebook, Google, Apple and so-on. That, again, puts us in a situation where we have to ask big questions about individual’s privacy and the situation for states.” The flow of misinformation and hoax-news sites are also growing concerns, especially in Europe where defamation laws are generally more strict.
Depending on your point of view, this sort of measure is either proactive or defensive — “Hey, let’s get some sweet tech $$$$” combined with “We must appease the firms holding the largest caches of blackmail material in the history of civilization.” It’s not too different from what media companies are doing on a smaller scale, hiring people whose primary responsibility is to make sure that tech companies like your site, and maybe reward you with product features and traffic and one of those limited Snapchat Discover slots.
How far has the phrase “Cash Me Outside, Howbow Dah?” traveled since it was coined by Danielle Bregoli on an episode of Dr. Phil last year? You can buy official merchandise. You can find it in Snapchat’s Bitmoji. And, now, you can get blown off the face of the earth by a tank with “Cash Me Ouside” written on its gun, as close watchers of last night’s Super Bowl ads will have noted.
Budweiser’s Super Bowl ad—which featured the beer’s origin story, centered around its German immigrant co-founder—inspired Trump supporters to call for a boycott of the beer. But then a misspelled hashtag opened the floodgates.
The premise of Hyundai’s “A Better Super Bowl” ad — which was filmed and produced during the course of the game — involved active-duty service members watching the game from a military base in Żagań, Poland while their families watched live at the Super Bowl in Houston. Thanks to some video-camera feeds, the families were able to watch the game “together.” Are you crying?
Select All has reached out for military comment and will update this post if we hear back. A spokesperson for Hyundai confirmed the car company and the agencies who helped produced the ad had nothing to do with the meme’s cameo and noted the other tank barrel in the ad reads “Call Me Maybe” as in the hit Carly Rae Jepsen song from 2012.
According to a new survey commissioned by dating site Match.com, most single millennials think it’s okay to have sex before a first date, but it is not okay to have a damaged phone. Despite the popularity of online dating, using your phone during a date is mostly frowned upon.
From USA Today:
According to Helen Fisher, Match’s scientific adviser, “Singles don’t like people who have a cracked phone, or an old phone or those who use a clicking sound when typing.”
So: don’t use your phone, don’t leave the sound on, and don’t break your phone, and maybe you won’t be doomed to spend the rest of your life alone.
If you are crying, it is perhaps because you noticed a small detail: The camera pans over several people sitting atop tanks, which — as is common practice — have been decorated with phrases. In this case, one tank, the chosen phrase is none other than “Cash Me Ouside.” Yes, the meme has traveled to Poland, and from there, who knows?
Quick, check what kind of TV you have. It is a Vizio smart TV? If it’s more recent than 2014 — or if you’ve updated the firmware on your older model — it’s been watching everything you watched, collecting that data, and selling it to third parties so they can better target advertising to you.
The program is sure to make anyone feel a bit grimy (and also curious about their own smart TV’s privacy policy). All Vizio TVs sold in 2014 had something called ACR software installed on their set; the company also forced older smart TV sets to download an update that installed ACR as well. ACR allowed Vizio continuously analyze a portion of the pixels of your TV set and match it to a database of movies and TV shows — think Shazam, but for your TV set, and instead of an app you download and use, it’s a process secretly happening on behalf of an enormous electronics manufacturer. Vizio then used your IP and third-party data aggregators to determine things like your sex, age, income, marital status, education, and household size. Finally, it sold this information to third parties, who used it to target and track advertising across devices.
The television manufacturer has agreed to pay a $2.2 million dollar fine to the FTC and the state of New Jersey. It also will also have to delete most of the data it collected, put a privacy program in place, disclose exactly what data it collects when it tracks your TV watching habits, and get your express consent to continue to do so.
“Vizio is pleased to reach this resolution with the FTC and the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. Going forward, this resolution sets a new standard for best industry privacy practices for the collection and analysis of data collected from today’s internet-connected televisions and other home devices,” said Jerry Huang, Vizios’s general counsel, in a statement provided to Select All. “The ACR program never paired viewing data with personally identifiable information such as name or contact information, and the Commission did not allege or contend otherwise. Instead, as the complaint notes, the practices challenged by the government related only to the use of viewing data in the ‘aggregate’ to create summary reports measuring viewing audiences or behaviors.”
As of 6 p.m. ET, that site is currently 404ing.
So how did everyone agree to this? In a delightfully sharp-elbowed blog post about the settlement, FTC senior attorney Lesley Fair explains:
The FTC and New Jersey Attorney General’s office announced today they’ve reached a settlement with the TV manufacturer, after filing a complaint in November of 2015.
The company posted this on its Twitter account earlier today:
Sean Spicer has only held the position of White House press secretary for a few weeks, but he’s already having one hell of a run. First, there was the unearthing of his ongoing Twitter feud with Dippin’ Dots … yes, the orb-shaped ice cream. Then he stood behind the podium and (falsely) stated that President Trump had the “total largest audience” of any inauguration in history. Then there was the gum thing and the Onion video he shared about himself. And now, it appears, people have stumbled upon Spicer’s public Venmo (a money-transfer app) account and are using it to troll him.
The account was first spotted by the podcasters behind “Who? Weekly.” Based on recent exchanges visible on Spicer’s account, it appears people have been sending him money for things like “Dippin’ Dots” and “gum,” and even some money to “get ur hairline back” and “to buy some alternative dignity.”
Sending Spicer money is funny, but it’s clearly not the ideal troll since Spicer walks away with, well, your money. Instead, the better move here is requesting money from him. Which people are also doing now that they’ve discovered Spicer’s account on the app.
Of course, given the nature of Venmo, it’s not possible to 100 percent verify this is Spicer’s — the real one, with White House credentials — account. A glance at his transaction history shows just two payments over the summer — one to a Ryan Spicer and another to a Shannon Spicer — before the trolling began. For what it’s worth, Sean Spicer does have a brother named Ryan and a sister named Shannon. And one Twitter user pointed out Spicer’s 27 Venmo friends include a major K Street lobbyist. Do with this information what you will. Either this is an extremely good long con being played out by an Alternative Spicer or, quite possibly, it’s actually the White House press secretary. And if it is really him, at least he’ll have some extra funds to keep buying those 35 sticks of Orbit cinnamon gum he swallows each day before noon.
The company formerly known as Time Warner Cable — now known as Spectrum after a merger between Charter Communications and Time Warner Cable — is being sued by New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman for allegedly lying to customers, since at least 2012, about their internet services.
Partly, this is because of the deep insight it offers into potentially why — particularly from 2012 to 2014 — your Time Warner Cable internet sucked. But more importantly, thanks to numerous internal emails and documents from TWC, it gives a glimpse of the corporate culture inside TWC. It’s one where engineers and customer-support reps repeatedly and consistently bring up problems about the company’s internet-service plans, only to have their solutions shot down by execs higher up the ladder as being “too costly.” If the government’s case is accurate, it shows the combination of deceit and intentional neglect that created an ISP that sold customers one thing and provided something else altogether.
Second, that the company repeatedly promised reliable, “no buffering,” “no lag” internet, especially to services like Netflix or to online games like League of Legends, but was in fact purposefully letting the interconnections between TWC and outside companies degrade to an alarming degree — unless the companies, like Netflix, were willing to start paying for access to TWC customers.
The complaint boils down to two essential charges: First, that starting in 2012, TWC began aggressively pushing customers to sign up for higher-priced internet-service subscriptions for ostensibly faster speeds — speeds the company knew it couldn’t deliver because its hardware was old and its infrastructure was decaying.
The full complaint is one of the rare legal briefs that makes for good, compelling reading, particularly for any Time Warner Cable customer who has stared at that “Netflix is having trouble loading” screen even though they’re paying for more than enough speed for Netflix, and they’ve already been on the phone with Time Warner Cable like four times about this, and Jesus Christ, just play some episodes of 30 Rock, please?
Per the state’s complaint, TWC did three things that meant it could never deliver the speeds it was promising to customers — particularly to those paying for 100-megabit-per-second (Mbps), 200-Mbps, and 300-Mbps speed tiers. The state claims TWC didn’t provide fast-enough modems for lease to deliver speeds promised, it didn’t provide wireless routers fast enough to deliver speeds promised (and made some outright laughable claims in its advertising about the abilities of its Wi-Fi), and it didn’t improve “last mile” infrastructure which delivers that coaxial cable into your home to sufficiently provide speeds promised.
So, you would assume that anyone subscribing to a speed tier above 20 Mbps would get the faster D3 modem, right? According to the state, that didn’t happen. Customers subscribing to high-speed tiers were still being leased D2 modems. A snapshot in February of 2016 found that over 185,000 TWC customers on high-speed plans were being leased D2 modems that TWC knew could not deliver the speed the customers were paying for. Over all, TWC leased over 800,000 D2 modems to New Yorkers on high-speed plans for three months or more from 2012 until present.
First, let’s look at the modems TWC leased to customers. TWC mainly leased two types of modems — modems that used Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS) 2.0, or “D2” modems, and more modern modems that used DOCSIS 3.0, or “D3” modems. The D2 modems only use one channel in a broadband connection, capping their download speed at 38Mbps, though as early as 2013 TWC knew that D2 modems were actually “non-compliant” for any speed above 20 Mbps. D3 modems can use multiple channels, allowing for much-faster internet speeds.
And here begins the theme that repeats itself in the attorney general’s complaint: A good and decent course of action is recommended internally, and people higher up in the company decide not to do it. According to the complaint, TWC engineers in 2013 recommended switching out the slower D2 modems for D3 modems. But as one senior exec put it two years later in 2015, while the problem was still ongoing: “The solution is to get the D2s out, but we don’t have that kind of capital.” (In 2014, TWC posted an operating adjusted income of $4.8 billion.)
“The allegations in [this] lawsuit confirm what millions of New Yorkers have long suspected — Spectrum-Time Warner Cable has been ripping you off,” said Attorney General Schneiderman in a press release. Schneiderman was no doubt using the strongest language he could in a government statement. After reading the full complaint against Spectrum-Time Warner Cable, I’d say the state is accusing Time Warner Cable less of “ripping off” customers and more of “pissing on New Yorkers’ heads and telling them it’s raining.”
This brings us to routers. According to the complaint, TWC also failed to provide wireless routers that could provide the speeds promised. TWC chose to continue to lease out (usually a single “gateway” device that combined a modem and Wi-Fi router) routers running an older protocol, 802.11n, which can theoretically deliver max speeds of 100 Mbps, but, like many Wi-Fi routers, delivers slower speeds in the real world. Per the complaint, an internal email from a senior TWC exec in charge of equipment put it bluntly: “We do not offer a [device] today that is capable of the peak Maxx speed of 300 Mbps via wireless … we are going to experience a mismatch between what we sell the customer and what they actually measure on their laptop/tablet/etc.” Again, it was recommended that TWC simply upgrade customers to the proper equipment, in this case sending out new Wi-Fi routers running the newer and much-faster protocol 802.11ac to anyone on a high-speed plan.
But, again, there was a chance to do the right thing. According to the complaint, there was an internal plan called “Ship to All” to simply upgrade every customer on a high-speed plan still using a D2 modem to a D3 modem. Problem solved, except that the plan was quickly killed due to fear of costs. Instead, the company went with what it called a “Raise Your Hand” approach, in which customers could get new modems, but only if they called TWC’s infamously bad customer service or waited in line at a TWC store, installed the new modem themselves or face an installation fee, and returned their old modem or get hit with a large “Unreturned Equipment Fee” charge. An internal email reveals this plan was explicitly designed to lower the number of people who would upgrade to the modem they needed in order to get the speeds required. And nowhere in the mailing and literature sent to customers did TWC explain that without this upgrade, customers would be stuck with far slower internet speeds than they were paying for.
At times in the complaint, TWC’s claims can seem outright laughable. The attorney general’s office points toward a made claim that there would be no difference between wired and wireless internet with TWC’s internet package. First off, the company knew that many of its customers were on Wi-Fi routers that couldn’t deliver the speed it was promising. Second, interference alone can knock off nearly 25 percent of the speed on a Wi-Fi signal — and that’s before you start divvying up all that bandwidth between the multiple wireless devices many people have running in their homes. This image from an internal TWC presentation shows the elephant in the room when it comes to Wi-Fi.
This is because TWC dragged its feet on building out its “last mile” infrastructure. Basically, when you are a cable internet subscriber, you share bandwidth with your “service group” (a.k.a., your neighbors). In February of 2016, the average service group in NYC had 340 subscribers sharing 608 Mbps of bandwidth. Per TWC’s engineers, the ideal is to have a network that only hits 50 percent capacity, even during peak hours (7 p.m. to 11 p.m.) — ensuring that anyone, even someone with a high-speed connection, can still utilize all the bandwidth they are paying for. Instead TWC regularly ran service groups at 80 percent capacity — meaning that someone paying a $110 a month for 300 Mbps service would likely only be able to achieve speeds in the range of 120 Mbps.
Then there’s the issue of built infrastructure. If you avoided TWC’s outdated equipment and bought your own modem and router, rather than lease your modem and router from your ISP (and you really should just buy your own), it was highly unlikely you’d get the speeds you were paying for, especially at the higher speed tiers.
In a cycle that should now be familiar, it’s alleged that TWC knew this was a problem and decided on inaction as the best course. When a TWC exec says perhaps the 80 percent capacity limit needed to be lowered so the customers paying the most for their internet would reap more of the benefits, he was shot down. “That would drive 100’s of millions in investment,” replied a co-worker.
All of this led to a situation where people on 100 Mbps, 200 Mbps, or 300 Mbps plans (which the attorney general claims customer service reps were instructed to aggressively upsell customers on) were regularly averaging, at best, half the promised speed they had purchased from TWC.
Oh yeah, there’s also the claim that TWC actively deceived the FCC about its failure to provide its promised level of internet service. The complaint outlines a number of alleged shenanigans TWC pulled on the FCC from 2012 until present, including making false promises to upgrade all its customers to D3 modems and putting its thumb on speed tests — with the explicit approval of senior execs.
All of the above, if true, paints a picture of a company that decided on inaction as much as possible to save money. But when the attorney general’s complaint turns to the unreliability, you see something more remarkable — the company allegedly ignoring upgrading its infrastructure in a deliberate attempt to extract money from the other side of the equation: content providers like Netflix and “backbone providers” like Level 3 or Akamai, which form the bulk of the modern internet. (TWC wasn’t alone in making these deals — all of the major ISPs at the time were forcing the same deals on various providers, in particular Netflix.)
Per the complaint, it worked like this: Starting in 2011, TWC was seeing tremendous growth in how much data users were demanding, especially as on-demand HD video streaming really began to take off. Between your ISP and the internet-at-large are ports (or, technically, internet exchange points, also known as peerings or interconnections). In 2011, TWC decided that instead of its previous policy of exchanging data between content and backbone providers and end users for free, it would begin charging. Some companies held out, including Netflix, the maker of the extremely popular online game League of Legends, and backbone provider Cogent.
In the case of Netflix, the company refused to pay for access to TWC’s customers. In response, TWC didn’t cut them off entirely. Instead, it allegedly just neglected to upgrade the port capacity between TWC and Netflix, causing slower connections. Netflix offered to install, for free, its own OpenConnect hardware to ensure that it could deliver its content smoothly to TWC customers. TWC declined, instead continuing to insist that Netflix pay up. Netflix refused to pay from 2012 to 2014, when it finally caved. During this time, the complaint alleges that Netflix speeds were consistently below would be acceptable for HD streaming, about 3 Mbps. After Netflix struck a deal, it returned. The complaint republishes this chart, taken from a TWC internal presentation, about the “Netflix deal.”
In other words, had Netflix not played ball, TWC customers would have continued to see substandard speed from Netflix. The complaint alleges that TWC never informed customers that its ongoing dispute with Netflix was causing slower speeds — instead it ran ads about how TWC subscribers would “Enjoy Netflix better.”
Finally, there’s backbone provider Cogent (which carries much of Netflix’s data as well), which refused to ever pay for access to TWC’s customers. It consistently saw much-higher data-packet loss over TWC’s network. In an email republished in the complaint, Cogent at one point offered to split the costs of upgrading TWC’s network (a relatively low-cost $10,000), but TWC refused to do so. Cogent consistently remained the worst performing backbone provider on TWC right up until the FCC’s ruling in 2015 that ISPs were “common carriers,” meaning that ISPs were forced to act as neutral gateways to the internet — at which point Cogent saw its port capacity increase again.
Per the state, the reasoning behind all this was even explicitly laid out by a TWC exec in an email about port capacity, writing, “We really want content networks paying us for access and right now we force those through transit that do not want to pay.” (Forcing them “through transit” essentially means forcing content networks to find a more circuitous way to home users.)
The state claims much of the same is true in the case of Riot Games, creator of League of Legends, which initially refused to pay TWC until caving in August of 2015. Before the deal was struck, lag and data-packet loss (i.e., two of the things that can badly affect how well online game plays) for League of Legends players were far above the standards Riot liked to see. After it struck a deal, the numbers improved. Again, while it was in an ongoing dispute with one of the most popular online games in the world, TWC was also advertising that subscribers would experience games “with no lag time.”
Well, for one, Charter seems pretty peeved that by acquiring Time Warner Cable, it’s now faced with both upgrading TWC’s infrastructure (a tremendously expensive proposition in NYC) and handling an aggressive and potentially very expensive lawsuit. “We are disappointed that the New York Attorney General chose to file this lawsuit regarding Time Warner Cable’s broadband speed advertisements that occurred prior to Charter’s merger,” said a spokesperson for Charter Communications when asked for comment. “Charter made significant commitments to New York State as part of our merger with Time Warner Cable in areas of network investment, broadband deployment and offerings, customer service, and jobs.”
After acquiring TWC for $55 billion, it’s not hard to imagine Charter may be feeling some buyer’s remorse at this point. The state is seeking, among other things, $5,000 for every instance of “false advertising” by TWC in New York state. This means, theoretically, that every advertisement Spectrum-TWC ran from January 1, 2012 until February 1, 2017 would cost Charter $5,000. Considering that nationally TWC spent about $245 million in 2014 on advertising, this could translate into a mind-boggling amount. Add additional damages — the attorney general also hopes to collect damages on behalf of the 900,000 customers directly affected — and you have a lawsuit that could end up costing Charter hundreds of millions of dollars.
This is also why it’s likely that Charter will settle this case out of court, as many cases like this often are. “This will settle because there seems to be a potential for a really high liability,” says University of Buffalo professor of law Mark Bartholomew. “And it’s pretty bad from a public relations standpoint. They’ll make a decision to stop the bleeding before going all the way to trial.” For Bartholomew, the case seems “pretty clear cut.”
If you’re on Spectrum-TWC, you can do several things right now. One, if you’re leasing your modem and router from them, stop. The Wirecutter-approved ARRIS SURFboard SB6183 and TP-Link Archer C7 will run you $175 together, which you’ll pay off in less than a year and a half of renting a modem and router from Spectrum, and you’ll be able to keep your modem if you switch providers.
Second, head here and test out your internet speeds — the New York attorney general’s office provides really easy-to-follow instructions. If possible, run these tests while plugged into your Ethernet — you want to test your actual internet speed, not how well your Wi-Fi router is working. If you’re not getting what you’re paying for, you can quickly file a complaint.
Third, you can always take your money elsewhere. Much of the lawsuit focuses on a time when TWC was really the only game in town. You may live where that’s still the case, but if not, consider going to another ISP. You’ll nearly always end up paying less thanks to introductory plans.
More broadly, though, we may be entering a different era. The FCC was actively working with TWC for years on trying to resolve these issues, with little to show for it. “One way to interpret this is that federal regulators have not faced up to Time Warner Cable the way the New York attorney general feels they need to do so, and so we turn to courts and false advertising law,” says Bartholomew. But this was also under Obama’s much-more active FCC, which passed regulation preventing TWC from charging data providers like Netflix extra to carry their data directly to consumers.
But Trump’s FCC is signalling that we’re about to enter a period of extreme deregulation, and Spectrum will likely soon be able to do as it pleases again at some point (though promises made by Charter made when acquiring Time Warner Cable will keep net neutrality in place for now). If that happens, consumers’ best hope of actually getting what they pay for will be either increased competition (unlikely, considering the high costs of entering the market) or lawsuits like this one. “We’ll have more and more state attorneys general taking the lead in customer protection,” says Bartholomew. “And not the feds.”
The office of the attorney general received nearly 3,000 complaints from TWC customers about slow and unreliable internet service, and reproduces a few in the complaint, including this, which touches on TWC’s failure to keep up with port infrastructure: “We are being throttled on streaming services such as Youtube, Netflix, and Twitch while also having problems with Video games such as League of Legends.”
After years of taking flack for failing to stem the tide of rampant harassment on the platform, Twitter has revealed new steps toward making the platforms less … well, less Nazi. The three main areas, the company revealed in a blog post, are preventing abusive users from creating new accounts, hiding abusive tweets, and putting out safer search results.
On account creation, Twitter says, “We’re taking steps to identify people who have been permanently suspended and stop them from creating new accounts.” Exactly what methods it’s employing are unspecified, which makes sense considering that making the methods known would make them easier to skirt around.
Tweets that Twitter describes as “abusive or low-quality” will be collapsed below tweets, hidden from view unless users opt in. That mostly means that tweets from accounts that are relatively new, or have few followers, won’t be weighted as much as tweets from users in better standing. In other words, expect fewer eggs.
All of this comes a few months after the service rolled out keyword-mute filters that users can customize to their liking. Whether any of this will work remains to be seen, but it’s a start.
Lastly, the company is working on a “safe search” feature that prevents sensitive content, and blocked or muted accounts, from appearing in users’ search results. Getting rid of blocked accounts in search results is a long-overdue feature.
Douglas and his partner Dylan Rigby ran the website FUT Galaxy, which let players use the game’s virtual currency to bet on matches. The issue is that the currency has a correlating real-world value, making the site functionally equivalent to a gambling site that uses real money. The pair initially pleaded not guilty to charges relating to unlicensed gambling in September, but has since changed their plea.
Video-game gambling has become something of a sleeping giant in the online economy, one that’s estimated to be worth billions of dollars. Last summer, fans of the game Counter-Strike revealed that several gambling sites surrounding the game, which used virtual weapons with corresponding real-world monetary value as collateral, were owned by, or had sponsorship deals with, prominent streamers. Valve, the developer behind the game, sent cease-and-desists to more than 20 of those sites. They did not, however, face legal action from gambling authorities.
Two men in the U.K. have pleaded guilty to running a video-game gambling site based on the popular FIFA series by using that game’s virtual currency system to place real bets. One of the men, according to the BBC, is Craig Douglas, a popular FIFA streamer known as NepentheZ, who has more than 1.3 million subscribers.
Back in 2002, Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams hit theaters. A follow-up to 2001 hit kids’ film Spy Kids, the sequel featured the same brother-sister spy duo of Carmen and Juni Cortez, this time tackling strange creatures and a crazed scientist on, well, an island. As far as spy flicks go, it’s no North By Northwest, but we need to give it some credit for its prescience: Now, over a decade later, a shot of Juni wearing a pair of, uh, extremely elaborate smart glasses has become a widespread meme encapsulating the intensity of reading and creeping online.
The still image and GIF come from a scene in Spy Kids 2 where Juni and his sister spot another team of child spies — another brother-sister team, Gary and Gerti Giggles; man, they don’t make movies like this anymore — and Juni decides he needs a better view of them. His sunglasses proceed to expand into six extended lenses providing, I assume, some very good optical zoom. As noted by the Daily Dot, the meme traces its online origins back to around 2013, but has seen a recent uptick on Reddit, particularly on /r/MemeEconomy (a subreddit devoted to “buying and selling” popular memes a la the actual stock market).
Nostalgia aside, the Spy Kids meme is perfect for any situation where you want to zoom in on something for a closer look: your partner’s text messages. A particularly attractive person walking a block ahead of you. Your president’s tax returns. The uses are endless.
While a meme spawned from a fifteen-year-old movie engineered to entertain kids and keep their parents’ eyeballs from falling from their heads — did I mention the cast also includes Alan Cumming, Antonio Banderas, Danny Trejo, Holland Taylor, and Steve Buscemi — might seem out of place in 2017, the reemergence of Spy Kids near the center of online culture actually makes perfect sense, and offers some of insight into who is driving the, uh, meme economy these days: The late teens and early twentysomethings who were Spy Kids’s adolescent audience in 2002. Now that audience is grown, and owns computers, and spends its evenings delving into the bowels of the internet while blue light does irreparable damage to their circadian rhythms.
For those of us who grew up dreaming of escaping our bedrooms using acid crayons that burnt through walls, and of miniature submarines that also came equipped with futuristic galley-kitchen microwaves that would whip up whatever food we desired with the press of a metallic button — these are all real Spy Kids plot points; I may have watched this series once or twice or 30 times as a kid — Juni Cortez and his smart glasses hit the sweet nostalgia-meme spot. It’s the same reason shows like SpongeBob SquarePants birth such an array — Primitive Sponge, Confused Mr. Krabs, SpongeBob Meme History — of memes. Generation Meme (let’s say anybody between about 15 and 25) remembers shows and movies like these in detail, which lends their memes depth. A kid with a ridiculous pair of zoomed-in smart glasses paired with a caption about trying to figure out who is texting your girlfriend: pretty good. A kid with a ridiculous pair of zoomed-in smart glasses paired with a caption about trying to figure out who is texting your girlfriend, PLUS remembering that kid was a child spy known to wear neon-colored Band-Aids over his finger warts: extremely good.
Uber’s involvement in city transport was supposed to be of partnering with private industry to improve public transportation offerings, especially for underserved communities like the elderly and the disabled. So far, Pittsburgh apparently has little to show for it. Much like those angered during the #deleteUber campaign, Pittsburgh’s leadership is realizing that it no longer has to put up with whatever Uber wants.
The arrangement seems to be souring, however, as Uber continues to use its standard tactics of strong-arming local governments to get what it wants, and leaving them holding the bag. The city’s Post-Gazette reported last week that Peduto was not happy with Uber CEO Travis Kalanick’s position on Trump’s advisory council.
Uber’s arrangement with Pittsburgh happened in part because the city believed that allowing Uber to help them modernize transportation would help them win federal funding, the Department of Transportation’s 2016 Smart City Challenge. Instead, according to Quartz, Uber turned around and demanded “access to bus lanes, designated pick-up and drop-off spots for self-driving cars, and ‘prioritization of snow removal’ on self-driving car routes.”
Uber and Pittsburgh have always had a somewhat fraught relationship. Two years ago, the company poached nearly a third of Carnegie Mellon’s robotics experts in order to build a division for researching self-driving cars; as a kind of consolation prize, Uber decided to use Pittsburgh as its testing ground for the new systems, which began roving Steel City’s streets last year. In May, Democratic Mayor Bill Peduto called the company’s Advanced Technologies Center, “where some of the world’s leading innovators are helping to shape the future of transportation,” expecting the partnership to bring “increased road safety, less congestion, and more efficient and smarter cities.”
In 2014, British start-up founder Marco Nardone dreamed up an idea for an app. The app, Fling, would let users send pictures and videos to 50 complete strangers around the world at a time. If this sounds like a recipe for dick pics and disaster, you’d be right. (Think ChatRoulette.) Though at the time, it didn’t seem like anybody knew how much of a disaster 28-year-old Nardone’s app would be: Fling went from a promising start-up with over $20 million in funding to a now-defunct app with ex-employees sharing stories about a boss who once tried to purchase desk tents to force employees to work round the clock without ever leaving the office.
The problems with Fling, highlighted in a truly [Italian-chef-kissing-fingers-gesture] report today from Business Insider, seemed to begin as soon as the app was conceived. While Nardone told his staff the app’s user growth was organic, he was actually pumping money in “social media marketing” to draw users. According to former employees, Nardone likened himself to Snapchat’s Evan Spiegel and Tesla’s Elon Musk. He frequently spent company money on lavish dinners and trips and, well, things the company didn’t need, like a weekend getaway for an Avicii concert in Ibiza (while his employees lingered at the office dealing with a crisis), or a pricey office space complete with neon ceiling lighting, which his developers complained made it hard to see their screens and do their work.
The straw that broke the Fling camel’s back was the moment when the app was removed from the Apple App Store. In an email from Apple to Fling obtained by Business Insider, the start-up was told the “randomized pairing of strangers for chatting” was being removed because Apple’s app guidelines aim to “prevent pornographic content.” After initial complaints of lewd images being shared on the app — which, duh, — Fling hired a team of moderators, but issues of explicit content continued to plague the app as Nardone “clamped down on male nudity,” but did not do the same for women, BI reports.
The app-store removal prompted Nardone to demand all-day and all-night work from his staff to get Fling back up and running according to Apple’s standards. (A little over two weeks later the app did return to the app store, but it wouldn’t last. Fling shut down during summer 2016 with little fanfare.) This was where Nardone’s let’s buy desk tents to keep people working idea popped up, an idea which his father, a major investor in Fling, stepped in to stop. Nardone’s response, according to several ex-employees, was to throw a Pret a Manger baguette at his father’s head. “Nardone also threw a cup of miso soup at his head of design in front of the whole office,” according to BI. Oh, and another employee said he was also known to throw chairs around. Frankly, the baguette sounds most ideal.
Nazanin Zinouri came home to the United States this week after spending a week banned from entering the country as a result of the Trump administration’s travel ban. Zinouri, a graduate of Clemson University’s Ph.D. program and an engineer who has lived in the United States for the past seven years (employed in the U. S. on a work visa), was unable to get back into the country after returning to her native country, Iran, to visit her family. “No one warned me when I was leaving, no one cared what will happen to my dog or my job or my life there,” she wrote on Facebook, after being refused from boarding a flight from Dubai to Washington, D.C. “No one told me what I should do with my car that is still parked at the airport parking. Or what to do with my house and all my belongings.”
This isn’t the first instance of Puppy Twitter tweeting more substantive content, rather than the usual pictures and GIFs of fluffy animals, since Trump was inaugurated. Both @dog_rates and @EmergencyPuppy have started using their platforms to critique, if subtly, the current administration. Good dogs … now just slightly more political.
On Sunday, Zinouri touched down in Boston. And on Monday, she was finally able to get home to South Carolina, where her dog, Dexter, was waiting to welcome her home, and also make us all weep.
Earlier this week, without warning and without fanfare, something amazing happened. After lying dormant for a little more than nine years, Lasagna Cat came back.
Lasagna Cat is from the demented geniuses behind Fatal Farm, an early web-video production company that, in early 2008, was one of YouTube’s first breakout hitmakers. The idea behind Lasagna Cat was simple — live-action reenactments of actual Garfield cartoons, featuring low-grade costumes and a Jon Arbuckle that looks like he was plucked out of a Garfield porn parody. After the initial reenactment, stylized remixes of the strip (in one instance, a parody of Final Fantasy) would play. The clips, named after the date on which their source material originally appeared in newspapers, all lasted roughly 90 seconds.
Now, it appears that Lasagna Cat will finally make his triumphant return tomorrow, in a clip apparently titled “Telephone Sex Survey.”
In the meantime, you can watch the other two teasers below.
This type of parody seems so obvious now — it could practically fit inside a Vine — but back then, it was new and novel. Fatal Farm’s (sometimes terrifying) work heralded a new type of humor that was, for lack of a better descriptor, distinctly internet. Weird, referential, off-kilter, and far outside the mainstream.
“‘Something’ is coming tomorrow,” Fatal Farm’s Zachary Johnson wrote over email. “It’s not the new series’ episodes just yet. But it’s an opening volley, of sorts.”
Exactly which comic strips will get featured is unclear. (Maybe the one where Jon drinks dog semen, which is real, and was published in newspapers.)
“We were overwhelmed by the reaction of the originals and intended to revisit the channel much sooner than this but kept getting sidelined,” he added. “We’ve made new episodes over the years, screening them at odd venues, but we’ve never made them publicly available. With the landscape of internet comedy so much weirder now, we wanted to kick things off with something that feels baffling and unnecessary like the originals.”
Magic Leap — the mysterious augmented-reality company valued at $4.5 billion and best known for its inability to present a genuinely functional product — made headlines earlier this year after it was reported that the company had seriously oversold what its technology could do and how small its devices were. (Think bulky helmets instead of sleek AR glasses.) Now, a new report from Business Insider says, according to sources close to the situation, the company is still “scrambling” to get a prototype of its glasses together before a Magic Leap board meeting next week.
Pinterest, whose user base primarily consists of anyone planning a wedding between 2010 and 2013, envisions many different use cases for this app. “Just point Lens at a pair of shoes, then tap to see related styles or even ideas for what else to wear them with,” their announcement blog post says. That’s cool!
This week, Pinterest introduced Lens, a new feature on its mobile app that allows for visual search. Just point your camera lens at something and the app will tell you what it is, it’s like an adult human’s brain, but not quite as good.
“In a demonstration,” recalls Casey Newton of The Verge, “Pinterest co-founder Evan Sharp used Lens to detect a pomegranate. Pinterest returned results for pomegranate bread, pomegranate sandwiches, and tips for peeling pomegranates.” So, the next time you’ve got too many pomegranates, you know what to do: open up the Lens app and take a picture of all of those dang pomegranates. It’s rolling out on mobile devices starting today.
If that weren’t concerning enough, another source told Business Insider that Magic Leap CEO Rony Abovitz often likes to demonstrate his company’s tech for celebs and VIPs for possible collaboration. And one of those VIPs, a talent you may or may not have heard of named Beyoncé, was reportedly not particularly struck when she was shown the company’s much-hyped product. (The singer was reportedly shown a “mermaid demo,” though no word on what exactly that entails.)
From Business Insider:
Beyoncé’s endorsement. The best thing Magic Leap never had.
Jenna Stoyanov is a 19-year-old college student who describes herself as “embarrassingly obsessed with cats.” So while she’s away from home studying journalism at the University of Texas at Austin, her mom sends her plenty of photos of her cats — Milo and Foster — back home. This week, Milo learned how to scale the family’s refrigerator to lap water out of the in-door dispenser. A feat which Stoyanov’s mom managed to get a picture of, prompting her to post a now-viral tweet. (Stoyanov’s picture of Milo has been retweeted over 39,000 times and counting.)
On Monday, Vizio reached a settlement with the FTC and the New Jersey attorney general, agreeing to pay $2.2 million in damages after installing software that tracked everything viewers were watching by analyzing the pixels on their screens. Vizio took this information, along with demographic information about users, and sold it to third-party advertisers to enable tracking across multiple devices.
The upside for Vizio owners is that they can now turn this service off (go to Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Smart Interactivity and switch that off). New Vizio owners will have to opt in, and the amount of information that can be gathered about them will be reduced.
But what if you have another smart TV? Or what if you use a streaming device? Here’s a rundown of the most current policies. (The Wirecutter did a very thorough piece toward the end of 2015 that’s also helpful, though I found a few manufacturers have updated their tracking policies since then, perhaps in response to Vizio’s own legal troubles. The system: Maybe it works?)
Older model Samsung smart TVs used the same tech that Vizio was using to analyze the pixels on viewers’ screens, and had the tech turned on by default. To turn it off, go to Settings > Support >Terms & Policy > SyncPlus and Marketing, and then turn SyncPlus off.
A quick note for those truly concerned about privacy: You should know nearly anytime you stream something to your TV, whether that’s using your built-in smart-TV software or a streaming device, information is being collected about you. And not just by manufacturers: Content providers like Netflix track your watching habits as well. If you want to watch things without being tracked at all you’ll need to either watch via Blu-Ray, USB stick, or streaming directly off your computer with something like Plex.
Samsung went through a round of bad publicity after it revealed its smart TVs that used voice recognition might pass along any stray conversations not involving playing a new episode of Halt and Catch Fire to its own servers and potentially third parties. It has since rolled back that feature and updated its privacy policy — and by default, tracking options are turned off. That said, it’s easy to breeze through clicking “Agree All” when setting up your TV. To turn it off in models released since 2016, go to Settings > Support > Terms & Policies. From there there’s four options: Viewing Information Services, Voice Recognition Services, Nuance Voice Recognition, and Privacy Notices. Click into any of them and you can opt back out if you’ve accidentally enabled them.
Sony uses Android TV as its smart-TV platform, which means you can expect the same out of privacy as when using Google products (i.e., not much). However, I’m not sure exactly what Sony’s smart-TV tracking policy is. It’s not online anywhere as far as I can tell, and Sony hasn’t gotten back to me with details yet. I’ll update if and when they do.
While Sony TVs now have tracking turned off by default, it’s easy to enable them while speeding through setup. To disable them (or just make sure they’re turned off), go to Help > Privacy Settings.
The bad news: If you bought an LG smart TV before 2013, tracking was on by default, and it also used the same tech as Vizio to continuously track what you’re watching. Luckily, it’s even easier to disable: Go to Settings > Options > LivePlus and then disable the tech.
Good news first: LG’s privacy policy is one of the better ones out there, thanks to an update at the end of 2015 that made its policy about sharing information to third parties much clearer. Second, if you bought a TV from LG since 2015 that uses WebOS, your viewing habits won’t be tracked by default — though, again, it’s to blow through hitting “Agree” when you first set up the TV and approve tracking without realizing. To disable, head to Settings > General > About This TV > User Agreements. From there you’ll see three options: Viewing Information, Personal Advertising, and Voice Information. Turn any or all of them off.
Roku: Roku is still my personal favorite streaming device — simple, comprehensive, and serving up content without trying to steer me toward a certain content provider (unlike many other companies on this list). That said, its privacy policy is maddeningly vague, and the company retains the right to help third parties target online ads for you based on demographic data and your streaming habits. You can try to opt out of some of this tracking by going into settings and checking “Limited Ad Tracking and Measurement,” but you can’t entirely opt out. It’s disappointing to know if you want the best, you also have to accept that some of your information is always going to be passed around.
Nearly every streaming device tracks and aggregates your watching habits as well. And, of course, individual streaming services may have different tracking policies as well — Netflix’s policies may differ from, say, Crackle. That said, here’s a quick rundown of the major streaming devices, from worst to best in terms of privacy.
Google Chromecast: It’s always important to remember that Google is not a search or hardware or software company — despite offering some of the best-in-class products in many of these areas. Google is a large advertising company, and therefore wants to know as much about you as possible. So it’s not a massive surprise the company tracks your viewing habits automatically. That said, it doesn’t sell your information to third-party data brokers — it just uses it to better tailor its own ads to you. If you want to disable this, open up the Google Home app on your phone, go to device settings, and handle privacy options from there.
Amazon Fire Stick: It can take a minute to suss out what Amazon does with information about your viewing habits. In the Fire Stick’s privacy policy, it’s not clear whether the company shares your viewing habits with third parties, only that the Fire Stick follows Amazon’s general privacy policy. That general privacy policy, however, states “Information about [Amazon] customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others,” and then offers a reasonably proscribed set of circumstances where your information may be shared. Still, if you’d rather reduce the amount of info Amazon collects, you can go to Settings > System > Advertising ID > Interest-Based Ads and turn off that setting.
Apple: Apple TV’s privacy policy is the best that I’ve read, probably because the company doesn’t need to worry about bringing in third-party advertisers or selling to data brokers. (Being in the business of high-margin consumer electronics means you can stay out of the muck.) It collects information about your viewing habits, but only uses this information internally to improve its service. If you don’t even want this info passed along, you can turn it off by going to Settings > General > Privacy in newer Apple TVs (or Settings > General > Send Data to Apple in older models) and disabling sharing your viewing habits with Apple, period.
“He jumped from the ground and we didn’t see him do it. I looked up and was like WHAT???? I just happened to have my phone in my hand, and took the picture before I yelled at him to get down,” Stoyanov’s mom told her about seeing the cat clinging to the front of the fridge. She guesses Milo hung on for about a minute and a half. “He probably would have stayed for a long time if my mom didn’t yell at him,” she told Select All. “If my mom catches him again, she’ll probably put the fridge on child lock so it won’t dispense anymore,” Stoyanov said. “But other than that, I don’t think there’s anything else we can do.”
Wikipedia built its encyclopedia empire (or, really, encyclopedia democratic republic) by ensuring that anyone with reliable information from anywhere can contribute. The question, of course, is what “reliable” is. One thing it’s not: the Daily Mail. In the culmination of a discussion started back in 2015, Wikipedia editors have decided that the English tabloid no longer constitutes a reliable source for article information and have issued a ban on using articles from the Mail, or its online version, to source Wikipedia pages.
Over the past week or so, you might have seen on your various social-media timelines an image of the fellow above — a guy tapping his finger on his head, having just thought of something. He’s figured out a way to avoid his problems, and is passing it along to you as a genius strategy.
The guy pictured is Reece Simpson, a.k.a. Roll Safe, a character created by the British filmmaker and actor Kayode Ewumi. He’s the protagonist of #HoodDocumentary, a parody of urban-culture documentaries. As Bim Adewunmi of BuzzFeed described the series early last year:
A few months later, the pic was adopted as a reaction image by distinctly British accounts with names like Footy Humour (American vernacular: Soccer Humor), before making its way across the Atlantic to the U.S.
In late January, R.S. exploded on Black Twitter as an avatar of logical-fallacies-cum-lifehacks.
From Wikipedia:
As noted by Wikipedia, much of the information found in Daily Mail stories (and often sensationalized in Daily Mail stories) can be found in other publications. Currently about 12,000 DM stories are linked and sourced throughout Wikipedia, and editors are being asked to consider replacing those. The new ban has a few exceptions where editors can continue using DM content, specifically in cases of older and potentially more reliable articles.
Wikipedia banning the Daily Mail is the first time the website has placed such wide-ranging restrictions condemning a single source. Even Russia Today, a Kremlin-sponsored propaganda website is still allowed for sourcing, which definitely says, uh, something about the state, or at least the style, of the Daily Mail in 2017.
Donald Trump has certainly given programmers around the world plenty of material to work with. (The cyber, if you will.) A generator that slaps Trump’s signature on any executive order you desire. Another one that creates GIFs of Trump declaring things illegal. And now, there’s a new video-clip generator that lets you piece together clips of Trump speaking, to make him say whatever you’d like. Well, almost whatever you’d like.
This particular image comes one minute and 33 seconds into a version of #HoodDocumentary that Ewumi made for the BBC in June. It’s shown up everywhere, almost out of nowhere.
While it’s not unprecedented to see this kind of transatlantic, U.K.-U.S. cultural accord around a single meme, it is interesting that this one in particular translated so well, and so quickly, from one context to another. What do Great Britain and the United States have in common, in this particular moment, that lethargy and fatalism would be attractive and widely understood modes of being?
Thanks to a pair of shocking elections last year, won in each case by a campaign almost entirely divorced from reality, both Brits and Americans are confronting a world in which it seems that the easiest way to deal with one’s problems is to pretend that they don’t even exist — or to recast them as benefits. You can’t be depressed if you were never happy in the first place.
One of the major challenges facing VR is that you have to put on a headset before you can really get a sense of the technology’s potential. But what if you can’t even get people to try it?
Business Insider has a story about Best Buy’s decision to shut down hundreds of its in-store Oculus Rift demo stations. According to Best Buy employees speaking to Business Insider, days would go by without anyone wanting to try the headset, and even during the holiday season only “a few Oculus headsets per week” were being sold.
An Oculus Rift spokesperson, talking to Business Insider, said it was due to “seasonal changes,” but an internal Best Buy memo obtained by Business Insider claims it was due to “store performance.” Another employee told Business Insider that the demo units were plagued with bugs, making the units unplayable. (This roughly tracks with my own experience trying out various Rift games and experiences, where I’ve sat through a couple of hard restarts to get everything working again.)
A year into a technology’s life cycle is too early to judge it a complete success or a complete failure. But it’s becoming increasingly obvious that high-end VR is having trouble expanding its user base outside of a niche of core gamers. When potential customers are passing up the chance to even try your product out for free, your problems may be larger than increasing screen resolution or removing bulky wires. It may be that many people are just uncomfortable using, or unwilling to use, your product, period.
This is not a great story for the Oculus Rift, but it also speaks to larger problems facing the VR industry as a whole. It was easy to say that VR would have trouble breaking through simply because you had to get people into headsets before you could make a sale. But after a year where sales of VR headsets across the board were “weaker than expected,” it’s worth taking a step back. Neither Oculus nor the HTC Vive has released a game that can be said to be a true hit. Currently, the best-selling PSVR game is Resident Evil 7, in which VR is optional. Sales forecasts for every VR headset were downgraded for 2016, as demand weakened once early adopters got a headset in their hands.
The generator, Trumpsays.co, is pretty easy to use and has a word bank of several hundred words you can use to create your video. Obviously, it’s limited to words and phrases Trump has actually said, which, while an ever-growing and nutty list, still doesn’t include everything you might want. (Trump, if you’re reading this, please say the words “dank memes” soon.)
You can either scroll through the word bank to select the words you want or type them in manually. If a word isn’t available, the generator will let you know and prompt you to choose another word. Once you’re done, just click “Talk” and sit back and watch the president give your speech. The effect is similar to those dub videos where Barack Obama “sings” pop songs via cut-together clips of his former speeches. Except, instead of laughing at the leader of the free world singing “Call Me Maybe,” your phrase options include things like “build that wall” and “it’s not a ban.”
Tana Mongeau — a YouTuber you’ve probably never heard of unless you traffic in the world of vegan social media — is no stranger to the classic internet cultural form of Vegan YouTube Drama. Last year, she engaged in an extensive and complicated feud with “Freelee the Banana Girl” that sadly fizzled out after a week of baffled blog posts. This year, Mongeau is feuding with another YouTuber, iDubbbz, who called out Mongeau for using the word “nigger,” a call-out accomplished by attending a meet-and-greet with her at the end of January and shouting “say nigger!” as the two posed for a photo. He later posted a video of the interaction on YouTube, where it has been viewed over 2 million times.
Mongeau has since tweeted a non-apology to her followers in which she promised an “APOLOGY” would be “coming soon” and that she intends “on owning up to everything.” She has yet to apologize or do any of the aforementioned owning up.
The beef between the two social stars, first noted by the Daily Dot, actually began before the video itself, when Mongeau called out iDubbbz on Twitter. “So 3 million ppl subscribe to u and u openly say the n-word and retard???? Kill yourself,” Mongeau wrote in a now-deleted tweet referencing a 2015 video in which iDubbbz used offensive language. iDubbbz, not to be outdone, fired back this week with a compilation video of clips of Mongeau also using offensive language, both in videos and tweets, “I’m [on my way] to my pet nigger’s house.” (What’s that they say? A pox on both your YouTube channels?)
And thus concludes, for now, a truly bizarre internet beef in which two racist and offensive YouTubers attempt to prove which one of them is the least racist and offensive.
Update: Oculus issued the following statement to Select All.
It sounds like Oculus has chosen, after the holiday season, to refocus demo efforts in bigger markets; there’s still dozens of places you can (and should!) try a demo here in the NYC metro area. It also seems like Oculus is going to have a bigger presence at trade and consumer shows to get more people to try out VR.
When Instagram (and by extension Facebook) announced the rollout of Instagram Stories during summer 2016, the company wasn’t shy about acknowledging that its newest product was all but a carbon copy of Snapchat. In design. In functionality. And, most blatantly, in its name: Instagram didn’t even bother finding a synonym for the made-famous-by-Snapchat term “Stories.” Months later, at the beginning of February 2017, Snap, Inc. filed its IPO and acknowledged — though not by name — that Facebook’s copycatting could impact its business: “Our competitors may mimic our products and therefore harm our user engagement and growth.” In an interview with the Times of London, model Miranda Kerr, fiancée of Snap CEO Evan Spiegel, put it more bluntly this week: “I cannot STAND Facebook … Can they not be innovative? Do they have to steal all of my partner’s ideas? I’m so appalled by that.… When you directly copy someone, that’s not innovation.”
“I use both [Instagram and Snapchat], but I definitely use Snapchat Stories way more,” Jillian, a high-school senior from Oregon told Select All. “I think I’ve only used Instagram Stories maybe four or five times.” Jenna, a 19-year-old from Texas, estimated that she posts a Snapchat Story “almost every day,” compared to “maybe a few times a month” for an Instagram Story. Cole, 16, said that despite having active accounts on both apps, he’s never even bothered to post an Instagram Story. Michael, 17, said the same. In fact, of the dozen teenagers and college students Select All spoke with, only one said she preferred Instagram Stories over Snapchat, a preference heavily influenced by the fact that Snapchat was “almost always slow” on her Android phone. (A not-uncommon complaint among Android-device owners.) For everyone else, it was Snapchat all the way.
But innovation might not matter as much as it used to in Silicon Valley. Instagram has a large, captive audience that it’s all too happy to leverage in its quest to beat Snapchat — and scarily for Snap, there’s some evidence it’s succeeding. The week before Snap’s IPO, BuzzFeed published a story with data indicating that engagement was spiking on Instagram Stories (and, in Asia, on Korean Snapchat-clone Snow), while growth on Snapchat had stagnated. Around the same time, talent managers and analytics providers told TechCrunch they’d seen anywhere from a 20 to 50 percent decrease in story views since Instagram Stories hit the scene.
The White House’s top cybersecurity employee, Cory Louie, was reportedly forced to resign this week, according to The Atlantic’s Steve Clemons, as part of the Trump administration’s purge of Obama hires. Louie, who served as the White House’s chief information security officer, was the guy in charge of making sure that the president and his advisers don’t get hacked. It does’t sound like a … smooth departure, per ZDNet:
If that news isn’t encouraging, then you’ll be very pleased to know that, according to Axios, Republican politicians are using an encrypted-messaging app called Confide to share confidential missives. Axios’s sources described the app’s Snapchat-like, vanishing-messages feature, and the inability to easily take screenshots, as part of the near-leakproof appeal. Messages can only be read piecemeal by tracing them with your finger.
This is great, if your top concern is intra-government messages being hacked by nefarious third parties. If your top concern, on the other hand, is government transparency, well: Confide is not an approved communication method for conducting official government business, meaning that anyone using it to do so is violating the public-records guidelines.
Trump reportedly still has not parted with his old, unsecured Android phone, despite being issued a new phone by the Secret Service.
Louie’s specific job obligations were unspecified, but he was the person tasked with writing memos about security topics, such as how Obama could avoid getting hacked during his visit to Cuba last year. It’s unclear if anyone has replaced him, and the White House did not comment on the matter.
Their reasons? For many of these teens, Snapchat takes the number one spot simply because Snapchat invented the platform in the first place. “Instagram basically copied Snapchat,” Sam, a high schooler from North Carolina, said. “It’s kinda … stupid.” Cole said that the high level of popularity of Snapchat with his classmates makes Instagram Stories “irrelevant,” and he doesn’t see anything Instagram could do to make them feel like they needed to make the switch. “Stories just doesn’t seem like the function of Instagram,” Neira, a 19-year-old college freshman from New York, explained. “It was a kinda unnecessary add-on.”
While the introduction of Instagram Stories might have slowed engagement and growth on Snapchat on a large scale, it only seems to have galvanized the loyalty of Snapchat’s younger users. For them, Instagram borrowing from its competitor doesn’t seem like a savvy business move (which, clearly, it was), but rather a cheap play. “I think that people feel like Instagram just ripped off Snap Stories,” Verity, an 18-year-old college student in Massachusetts, told Select All. Emily, a high-school student in California, also acknowledged that the two apps serve the same purpose, but said she and her friends use Snapchat Stories exclusively. “I think it’s because Snapchat Stories have been here longer than Instagram Stories,” she said. “I’ve definitely heard a few jokes mocking Instagram for copying Snapchat,” Jillian added.
Of course, even if the two apps can stake out some independent territories, they both still have work to do. Snapchat has to figure out how to keep users Snapping and swiping while features like Instagram Stories and, down the road, Facebook Stories enable their much-larger user base to get similarly quick content on platforms they’re already using heavily. (Also Snap, as per last week’s IPO, still has to figure out how to actually turn a profit. The company lost $514.6 million last year.) Instagram, and by extension Facebook, is clearly happy to play Snapchat’s game — but faces its own problems: Multiple teens told Select All that, at this point, they didn’t see any feature that Instagram could introduce that would make them want to use it over Snapchat.
Cyrene Quiamco, a professional Snapchatter who racks up an annual six-figure salary for her expertise, says she’s not surprised to hear that teenagers are still clamoring for Snapchat, even while user engagement spikes on Instagram Stories. “It’s still the younger people,” she told Select All of the group she believes is Snapchat’s core audience. “The teens who have already established friends there.” She also said she’s not surprised Instagram Stories has been such a success with, well, non-teens. “There is a different audience for Instagram. You’ve got more people, like 20- to 30-years-olds, who established and grew their brands on Instagram,” she said. “These people might have tried to grow on Snapchat, but probably went back to Instagram [once it started offering the same feature as Snapchat].” (Interestingly, several interview subjects told Select All they prefer Snapchat because they find it easier to use and a better-designed feature than Instagram Stories, which will come as news to any 30something who’s opened up Snapchat and fruitlessly tried to swipe through it to figure out how to make it work.)
The tablet, a form popularized by iPad and Android tablets — like the Samsung Galaxy line — is dying. Apple is staying the course, and plans to bring out three new iPads this year, but even Cupertino has seen tablet sales slump, and iPads will likely see longer and longer upgrade cycles. Android tablets are increasingly rare, and most of the major players have just abandoned the field. Phones got bigger. Everyone got a tablet that was good enough, if they wanted one. And with companies like Amazon selling five Kindle Fires for whatever spare change you have in your pocket, most Android-tablet companies weren’t really able to make money off them.
Which, in a lot of ways, is too bad! I still like my old Nexus 7 tablet, if only for reading comics and watching movies on long plane flights, since my laptop battery would normally crap out. But the Nexus struggles to, say, play 3-D games like The Walking Dead or Geometry Wars 3, and chugs mightily if I want to watch a movie in Chrome, like I’m forced to do with Amazon Prime. Luckily for anyone who loves the larger screen of a tablet, but wants more power and processing speed, here comes the Samsung Chromebook Plus, a two-in-one convertible laptop born out of a collaboration between Samsung and Google. The Chromebook Plus technically runs on Chrome OS, but for all intents and purposes, it feels an awful lot like an Android tablet built for 2017.
On sale for $449, starting Sunday, February 12, the Samsung Chromebook Plus is a solid laptop that can turn into a very good tablet. Built out of an all-metal body, the Chromebook Plus feels much more substantial and, well, expensive than it actually is — and far beyond what you usually find in Chromebooks, which tend to stick to plastic. But it also manages to keep the weight down, coming in at a feathery 2.38 pounds. It has an impressive 2,400 x 1,600-pixel display, easily comparable to the screen on the (much more expensive) 2015-era MacBook Pro with retina display that I use for work — and the Chromebook’s screen can get absurdly bright, even in direct sunlight.
Two USB-C ports allow you to charge the Chromebook and set up second displays. And, unlike the new MacBook Pros, announced last year to a great flurry of posts from complaining Apple bloggers, the Chromebook supports microSD cards — which means you can substantially boost its 32 GB of onboard storage for not much money. The battery life is good — I used it for a full day of work and found it lasted a solid seven hours before needing a charge (thought it’s rated for eight hours of use). The speakers are nothing to write home about, and the included 4 GB of RAM is plenty for the computer, but isn’t go to blow your hair back, but for $449 you could easily buy a regular Windows laptop that didn’t hold up as well.
The big knock on Chrome OS has always been, rightfully, its poor app selection, with major gaps like the MS Office suite. The Samsung Chromebook Plus erases that, becoming one of the few Chromebooks on the market that can also use Android apps. This vastly increases what you can do with a Chromebook, from a huge increase in the number of games and productivity apps (you can run MS Word on your Chromebook laptop!). It’s not always a smooth transition — Android apps are still primarily built for a phone screen and touchscreen, and that shows when you’re attempting to use it just with a keyboard and touchpad or the included stylus – but it does a ton in making Chrome OS feel like it could actually be a competitor to Windows and MacOS. You’ll still sometimes wrestle with the fact that Chromebooks work best when used as cloud-computing machines, but you can bulk it up with offline apps to make it useful even if you don’t have a Wi-Fi connection. (Still, if I were going to make this my main machine, I’d probably invest in a mobile Wi-Fi hot spot of some sort.)
The included stylus allows you to either do basic image editing or draw directly on the tablet, made very fun with the included Art Canvas sketching app. (It should be noticed that there’s more latency between the stylus and screen compared to the Microsoft Surface or Apple iPad Pro — but both of those machines are about twice the price.) It’s still too big and too heavy to be used one-handed, so subway usage is out of the question, but I found it great for Amtrak trips or long bus rides, and perfect for on the couch. And, unlike a traditional tablet, when I need to write out something, I’m not hunting and pecking on a touchscreen keyboard, but able to flip the screen back over and type away.
Chromebooks have been a great value for a while, but the Samsung Chromebook Plus, thanks to a premium design, the ability to download Android apps, and its ability to seamlessly switch between being a laptop and being a tablet, is one of the growing line of Chromebooks that are just plain great. If I were a road warrior who spends a lot of time in Google Docs; a college student; or just someone who needed a machine for web browsing, word processing, and personal entertainment, I’d be aiming for a Chromebook Plus.
But this is all ignoring the best part of the Samsung Chromebook: when you flip the screen 360 degrees and turn it into a tablet. There have been two-in-one Chromebooks already, and even two-in-one Chromebooks that can run Android apps, but this machine really shines when using it in lean-back mode. Faced with a very, very long PDF to pore over, using the Plus in tablet mode was ideal for getting through everything. It was even better when using it to read books on the Kindle app, and the high-res screen truly shines when reading digitized comic books or watching movies.
Until very recently, most Chromebooks were cheap laptops that shunted a lot of the work and storage you’d do on your laptop into your browser. It was (and is) a big leap forward in how we think about our computers, acknowledging that, for most people, a laptop functions 90 percent of the time as a terminal to connect to the internet. But many Chromebooks still didn’t feel great to use — bad screens, flimsy bodies, and underpowered processors added up to laptops that might have been good for classrooms, but struggled in the real world.
Of course, these reports need to be taken with a grain of salt. While Instagram is growing at a faster rate than Snapchat, it still has a large lead in time spent per user. And while people in the business of social-media fame might note a decrease in story views, there’s still another larger, more important group of Snapchat users who seem to remain loyal — at least for now — to Evan Spiegel: The teenagers on whose stories and messages the service was built.
Of course, a lot can happen in a short time. One of Snapchat’s defining features, lenses — dog face, flower crown, rainbow vomit, that one that makes you look like an old person with excellent bone structure — isn’t even eighteen months old. Instagram may already be onto its next big thing: “Snap is mainly for stories,” Sam said. “Pretty much the only thing Instagram is good for is live video.”
(Note: My review unit was actually a Chromebook Pro, which is $549 and will be out in April. The only difference between the Plus and the Pro is the processor included, an Intel M3-6Y30 on the Pro and an ARM-based OP1 Hexa-core on the Plus. The processor included with the Plus, more commonly seen on phones, seems hardy enough to stand up to most tasks you’ll throw at it, though something like video editing or high-end 3-D gaming is out of reach. But since I wasn’t able to test it, I can’t say exactly how much you can throw at it before it’ll start to chug. On the flip side, some of the problems I experienced with certain apps running on the Pro are partly because Android apps on Chrome are still in beta, and partly because the Pro is running an Intel chip, which seems to give some Android apps fits. I’ll be reviewing the Pro separately when it releases in April.)
It’s worth noting that while these teenagers aren’t posting their own Instagram Stories, many of them will watch a story posted by an account they’re following. “Most of them are from celebrities and brands and dogs,” Jenna said. “I see a lot of people using both and posting the same thing on both. Even the filters [so you can tell it was originally a Snapchat Story],” Anna explained. This might reveal, to some extent, a bifurcation of uses for the two platforms: Instagram, a platform to follow public figures, brands, celebrities, and meme accounts; and Snapchat, to follow — and message with — well, your friends.
President Trump and Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe met in the White House today at the start of two days of talks between the two leaders. The men began with a seated handshake in the Oval Office. Actually, handshake might not be the right word. An extended period of uncomfortable-looking hand-holding might be a more apt description.
This winter, I tried out nearly two dozen pairs of wireless headphones for a series of reviews, all of them running Bluetooth 4.0 or 4.1. From my testing, I had two main takeaways: (1) Wireless headphones can be a tremendous convenience — getting rid of that dangling wire feels great, whether you’re riding the subway, working out, or just cleaning up around the house; (2) getting wireless Bluetooth headphones to work can be a tremendous pain in the ass.
Pairing, across the board, was a chore. Certain headphones would simply stop being recognized by certain devices, and determining whether it was my headphones or my laptop or my phone causing the problem was a fun exercise in restarting each device and waiting. And while every set I tested worked great while I was inside, as soon as I stepped out the front door, I’d experience audio breakup — without the walls to bounce the Bluetooth radio signals off of, and with my water-filled body (don’t judge) blocking what signals could stretch from my phone to my headphones, I experienced signal loss unless I placed the phone in a shirt or jacket pocket directly next to my headphones.
Let’s take a moment to talk about the headphones themselves. The Beats line may be hugely popular, but it has a bad reputation among audiophiles for being overpriced for the amount of sound quality you get. The Beats X bucks that trend, with its 8mm drivers ditching Beats’ usual bass-heavy sound profile for something that feels richer along every bit of the audio spectrum. You can still get that good rumble going on, and deep-bass kicks still punch nicely, but it’s not as overpowering as other Beats headphones I’ve used, allowing you to hear the full range of every song. It comes with a variety of earbud tips to ensure a proper fit, and even comes with some winged options to help them lock in if you plan to use them while working out (they’re water-resistant but not waterproof, which should be fine for all but the sweatiest of people).
When Apple erased the 3.5mm headphone jack from its new iPhone last September, it promised frustrated consumers that the jack would be replaced with something better than standard Bluetooth: headphones using its new, proprietary W1 chip. The W1 chip has been available in Beats Solo 3 Wireless (on-ear headphones), Power Beats 3 (workout headphones), AirPods (Apple’s no-wires-at-all earbuds), and now the Beat X earbuds (just regular old earbuds), available for sale today at $149.95. And, thanks to the W1 chip, Apple has indeed delivered on something better than Bluetooth. The downside? It’ll only work with Apple products.
But when it comes to pairing and performance outside, the Beats X really shine. Like other headphones with the W1 chip, you just turn them on and hold them next to an iOS 10 device (an iPhone or iPad works) and they’re paired. That pairing is also shared with any other devices you share an iCloud account with, and it’s easy to switch between devices, much more so than with traditional Bluetooth. When using them indoors, I found I could go much farther before audio started to cut out; casual testing showed them with about a 30-foot range. I experienced almost no audio breakup at all outside, without needing to keep the phone as close to the headphones as possible. I even was able to keep my iPhone in my bag without glitches, something that would render other wireless headphones useless.
I’ve enjoyed the AirPods; rumors of them flying out of your ears at the slightest provocation haven’t been true for me. But the sound remains average, and I still worry about misplacing one of them in my pocket if I’m being careless or am in a hurry. If you’re going to get a pair of headphones with a W1 chip inside — and if you’re an iPhone user who wants that wireless lifestyle, I think you should — I’d recommend the Beats X as your headphone of choice.
The Beats X also benefit by being charged by a Lightning cord instead of a micro-USB cord, like nearly every other wireless headphone on the market. This means you can quickly top off your headphones with power in just a few minutes. The claim is one hour of playtime after five minutes of charging, and while I wasn’t able to really nail down the accuracy of that claim, I did find that after running them dry, I was able to charge them while taking a shower and have them last my entire 75-minute commute — something I have not experienced with other wireless headphones. Fully charged, they get eight hours of battery life — a good amount, though other wireless headphones can exceed that.
Technically, the Beats X can also work with any Bluetooth-enabled device, but I’d recommend against buying them unless you’re running something on iOS. Right now, only Apple and Beats products have the W1 chip, and there’s no indication that’ll change. My hope is that eventually Apple will license out the W1 chip, or other manufacturers will find a standard to match it, because the tech is miles ahead of where Bluetooth is right now.
The handshake went on for about 30 seconds, and Trump reportedly complimented Abe’s “strong” handshake afterward. Which … yeah nope, I got nothing.
It’s a shame xoJane is no more. Prime Minster Abe could team up with Trump’s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch for a co-byline on “It Happened to Me: President Trump Shook My Hand for a Really, Really Long Time.”
Back in September, Danielle Bregoli, an “out of control” 13-year-old, called the live audience at a taping of The Dr. Phil Show a bunch of “hoes” for laughing at her. In that moment, a new meme catchphrase, “Cash me outside, howbow dah,” was born, and Bregoli’s viral star began to rise. The clip picked up steam this winter, and by early February, Bregoli was everywhere you looked online. On sweatshirts (which she’s selling). In a music video. And streaming live on Facebook. Today, Bregoli and her mother returned for another dramatic episode with Dr. Phil.
If your saw Bregoli’s original episode, you pretty much have a good understanding of what her new interview looks like … a lot of arguing between Phil, Bregoli, and her mom. (Though one major change: This time around, there is no audience of “hoes.”) The best moment of the episode lasts just a few seconds and involves Bregoli telling Dr. Phil, “I made you just like how Oprah made you. You were nothing before I came on this show.” Phil, to his credit, simply thanks her.
To bastardize a Kanye West lyric: “I made that Phil famous.”
A federal appeals court refused to reinstate Donald Trump’s travel ban, and he took his frustrations out on Twitter. The threat, ‘SEE YOU IN COURT,’ quickly became a viral meme.
The newly minted secretary of Education posted a photo of her new office on Twitter and lightheartedly asked, “Where do I find the pencils?” The question struck a nerve — and reawakened a few grizzly-bear memes at the same time.
Earlier Sunday morning, the U.S. Department of Education tweeted a picture of W.E.B. Du Bois — a civil-rights activist, scholar, and co-founder of the NAACP — along with a quote from Du Bois about the importance of education. There was just one problem: The quote was attributed to “W.E.B. DeBois,” which, well, isn’t how you spell Du Bois.
Needless to say, people noticed. Fast.
Several hours of roasting later, the Department of Education issued an apology tweet, which also didn’t go exactly as intended, since it offered up the Department of Education’s “deepest apologizes” instead of “deepest apologies.”
That tweet has been deleted and the Department of Education has since tweeted a new, typo-less, apology.
Third time is the charm with spelling. That’s what we teach kids in public schools these days, right?
Before we get into the future of Wojak, let’s look back. Wojak, alternatively known as Feels Guy, is a black-and-white MS-Paint creation with a perpetual expression of “pained but dealing with it.” In the memescape, he and Pepe are pictured as best friends and partners in crime. So that’s Wojak.
Much of 2016 — some might say too much — was spent debating the evolution of Pepe, the cartoon frog originally created by Matt Furie that became a kind of meme mascot for neo-reactionary anime Nazis. If that first sentence hasn’t made you want to crawl into a ditch and wait for the earth to reclaim your body, then you might be interested in knowing that Wojak, Pepe’s best friend on the memescape, has begun to evolve as well.
Over the past couple of months, a new use for Wojak has emerged in forums like 4chan and other web destinations frequented by people who consider themselves above the mainstream swill by dint of their long-standing virginity and/or affection for reactionary politics. Wojak has, in certain circles, come to exemplify channers’ opinions of their own intelligence.
Here, for instance, is a thread (archived from 4chan on 4plebs.org) kicked off by an image of Wojak with a small brain, captioned “>tfw conservative.” (That is: This image of Wojak with a small brain represents “t[hat] f[eeling] w[hen you’re] conservative.”) In response, an image of Wojak with a brain so large that he can use it as an armchair has been attached with the caption “>tfw you’re too intelligent to be a Liberal.”
This is the new state of online discourse — people literally arguing about the size of their brains and backing it up with ridiculous illustrations. Here are some more images gleaned from various 4chan threads.
Wojak’s brain variations have collided now with another meme known as Whomst, which involves aggressively ornate, nonsensical variants of the word “whom,” as a way of implying pretentiousness. (A running joke online is that, because the word “whom” sounds smarter, the question “whom tryna send me nudes” will get more responses as well.)
This includes apostrophe-laden vocabulary such as “whomst,” “whomst’d,” “whomst’d’ve,” “whomst’d’ve’nt,” and “whomst’d’ve’ly’yaint’nt’ed’ies’s’y’es.”
In short, Wojak has turned the internet’s constant debate over who is more intelligent into a dick-measuring contest, one in which the truly intelligent have brains so large that they grow outside the skull and take a human form, so one can literally have sex with one’s own brain. It’s a pretty decent illustration of the online discourse in 2017.
Sonos became the latest tech company to boost prices in the U.K., announcing on its website it will be raising prices by 25 percent on its line of in-home wireless-speaker systems for buyers in the United Kingdom, starting February 23. So if you live in the U.K. and have been on the fence about a Sonos, maybe buy one now?
As Sonos alludes to, the premium wireless-home-audio company isn’t alone in being forced to raise prices in the U.K., as the pound continues to slump against the dollar after the Brexit referendum in June of 2016. Apple announced similar price hikes on various products late last year, including the eye-watering price hike of its base MacBook from £999 ($1,250) to £1,449 ($1,876). The list price of a base MacBook in the U.S. is currently $1,299. In January, even apps in the App Store felt the hit, with the standard price of an app going from 79 pence (99 cents USD) to 99 pence (or about $1.29 USD).
“Our prices are defined regionally. In the UK, this includes local taxation and import duties, but we pay for everything we make in US dollars,” says Sonos in a explanation on its support page. “Over recent months, there has been a significant change on the US Dollar to GBP exchange rate. As a result, our existing pricing has become unsustainable and, like many other companies, we have to increase prices for all products priced in GBP.”
Tesla did the same, raising the price of its entry-level Model S from £58,900 (or $73,727) to £61,845 (or $77,413). The Model S list price in the U.S. is $68,000.
Brits, for their part, are understandably not hugely pleased by the news.
For American consumers, it may not mean much (except that British tourists may be more inclined to load up on high-end electronics while visiting). American consumers are more insulated from these currency swings, even while we go through President Trump’s wild political ride; the U.S. dollar is likely to remain strong, especially as the Feds slowly raise interest rates.
Then again, we have a president who reportedly calls retired Lieutenant General and noneconomist Michael Flynn at 3 a.m. to ask if a strong U.S. dollar is good or bad for the economy. So, uh, anything can happen! Fun times.
One of the many perks of membership at Mar-a-Lago, the Palm Beach club owned by President Trump, is a front-row seat to delicate international incidents. Over the weekend, President Trump entertained a Japanese delegation at “the Winter White House” (which, in the wake of the election, doubled its membership fee to $200,000), and in full view of private guests, addressed the launch of a North Korean missile alongside Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe. According to CNN, “Trump took the call [about the incident] on a mobile phone at his table, which was set squarely in the middle of the private club’s dining area.”
Over Instagram DMs, Bain said, “It was a great evening. President Trump was sitting at the table having dinner with the prime minister. The table was roped off. We were sitting right near them. I went up to the rope and he was more than happy to smile for a photo!”
But you don’t need to take CNN’s word for it! You just need to find the Facebook and Instagram accounts of some of Mar-a-Lago’s well-heeled members. Among the many concerning aspects of the story is the fact that this emergency diplomatic conference happened in a crowded room full of private guests, some of whom decided to post on social media about it.
I asked Bain what the vibe (my term) was like. Apparently, “It was a great vibe. They [Trump and Abe] were deep in conversation the whole time,” aided by a translator.
All of this is, needless to say, incredibly insecure. It’s not just that using your smartphone as a flashlight means pointing your phone’s camera directly at classified documents (the Secret Service, if you recall, does not like the president to have a phone with any camera at all), or that it’s absurd to have a diplomatic meeting about a matter of nuclear security out in the middle of a public dining room — it’s that doing so in an age of mass social media means that every security misstep is instantly and immediately made globally public. Who needs CNN’s hours-later recap of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago confab when you can just follow a few Mar-a-Lago members on Instagram and Twitter and Facebook and be treated to a front-row view of Trump’s diplomatic process — and learn at the same time the name and face of the man carrying the single most important suitcase in America?
Asked whether she thought it was weird that private citizens would be able to get so close to the president while he conducted official state business, she replied, “No not at all.”
Another guest decided to publicly identify the military official tasked with carrying “the football,” the briefcase containing the nuclear codes.
Erika Bain, who attended the gathering, snapped an amazing photo of Trump smiling slightly, his face at peace as his advisers swarm around him (her account is now private). It’s quickly gone viral as an on-the-nose encapsulation of Trump’s presidency. You can find other photos of the event on Instagram’s Mar-a-Lago geotag.
President Lincoln is famous for a fair number of things he said. “A house divided against itself cannot stand,” to name one. That whole “four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new nation,” to name another. Unfortunately, Donald Trump (or rather, Donald Trump’s social team) decided not to go with either of those chestnuts for a birthday Instagram post honoring Lincoln. Instead, they went with, “And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” Which, while a nice enough sentiment, isn’t actually a thing President Lincoln ever said.
The quote, which Trump’s post attributes to Lincoln, reportedly traces back to an advertisement for a book about aging written in the 1940s by one Dr. Edward Stieglitz, according to The Hill, which first spotted the gaffe. Ah, the power of compelling copy. (Not for nothing, the Stieglitz quote is among the first listed if you Google “Abraham Lincoln quotes,” so the Trump administration definitely isn’t the first to screw this up.) Despite multiple comments from people on Instagram pointing out the error, the picture and the attribution remain up. “Is Abraham Lincoln the name of some greeting card company,” writes one commenter. “Because the President didn’t say that.”
Elon Musk, the SpaceX and Tesla CEO who wants man to move to Mars or die trying, reiterated today that he believes the future of humanity involves us becoming, well, less human and more bot. In a talk given at the UAE Tesla launch at the World Government Summit in Dubai, Musk told the audience, “over time I think we will probably see a closer merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence.” You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
According to Musk, the largest problem for humans is the speed at which we communicate. On a good day, a human can communicate — via typing on computers — at 10 bits per second, CNBC reports, while a computer clocks in at a trillion bits in the same amount of time. (This isn’t the first time Musk has discussed the topic, he talked about “neural laces,” an as-yet-nonexistent hybridization of computers with human brain power, last year.) “It’s mostly about the bandwidth, the speed of the connection between your brain and the digital version of yourself, particularly output,” Musk said. So a “merger” between man and bot would “achieve a symbiosis between human and machine intelligence, and maybe solves the control problem and the usefulness problem.” Can’t wait to see how many words per minute we can all type once we hack our brains.
The next iteration of the iPhone is still shrouded in mystery, but there’s some general agreement about what dedicated Apple fans can expect to be announced this fall: Two upgrades to the current models — an iPhone 7s and an iPhone 7s Plus — and a new tier of premium phone, the bezel-free, nearly-all-screen iPhone 8 (or, possibly, iPhone X). So, what can we expect beyond that?
First, it seems very possible that Apple is planning to roll out wireless charging with its newest phone. This weekend, the company became officially listed as a member of the Wireless Power Consortium, a group that sets standards for using the Qi inductive-charging system sans a charging cable. (If you own an Apple Watch, you’re already using inductive charging to power your watch back up.) Inductive charging has been available for plenty of Android phones for a few years now, but doesn’t seem to be something most users care about. If the rumor is true, it’ll be interesting to see how much this is a selling point for iPhone users — wireless charging is great for bedside or desktop use, not so much for on-the-go charging.
Second, MacRumors has information from KGI’s usually very reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who outlines a bit more about the iPhone 8. Per Kuo, the iPhone 8 will actually be smaller than the iPhone 7 Plus, coming in at the same size as the iPhone 7, 4.7 inches. But it will also pack a much more powerful battery, roughly comparable to the 2,700mAH battery the current iPhone 7 Plus uses. The smaller size can probably be explained by the rumor that Apple plans to expand the actual screen size by removing the bezels on the iPhone 8 — if you don’t need the top and bottom bezels eating up space, you can have a lot more screen display in a smaller physical form factor. More interesting is that this larger battery, combined with an OLED screen, could mean a much longer battery life. OLED screens can be more energy-efficient overall because they only need to power individual pixels that need to be lit up, unlike LCD smartphone screens which require a full-panel backlight.
So, how much will this sleek phone cost you? Fast Company’s Mark Sullivan claims that “a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans” is indicating the phone could cost over $1,000. After all, Sullivan points out, the most expensive iPhone on the market, the 256 GB iPhone 7 Plus, retails for $969. And that phone doesn’t have an OLED screen, wireless charging, or whatever new features Apple will end up unveiling.
I’m personally a little skeptical of this; OLED screens are difficult to source, but if there’s something Apple is good at, it’s establishing supply chains and economies of scale that work out in its favor. (For instance, news broke today that Apple and Samsung Display have struck a deal for Samsung Display to provide a total of 160 million OLED displays.) There’s no doubt that the top-of-the-line iPhone will end up costing you a bit, but if I were going to wager on a price, I’d look to what Samsung was attempting to charge for the Galaxy Note 7 before it started going boom: something in the area of $850 to $899. People love iPhones, but Apple likely understands there’s a certain psychological barrier that would kick in when asking customers to cough up four figures for a smartphone, no matter how pretty, long-lasting, or life-changing it may be.
One way to make sure it stays under that price point? Japanese site Mac Otakara says the next generation of iPhones won’t include a 3.5mm-to-Lightning dongle in the box. Hope you’re ready for that brave new wireless world.
Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau and President Trump met today at the White House, where the two leaders were set to discuss trade, security, and women in the workplace. The day’s events included a photo op in the Oval Office, during which Trump offered his hand to Trudeau for a shake. Trudeau took him up on the proffered hand, but not before a photographer could snap a meme-worthy image of Trudeau looking like he was making a mental pro/con list on whether or not to take Trump’s hand.
Congrats to Trudeau for managing to avoid the half-a-minute-long handshake from hell that Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe experienced last week in those same yellow Oval Office chairs. Ten points for Canada.
Sarah Holder is a high-school student from Kansas with, apparently, some very nosy neighbors. On Sunday, Holder was out driving when her neighbor Amy’s husband, Randy, spotted her and thought he saw her smoking “a cigar of some sort.” Amy proceeded to text Sarah, who babysits for Amy and Randy’s kids, BuzzFeed reports, chastising her for smoking where kids on their street might see. Except Sarah says she wasn’t smoking. Instead, she claims she was eating a taquito, which she explained to Amy in a text she later tweeted to the tune of 56,000 retweets.
Amy, mind your own business. Sarah, please be careful eating and driving. You wouldn’t want those impressionable neighbor children to get any bad ideas.
Wikipedia’s greatest appeal, and its greatest danger, is that anybody with access to the internet can make edits. This means you get both the knowledge base of the masses (great) and the opportunity for those masses to lie, troll, and cyberbully each other (less great). That freedom makes it a good place to study trolling and online toxicity, and to discover some surprising new ideas about how the internet works. A new study from Jigsaw (an Alphabet-owned tech incubator) and the Wikimedia Foundation shows that the bulk of personal attacks came from a select group of registered users, rather than from totally anonymous users.
As chief official White House photographer, Pete Souza spent nearly a decade behind the camera documenting Barack Obama’s presidency. On Inauguration Day 2017, Souza wiped his old Instagram account clean and launched a new one for his new life beyond 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. (Though not before sharing a few final, poignant shots of the Obamas saying goodbye.)
Using data from 100,000 Wikipedia comments made over nine years from 2004 to 2015, Jigsaw found that “approximately 30% of attacks come from registered users with over a 100 contributions.” A personal attack, as the name implies, is a comment directed at a specific person or party, like “you suck,” or “Bob sucks,” or even “Bob says Henri sucks.” (Though, if all these types of comments entailed were a lot of people who “sucked,” personal attacks probably wouldn’t be an issue for study.) While you might think anonymity would be a root cause for harassment online, the study found that “while anonymous contributions are much more likely to be an attack, overall they contribute less than half of attacks.” Statistically, “much more likely” translated to six times more likely [to be an attack].
Unfortunately, the study also found that attacking comments often inspire other attacking comments from different users; an attacking comment is 22 times more likely to appear near another attacking comment. “These results suggest the problems associated with personal attacks do not have an easy solution,” the study concludes, recommending that further study and more stringent moderation could help the problem. A nonsolution which, if you’re a person who has spent any time online, should leave you nodding your head up and down and mumbling, “of course.”
Swedish gamer PewDiePie (known IRL as Felix Kjellberg) is the most famous and highest-paid YouTuber in the world. His videos have yielded billions of views and millions of followers, and helped him earn $15 million in 2016. But next year’s figure could be significantly lower following a report from The Wall Street Journal that Disney is ending its deal with PewDiePie for recent anti-Semitic content in his videos. Prior to today, PewDiePie worked with Disney via a joint venture with the Maker Studios, a digital video network that Disney bought in 2014. Though Kjellberg maintained “editorial independence” with Maker Studios, a representative said his anti-Semitic references “went too far” and deemed the videos “inappropriate.”
According to the report, PewDiePie posted a now-deleted video on January 11, which included two men he paid to make and hold up a sign reading “Death to All Jews.” After reviewing his channel, the Journal found that the YouTuber had “posted nine videos that include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery” between August 2016 and today. Other videos — some of which PewDiePie has also removed from his channel — include one from January 22 featuring a man dressed as Jesus saying, “Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong.” Select All has reached out to PewDiePie and will update this post if we hear back.
While Google removed advertisements — effectively negating PewDiePie’s ability to monetize a given video on YouTube — from the January 11 “Death to All Jews” video before it was pulled (by Kjellberg, not by YouTube), the Journal also reports that the other nine videos containing anti-Semitic content are still live on the site with functional ads.
While he may have left the political world — Souza’s Instagram bio describes his current role as ‘TBD” — Souza isn’t quietly slipping back into everyday life. Instead, he’s using his new Instagram to repost old photos from the Obama years; photos that, for some reason, suddenly feel ultrarelevant, and might just make you pine for 2008. (Think shots of Obama meeting with the same world leaders President Trump has been meeting with in recent days and weeks.) Not to mention, Souza’s got a real knack for subtlety. His captions manage to say very little while packing a heck of a punch.
On Trump’s administration reportedly struggling to find the Cabinet Room light switches.
On the number of women in the Trump administration.
On Prime Minister Abe’s visit to the White House.
On Prime Minister Trudeau’s visit to the White House.
On Trump discussing national-security concerns publicly while at Mar-a-Lago.
While that’s all from Shade Master Souza’s Instagram for now, it seems likely they’ll be plenty more where those came from. He did spend eight years with the Obamas after all, and Trump’s term has only just begun.
Here’s the trailer for Apple’s Planet of the Apps, which is like Shark Tank but for product managers, and there are some famous celebs involved. Is it possible to be too excited? Developers have to pitch their earthshaking app idea to “four of the world’s most culturally influential entrepreneurs.” Those entrepreneurs are Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, will.i.am, and … Gary Vaynerchuk. Sure!
“You’ve completely sold me on the tech advantage,” Vaynerchuk tells a guy with hair that is, frankly, too big. No clue what the tech advantage is here.
“Developers are the rock stars of right now,” declares Davos-attendee will.i.am, incorrectly.
“I have that gut and that intuition, and so far, it’s been right,” asserts Jessica Alba, whose Honest Company has been sued multiple times for misleading products, and which issued a voluntary recall for its baby powder just last month.
“As consumers of news, we have a real trust issue,” says Gwyneth Paltrow, a comrade in the fight against fake news. She also sells $185 jean shorts.
Developers have 60 seconds to make [long exhale] an “escalator pitch” to the panel. If selected, they are then mentored by the celebs, or Gary Vaynerchuk, who I bet are very hands-on. They also get advice from special guests from companies like Yelp and Uber, which is having a great moment currently.
But then there’s a second twist that is actually pretty good. After the app is complete, they have to pitch it again to a venture-capital firm — in this case, Lightspeed Venture Partners. If you have ever wanted to see Oscar winner Gwyneth Paltrow answer questions like “what’s your burn rate,” then this is definitely the show for you.
And, duh doy, you will be able to download the apps once they’re placed front and center in Apple’s App Store. Planet of the Apps will be available only on Apple Music later this year.
One of the most iconic phones ever released is coming back. HMD Global Oy, the Finnish company that finally ended up with the Nokia brand name after Microsoft bought and then stripped Nokia’s mobile division for parts, says it plans to announce a new version of the Nokia 3310 at the Mobile World Congress, set to be held in Barcelona at the end of the month.
Phone-leaker Evan Blass has the scoop at VentureBeat:
Released in September of 2000, the Nokia 3310 was a little brick of a phone with a battery life that could extend for over a week. It sold astoundingly well — 126 million total units worldwide — at a time when cell-phone adoption was just beginning to take off, meaning it was the first cell phone for millions of people. Its distinctive 13-note ringtone is Proust’s madeleine for the early aughts: listen to it and instantly be transported back to playing Snake and T-9 texting. Plus, it was famously, absurdly tough. As its legend has grown, it’s been shot, blown up, run over by a tank, and turned into a meme.
There’s no word what a “modern version” of the 3310 would look like, though Nokia (and other manufacturers) have started releasing “dumb phones” that ditch internet connectivity, apps, cameras, and pretty much everything you find in most smartphones, leaving you with just a dial pad, a small screen, a speaker, and a microphone. If you can’t wait for the re-release and just want to get away from checking your email all the time, push notifications, and that anxious feeling of “God, I really should get a picture of this,” you’re in luck. There are plenty of Nokia 3310s of very dubious provenance (i.e., possibly fake) available for about $20 on eBay right now.
The latest in a string of less-than-great news for augmented-reality start-up Magic Leap, Tannen Campbell, a former executive for the start-up, is suing her ex-employer for sexual discrimination. According to a report from The Guardian, Campbell, who previously served as Magic Leap’s vice-president for strategic marketing and brand identity, was asked to present on the gender-diversity problem at the company. But it was months before her presentation reached higher-ups, and Campbell says CEO Rony Abovitz left midway through.
The suit also brings up a number of sexists comments and experiences the women encountered while working at Magic Leap, “in IT we have a saying; stay away from the Three Os: Orientals, Old People and Ovaries.” The women also described “core app,” which included a single female character, who “is a busty woman depicted on her knees grovelling at the heroes’ feet in admiration.” For Magic Leap, the suit is just the latest in a string of less-than-ideal news about the company, including reports Magic Leap has seriously oversold what its products can really do, that the company is hustling to get a prototype ready in time for an upcoming board meeting, and that time Beyoncé was shown a demo and was “bored” by it.
The PewDiePie reckoning is finally upon us. In the wake of a report from The Wall Street Journal yesterday, which highlighted a number of anti-Semitic jokes that appeared recently in PewDiePie’s videos, Disney dropped the world’s most successful video-game YouTuber — known offline as Felix Kjellberg — from its web-celebrity production company, Maker Studios. This morning, YouTube announced it was canceling the second season of Scare PewDiePie, which is only available on its premium service, YouTube Red; and it was also removing him from the tier of YouTubers that have access to the service’s best advertisers.
From the Journal’s report:
In one video, “Kjellberg showed a man dressed as Jesus Christ saying, ‘Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong.’”
Even before news broke yesterday that Disney was dropping him, Kjellberg attempted to address the brouhaha in a Tumblr post over the weekend.
These poorly conceived attempts at shock humor, sprinkled over videos dating back nearly six months, eventually earned him the attention of neo-reactionaries and white-supremacist websites such as the Daily Stormer. This isn’t new ground, exactly — white nationalists have made a habit of finding heroes in high-profile figures like Taylor Swift and Tom Brady — but it’s easier to blame PewDiePie for attracting their attention, given that he, you know, made a series of anti-Semitic jokes.
In a subplot that particularly emphasizes the new-economy insanity of the entire saga, Kjellberg had also used the website Fiverr, which provides small financial incentives for completing certain tasks, to hire two men to make and display a sign reading “Death to All Jews.” Upon seeing footage of the completed task, Kjellberg remarked, “I didn’t think they would actually do it.” (On Twitter, Kjellberg implored Fiverr to reinstate the account of his unwitting prank victims.)
Campbell is joined by another female ex-employee, Rachna Bhasin, who led an internal Magic Leap group the two were part of known as the “female brain trust initiative” (FBI). From The Guardian:
Kjellberg also took down three of the controversial videos.
More surprising than PewDiePie’s sudden fall from YouTube grace is the fact that it took this long for the big brands on which he relies for sponsorship to become disenchanted with his gamer-culture brand of humor. It’s far from Kjellberg’s first envelope-pushing gag. Last year, his Twitter account was briefly suspended after he joked about joining ISIS, and in December, he sarcastically theorized that YouTube was suppressing his viewership numbers because he is white.
As my colleague Jesse Singal described last year:
But the boundary between ironically deploying hate speech and actually meaning it is, at best, blurry, and to the people affected by that speech, essentially nonexistent.
Many of PewDiePie’s young gaming fans, literate in the ways of channer culture but maybe lacking in life experience, are likely to tell you that he was joking. This is, after all, the second step in the game: After you get criticized for making off-color, offensive, or hateful statements, brush them off as jokes that only normies, cucks, and snowflake SJWs might be offended by.
Is this the end of PewDiePie? Unlikely. Kjellberg is participating in a time-honored cycle. He (1) does something for lulz, (2) is (rightly) pressured to apologize, because lulz don’t scale to a subscriber base of more than 50 million viewers, and soon (3) he or some of his fans will gripe about the fact that they had to apologize at all, that they ticked off someone who was never going to get the joke in the first place but still wandered into their playpen. He’s still got his channel and his online celebrity. He’s walked back his comments and probably learned some lesson about being a shithead on public display. There are plenty of companies that will still pay him to feature their products. And, at some point soon, this whole cycle will start over again with someone else.
In fact, this is the central tension between the growing, overlapping communities of gamers and channers and the big companies that would like to profit from their size. Chan culture is “pure” irony: A given image or phrase — or video of an anti-Semitic joke — means everything and nothing all at once, and channers and gamers will deny or destabilize any attempt to pin a particular meaning or set of beliefs to it. Responsibility or ownership over actions or speech essentially doesn’t exist in a world dominated by anonymous speakers trying to one-up each other for lulz. At the other end of the spectrum, profit-minded corporate brands have no room at all for irony in their understanding of the world and communication: Every phrase or symbol — or video of an anti-Semitic joke — can only have one meaning (the one understood by the bulk of the population). Because there are actual costs for malfeasance and misstep, brands and their managers are instilled with a sense of terrified responsibility for the actions and speech of themselves and their affiliates.
How do you build a smartphone for a president? It’s a tricky question, made trickier by the man who’ll be using it. President Trump, after all, is really only the second president to come into office during the era of omnipresent smartphones. President Obama was forced to give up his Blackberry for a severely curtailed device, and was none too happy about it. While President Trump was issued a similarly locked-down device when he took office, both a New York Times report from inside the White House and Trump’s own Twitter timeline seem to indicate that he continues to use his personal Android phone — thought to be either a Samsung S3 or S4.
Let’s be generous and assume Trump is using the more modern Samsung S4. That means the newest version of Android he could be running is 5.0.1, released in 2015, which is still vulnerable to things like Stagefright 2.0 — a truly nasty Android exploit that allows malicious users to embed a media file in webpage, which gives them near-complete control over a victim’s phone.
That makes it trivially easy to hack the phone of one of the most powerful people on the planet, says Nicholas Weaver, a computer-security researcher at the International Computer Science Institute at the University of Berkeley, California. “You tweet at POTUS, ‘Proof that lying press distorts crowd size,’” says Weaver. “Something that gets his attention. It is literally a matter of enticing him to click on a link or visit a page that you’ve already compromised the advertisement on, and that’s it. It’s no longer his phone — it’s yours. You can turn on the microphone. You can turn on the GPS and track his movement. You can do all sorts of things.”
For Weaver, that ideally means that Trump would have one device for making calls, and another for issuing tweets. “Ideally, it might be like a Nokia candy-bar,” says Weaver. You want a device without everything that makes a smartphone “smart” — no web browser, no camera, no GPS, and no ability to tweet. “It has a microphone, has the speaker, but it’s hopefully hard to compromise and turn into a bug,” says Weaver. With a phone that’s effectively walled off from the internet, the number of potential exploits is greatly reduced.
(Trump has reportedly been issued a Boeing Black, a phone developed for handling information classified as top secret, but it’s unclear whether he’s actually using it. Boeing declined to comment on who is using the phone and whether the phone is capable of sending tweets.)
Up next would be making sure the president can tweet in safety. “We can build him a device that would allow him to tweet to his heart’s content, but would mitigate the damage” if the device were compromised, says Weaver. “Hell, we can use something horribly insecure like his Galaxy.”
You would take this second device and, again, remove much of its functionality. You’d take out the microphone, the speaker, the GPS device, and the cellular connection, forcing the device to only connect to Twitter via Wi-Fi. “A student in the class suggested removing the camera, which is a brilliant idea,” says Weaver.
The solution? “We remove the web browser from the phone,” says Weaver. Trump’s tweeting device would have no actual web browser on it; instead, it would display web pages that were actually being loaded by a remote machine. “The phone, rather than browsing the web, is actually connected to a separate computer, a virtual machine, that does the web browsing. So if you compromise that, you don’t gain control over his Twitter account. You only gain control over the web browser.”
Weaver has been co-teaching a course on advanced networking at Berkeley this semester, where one of the topics in class was how to make a “Trump-proof” phone. Here’s what Weaver recommends.
In order for this to work, President Trump would need to be able to carry out his job. “We have to still allow him to conduct his workflow,” says Weaver. “And for him, his workflow is sending tweets and receiving phone calls from people off the books. And we need to be able to preserve that functionality while removing the functionality that could make a compromised phone a bug sending all the data to the Kremlin.”
Weaver envisions that a separate, remote virtual machine for Trump’s Twitter client as well. In both cases, the idea is to limit the damage if someone manages to worm their way into somewhere they’re not supposed to be. Get at the president’s web browser, you can’t get at his Twitter account — and vice versa.
“At first, I just want to limit it so that if a bad dude takes over his phone, the only thing he can do is irate tweet,” says Weaver. “Because if a bad dude tweets as the president, they can do a fair amount of damage, but that is dwarfed in comparison to the damage that you can do with a bug in the president’s pocket.”
“By removing the microphone, camera, cell phone, etc., I’ve eliminated a bugging potential, and now he’s limited to a tweeting-and-web-surfing device,” says Weaver. “Now, I need to start thinking about how to make it so that he can still tweet, but make it more secure.”
Trump seems much more comfortable speaking to the public via Twitter than via press conferences. Someone gaining control of Trump’s Twitter account, even for the few minutes before Twitter locked everything down, could be disastrous.
Still, there’s the small matter that someone could gain access to Trump’s Twitter account, whether through social engineering or someone close to the administration, purely hypothetically, tweeting out the password to Trump’s Twitter account. (Trump likely has two-factor authentication turned on for this Twitter account, but Twitter’s two-factor authentication relies on SMS, and therefore is easily bypassed.)
Which is why Weaver recommends essentially creating a holding queue for Trump’s tweets. “This would make the White House staff so ecstatic. You modify his Twitter client so when he tweets, it doesn’t tweet. Instead, it forwards the tweet to the press secretary, who has five minutes to review it before it goes live. This mitigates the problem of someone compromising his Twitter client to tweet as him,” says Weaver. “And the problem of his tweets,” he adds.
And that, in sum, is how you allow Trump to continue to make phone calls and tweet, while instilling a modicum of cybersecurity on the commander-in-chief’s devices. In Weaver’s estimation, there’s only one possible flaw in the plan: Trump himself. “Unfortunately, proper information security sometimes means saying, ‘No, thou shalt not do that,’” says Weaver. “[With Trump], you have somebody who will not listen. What can you do?”
And this doesn’t get into the information-security nightmare of having open strategy sessions in unsecured Mar-a-Lago dining rooms, or having staffers point flashlights (and their phones’ cameras) at confidential documents. (“The Russians would certainly tip a Mar-a-Lago waiter better than Trump does,” cracks Weaver.)
But still, say that Trump (perhaps spurred by Senate Democrats, who are calling for an investigation into his use of a personal smartphone) decides to adopt something like Weaver’s plan. You still have to reckon with Trump’s continued use of that unsecured Samsung.
“It’s so easy to exploit, that you have to operate under the assumption that it has already been compromised — and has been compromised for months,” says Weaver. “There needs to be a damage assessment. People need to go back in time and go, ‘Huh, was he tweeting while I had conversations with him that would be important?’ What was said in the president’s presence when you could meaningfully expect him to have his phone in his hands?”
The real threat of Twitter for the president, after all, is not Twitter itself, but the links Trump could click while using the service. Exploits like Stagefright 2.0 still require the president to leave Twitter.
To anyone who has hung out even on the periphery of gaming circles online, the hate-speech/I’m-just-joking pirouette is extremely familiar. Online-gaming communities overlap heavily with the culture of anonymous, often-offensive message boards like 4chan. That channer culture is driven by the maxim of “doing it for the lulz.” That often means doing offensive things and using hate speech ironically in order to tick people off (otherwise known as triggering them).
This afternoon, following a particularly rough interview with Matt Lauer (of all people), Kellyanne Conway retweeted one of the seemingly few vocal Twitter users with something good to say about her. “Your strength and resiliency in face of vile hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left is a daily inspiration! Love you,” read a tweet from user @TrumpTrainNoBrk. Conway quote-tweeted them, adding “Love you back. Happy
The tweet, first reported by BuzzFeed, has since been deleted. BuzzFeed reports Conway claims to be “unsure” about exactly who can access her account. “I’ve never heard of Lib Hypocrisy [@TrumpTrainNoBrk] obviously,” she told BuzzFeed. “I denounce whoever it is. I’m going to find out who’s tweeting it. It will be immediately deleted. Everybody makes mistakes.” Of course, the real question here is who has access to her Twitter account and uses phrases like “hapless haters.” That ought to narrow down the suspect pool significantly.
If you made the mistake of reading the comments anywhere on Facebook this week, you might have been pleasantly surprised by what you found. It all depends on how you feel about a certain purple bird with a very pliable neck better known as Trash Dove. If you’re pro-Trash Dove, then Facebook was probably a pretty good hang for you this week. If you’re not, too bad, because there is no escaping the head-banging viral monster that is Trash Dove.
Happy Valentine’s Day! Do you own an Android? That’s fine, just be wary if you’re going to date somebody who isn’t also an Android owner. Turns out, iPhone owners are judgmental little punks when it comes to their date’s technological preferences.
According to a study from Match.com and Research Now, iPhone owners are 21 times more likely to negatively judge a date who owns an Android. By comparison, Android users are only 15 times more likely to negatively judge an iPhone owner. Match doesn’t give much detail into why this is, but we’ll assume that it’s mostly fueled by iPhone owners who want nothing to do with SMS-messaging a significant other.
The study also found that a cracked phone screen isn’t going to help your game. Women are 86 percent more likely to negatively judge a guy for having a shattered screen. Which is really bad news for all you cracked-screen-Android-owning dudes out there looking to date women with iPhones. Maybe try leaving your busted phone at home and making plans via a landline beforehand? Of 5,500 people surveyed, 29 percent said old-fashioned phone calls were a turn-on.
To fully understand how this weird GIF of a cartoon bird became the perfect response for anything anyone posts on Facebook, you need to understand Trash Dove’s origins. The bird is part of a set of Facebook stickers designed by Syd Weiler, an illustrator and Adobe creative resident. According to an interview with Weiler from PopDust, she actually created Trash Dove while streaming live on Twitch in September, after Apple announced stickers for messaging in iOS. “Facebook asked to put them on the site last month. But I didn’t expect anything like this,” she said. “I woke up on Thursday … I think, and everyone had tagged me in the joke videos. It was surreal.”
The “joke videos” she’s talking about hail from Thailand, where Trash Dove became an overnight sensation last week. One video in particular — an edit of Trash Dove and a dancing kitten with an overlay of pop music — gained over 3.5 million views in just a few days, and helped launch the stickers to their meme status, Know Your Meme reports.
“It all started in Thailand, actually — they have a joke about birds there, and it tied in there,” Weiler said. The joke, as explained by the Daily Dot, involves the Thai word for bird, nok, which has an alternate translation meaning “someone hopelessly single or suffering from unrequited love.” And honestly, just look at that doofy bird flapping its neck around. Makes perfect sense.
Trash Dove makeup tutorials.
And … whatever the heck this guy is doing in the name of Trash Dove.
Today, Trash Dove’s popularity has only continued to grow worldwide. There is Trash Dove fan art.
Meta-Trash-Dove memes.
Of course, since it’s been about a week since Trash Dove rose to internet fame, the backlash cycle has already begun. People are starting to get irritated by the endless stream of reply comments consisting solely of Trash Doves, and some are even proposing a ban. Which likely won’t happen — unless Mark Zuckerberg really hates these birds of peace for reasons unknown — but at least the fan art is still good.
Earlier this morning, political commentator Sally Kohn tweeted a “straightforward” list detailing what should happen to the Trump/Pence administration following new reports of collusion with Russia during the election. The steps included impeaching both the president and vice-president and ended, somehow, with electing Hillary Clinton.
Kohn was, in case it’s not clear, probably kidding: Her “plan” is neither “straightforward” nor, uh, constitutional. But she had, nonetheless, unleashed a new force of “straightforward” memes upon the world. All you need is a list of steps, any steps, and you’re in business. A very straightforward and logical business.
Straightforward from here: this meme runs its course and joins Dat Boi in death.
This morning, as he does on most days, President Trump emerged from his slumber, hoisted his Android phone into the air, and dashed off a handful of angry tweets: “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred,” read one. “@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
Trump’s obsession with cable news is well-known. But what’s become increasingly clear over the last few months is how important that obsession is to the president’s daily Twitter pronouncements: Whatever appears onscreen on the shows President Trump is watching — the aforementioned Fox & Friends and MSNBC’s Morning Joe seem to be his favorites — becomes a Twitter talking point for the leader of the free world moments later. Thanks to down-to-the-minute time stamps, Twitter reveals that the country is being led not just by a dyspeptic bully, but a dyspeptic bully whose public pronouncements are driven by the daily vapidities of cable news.
His tweets come just a half-hour after a Fox News segment on flag burning.
At 6:55 a.m., President-elect Trump becomes incensed about flag burning on college campuses, threatening to make the exercise of free speech a crime.
It’s become something of a ritual for reporters brave enough to watch cable-news morning shows to look at what Trump tweets, and then reverse engineer whatever he was watching at the time. Below is a running list of those incidents.
At 9:25 p.m., Trump threatens to send federal forces into Chicago to deal with the city’s continually high rate of shootings. Unlike most of Trump’s statements, he cites actual facts and figures this time.
At 6:04 a.m., Trump calls leaker Chelsea Manning, whose sentence was commuted by Obama in the final days of his term, an “Ungrateful TRAITOR.”
The exact term, “ungrateful traitor,” appears in large print on a Fox News chyron. In this case, Trump was fed not only the opinion but also specific phrasing by the graphics producer at Fox.
The use of statistics in this case is a smoking gun, given the prevalent assumption that Trump does not do much reading, if any. If he didn’t get the stats from a report, where did he get them from?
At 8:12 a.m., President Trump tweets support for noted idiot and conspiracy theorist Gregg Phillips and his assertion that 3 million people voted illegally.
At 6:13 a.m., Trump tweets about the turmoil on UC Berkeley’s campus surrounding a talk by right-wing hatemonger Milo Yiannopoulos. The talk was canceled before it began due to protests. In response, Trump threatened to find a way to pull the university’s federal funding.
Roughly a half-hour prior, Fox & Friends featured alleged piss-obsessive Todd Starnes, who suggested that UC should get its funding pulled unless it protects right-wing hate speech on campus.
At 8:15 a.m., Trump addresses the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals’ decision to keep a stay on Trump’s Muslim-travel ban in place. He quoted from a Lawfare blog post, which immediately set off alarm bells.
At 7:07 a.m., our first quant President Donald Trump writes about how much he loves using data to make his own decisions.
Over the weekend, numerous outlets had reported the growing influence of presidential adviser Steve Bannon. A little less than an hour before Trump’s tweet, MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough wondered on air if Bannon was “calling the shots” in the Oval Office.
As we noted above, anytime Trump cites specific details, you can assume he got those details from a cable-news graphic. In this case, it was a Morning Joe excerpt 12 minutes prior to his tweet.
And, for what it’s worth, the rest of the Lawfare post he cited was highly critical of the ban.
At 9:28 a.m., Trump blasts the media for using leaked information from the intelligence community.
This particular line of attack — that the real news is the leaky American intel community, not Flynn — has featured heavily on Fox News in the last couple of days.
At 7:42 a.m., Trump again tries to deflect scrutiny over his relationship with Russia by noting that the Ukrainian region of Crimea was annexed during his predecessor’s administration.
According to New York Times correspondent Sopan Deb, that talking point came directly from Fox News, which he noted a minute after Trump’s post.
Trump’s remarks reportedly came minutes after a CNN segment in which Chris Cuomo interviewed Phillips about his unsupported claims.
Start-up Rumuki is branding itself as a “prenup” for sex tapes. The app is currently available on iOS, lets users easily encrypt videos, and sets limits on who can share them and how many times a video can be shared. Cutesy language aside — “use protection” — the whole thing doesn’t sound like a half-bad idea, though it’s unfortunate we need it in the first place.
Research firm Gartner, Inc., released its analysis of global smartphone sales on Wednesday, showing that around the globe smartphone sales are up by 7 percent, with Apple and Samsung wrangling for the number-one spot in total market share.
The decline of the BlackBerry is stark. Though it was able to maintain a healthy share of the market for a good portion of the late aughts, even while iOS debuted in 2007 and Android in 2008, it began to quickly decline in this decade.
Not fighting it out for the top spot? BlackBerry, which once controlled over 50 percent of the global smartphone market. Per Gartner, out of the 431 million smartphones sold in the fourth quarter of 2016, just 207,900 were running the BlackBerry OS — giving it a market share of 0.0 percent. (If you want to be extremely precise, its global market share is actually 0.04827 percent.)
It’s a trend that’s unlikely to reverse itself: BlackBerry announced in September of 2016 it would stop manufacturing phones and instead focus on software. In a way, it’s surprising that even 200,000 phones running the BlackBerry OS sold in the fourth quarter of 2016; the last phone BlackBerry released running its own OS was the BlackBerry Passport, a massive chunk of physical Qwerty keyboard that looked a bit like a stack of old-school 3.5-inch floppy disks. It was released in 2014 to generally mixed reviews. BlackBerry’s newer phones, like the BlackBerry Priv and DTEK60, are now powered by a modified version of Android.
Still, for those who demand a physical keyboard, BlackBerry will always be there. Chinese consumer-electronics upstart TCL essentially bought the brand name, and will be releasing a new phone, right now known only as the BlackBerry “Mercury,” at the Mobile World Conference at the end of the month.
The app’s name derives from a Japanese-to-English translation for “room key” and works by only allowing involved parties to view a video after filming, if both people have consented. If you and your partner decide to film something you want to keep private — sex tape, your next-door neighbors, whatever — you both download the app. Once you’re done filming, each of you will be given a passcode. If one of you wants to view the video, you’ll both have to input your codes, granting temporary (seven days) digital consent to view. If one partner decides they no longer want the other to have access to the video, they can easily delete it from their device. “Because each device only has one key, your video is as good as gone when removed from either device,” Rumuki explains.
From a more technical side, Rumuki says it doesn’t store any content shared or filmed on its app. Videos are only transferred between users via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, so they could only be accessed by someone hacking your own local network. (You can read more details on Rumuki’s security practices here.) While the app is not a perfect fix — there’s nothing Rumuki can do if your partner decides to turn on you once access has been granted — it’s a start. Especially given that one in every 25 Americans have faced or been threatened with “revenge porn.”
As though the internet wasn’t bad enough already: Republican Senator Jeff Flake, of Arizona, told Politico this week that he intends to undo a recent FCC rule restricting what ISPs could do with customer data.
ISPs oppose the new rules — which went into effect at the start of this year — because they block an avenue through which they can monetize user data. Web-browsing habits and personal information are highly useful for targeting advertisements to certain people and demographics. They also ignore (unfairly, if you were to ask ISPs) the edge providers like Google and Facebook have, as both companies have built immense businesses off of targeting user data.
Flake has reportedly lined up at least a dozen colleagues to help undo the rule under the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to roll back federal-agency regulations by a simple majority vote. Of course, Flake might not even need to invoke the CRA if Ajit Pai’s FCC rolls back the regulation itself. ISPs lobbied last month to get the commission to do so. In October, Pai objected to the adoption of the rules, arguing that “if the FCC truly believes that these new rules are necessary to protect consumer privacy, then the government now must move forward to ensure uniform regulation of all companies in the Internet ecosystem at the new baseline the FCC has set.” That’s a fair argument — Google and Facebook should be subject to the same or similar rules as ISPs when it comes to gathering user data — but rolling back privacy protections until a more universally applicable set of rules are in place seems like moving in exactly the wrong direction.
The rules, which were adopted in late October of last year, shortly before the election, require ISPs to specifically ask customers for permission to share sensitive information with third parties, including precise geolocation data, financial and health information, and browsing history. It also includes message content if those messages are readily accessible by the ISP — i.e., any unencrypted message. The FCC’s rules also required opt-out mechanisms for sharing non-sensitive information.
To put it bluntly: This proposed rule change is, like many of the Trump-era FCC’s recent decisions, extremely bad. It is terrible for consumers and only benefits big businesses by allowing them to keep and sell records of what people do online. Rolling back the rules allow ISPs to sell a granular breakdown of your daily activity (assuming you spend most of the day on a computer or smartphone) to whomever is willing to pay. If Flake and Pai are serious about protecting user data, they’ll take these rules and apply them to Facebook, Google, and other platform-advertising giants — rather than eliminate them entirely in a blinkered attempt to level the corporate-behemoth playing field.
Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman has a piece today revealing what the fifth generation of the Apple TV will look like, which could be released this year. But the article is more illuminating for showing everything it won’t do, rather than what it will, painting a picture of a device that, for various reasons, had its ambitions curtailed in nearly every avenue for years.
First, what the next Apple TV will offer: 4K streaming and “more vivid” colors — presumably meaning it will stream in HDR, or high dynamic range, as well. It’s good news for anyone who’s taken the plunge on a high-end TV set in the past year or two, but hardly groundbreaking. Roku, Google’s Chromecast, and Amazon’s Fire Stick all offer 4K streaming already — and Roku and Amazon don’t suffer from gaps in streaming content (currently, you can’t stream Amazon Instant Video on Apple TV or Chromecast, due to Amazon’s sharp elbows in the battle for streaming-device market share).
But Gurman, speaking with engineers and others within Apple, paints a picture of a device that could have been much more than Apple simply bringing itself up to par with the rest of the playing field. There were plans for the the current fourth-generation Apple TV to include a coaxial-cable input, meaning the box could have combined streaming services and live TV. But negotiations between Apple and major media networks soured, and eventually the coaxial-cable input was ditched. Plans to include a game controller, voice search without a remote, or 4K streaming in the current generation were all also axed.
Why? Blame Apple’s reliance on high margins. The company’s history of keeping the cost of building its products low while selling them for a premium price works when there’s a seamless and best-in-class integration of hardware and software. But even Apple TV’s software ambitions were stymied, with features like anticipating what a viewer would want to watch or offering content previews nixed before they could reach customers. Speaking to Gurman, one person working on the Apple TV says: “That’s not what I signed up for. I signed up for revolutionary. We got evolutionary.”
In short, Apple TV, while a good streaming device, isn’t the best available right now. In fact, the still-pricey Apple TV has been slowly losing market share, especially since the other major streaming devices have become remarkably cheap (or have come bundled with the two major video-game consoles on the market).
Of course, Apple TV is a rounding error for Apple’s overall bottom line; Apple doesn’t break out Apple TV sales explicitly in its earnings reports, but its sales of “Other Products,” including the Apple TV, doesn’t even match the amount brought in by the rapidly dwindling iPad market. But Apple does need to grow its “Services” category (think Apple Music or selling more movies and TV shows through iTunes), and a better Apple TV would be key to that. And Apple — and many others players in the market — clearly see the TV set, aided by voice control, as the central hub when more people begin upgrading to smart homes. Apple recently hired Timothy D. Twerdahl, formerly the head of Amazon’s Fire TV division, to head up Apple TV. For Twerdahl, and Apple, the challenge will be creating a version of Apple TV that doesn’t just match the competition, but radically exceeds it.
To text or not to text? It’s a predicament that anybody who has ever ended a relationship and owned a cell phone — the cross section of this Venn diagram is, well, large — has faced. You type up your remorseful (or nostalgic, or rage-filled, or sappy) message to your ex and your index finger hovers over that send arrow.
If this describes you at the moment, maybe consider drafting your message in an anonymous spreadsheet entitled “texts i wanna send my ex,” instead of shooting a text to your former paramour. The spreadsheet was created on Valentine’s Day by 24-year-old Sean Drohan. There are currently over 500 texts from people, ranging from sweet — “thanks for the good time, it was an honor and a pleasure having you as my girlfriend for 3 years” — to, well, not sweet — “I cleaned you that time you pooped your pants.” (There are also columns where people are adding comments and messages of support for people sharing their texts.) There’s a pretty wide range of messages.
This morning, Felix Kjellberg, better known as PewDiePie, the most popular YouTuber in the world, took to his channel to address the recent controversy over anti-Semitic jokes in his videos. After The Wall Street Journal shined a light on the comments, Disney dropped the video maker from their roster of talent and Google removed him from their preferred advertiser program.
In an 11-minute video released today, titled “My Response,” Kjellberg takes one step forward and two steps back in addressing the content of his videos. Regarding the most infamous incident, in which Kjellberg used Fiverr to pay two men to unfurl a banner reading “Death To All Jews,” he said, “I’m sorry for the words that I used, as I know they offended people. And I admit that the joke itself went too far.” The task, Kjellberg says, was meant to demonstrate how far one could push the envelope on the service.
In the video, Kjellberg stands by his philosophy that no joke should be off-limits — but, unlike most figures caught in controversies over offensive jokes, also accepts that there are consequences for that stance. He gets why Disney and YouTube distanced themselves from him, he says, and avoids characterizing his detractors as members of a humorless, political-correctness police squad.
But here’s where it gets dicey. Above all else, Kjellberg blames not his failed attempt at shock humor for the backlash, but The Wall Street Journal. They’re the ones who cost him deals with Disney and Google. In his parlance, “the media” is out to get him.
There’s a kernel of legitimate grievance here. Coverage of his career has almost always centered — in a shocked tone — on the millions of dollars he earns annually, rather than the actual content of his creative output, which has not infrequently bordered on, if not outright occupied, offensive territory; the anti-Semitic jokes, in other words, don’t exactly come out of nowhere, and they were not particularly shocking or offensive to Kjellberg’s very young, often male fanbase. It’s not hugely surprising that Kjellberg or his fanbase might feel blindsided by the media attention, even if it’s more than deserved.
But Kjellberg’s argument quickly goes off the rails: “This is not an article, this is a personal attack against me,” he argues. (For the record, a celebrity with 53 million subscribers, who earns millions of dollars a year, encouraging anti-Semitism — even as poorly conceived comedy — is newsworthy.) As a way of refuting claims that he’s normalizing anti-Semitism, Kjellberg pulls out the I’m-rubber-you’re-glue defense: “Personally, I think they are the ones normalizing hatred.” Next up is deflection: “Why don’t we focus on the real issues?” he continues. It’s a wonder he doesn’t call the Journal’s report fake news.
The video ends with Kjellberg, teary-eyed, expressing thanks to everyone who supported him this week, which is an indication that he hasn’t learned much from his bad week. PewDiePie has built a career on the personal connection he provides for his millions of young, mostly male fans, and he needs to acknowledge their support. But refusing to recognize that the community has a strong toxic element, and that his behavior is worth scrutiny, is not a good indication that he understands the position he’s in, or the power he wields. Or maybe he understands it too well: At one point, he flashes the names of the Journal’s reporters on screen. It’s about as clear a dog whistle as I’ve ever seen, and checking the Twitter mentions of those reporters confirms not just that Kjellberg achieved his intended effect, but that the reporters were right to take note of his behavior.
“I still have your Netflix password.”“I knew it was over when you told me your favorite movie was Garden State.”
“Thanks for telling me about my abandonment issues and then abandoning me. So helpful!”
“You’ve been a sophomore since we were sophomores.”
“I pretend I’m over you but I spend all day staring at an open Gchat box waiting for it to say ‘typing….’”
“You’re such a loser. You created a Twitter account for your cat!”
Some are funny.
While others go more for a savage effect.
And then there are the ones that hit just a little too close to home.
“You’re still the first address that pops up on my Uber.”
“I should have hit you harder with my car.”
“Working for Vice doesn’t make you cool. Cocaine neither. You still have my favorite book. Fuck you!”
“I lost 12 pounds without you!”
“If you had spent less time cheating and more time canvassing, Hillary would have took Iowa.”
“My cat is better company. He may not satisfy me sexually … but neither could you.”
Meet Zhdun: a gray blob with belly rolls, arms, and an alien face that looks like he should be hanging out in a Mos Eisley cantina. Zhdun — translation: “the one who waits” — is the artistic vision of Margriet van Breevoort, a sculptor from the Netherlands. She created Zhdun, as first reported by BuzzFeed, to “symbolize patients’ experience of waiting to see a doctor.” Which, sure.
Unclear if it’s his wide, unblinking eyes or the fact that Zhdun’s humanoid body ends in a massive blob of dimpled flesh, but something about him just gives me the creeps. Van Breevoort told BuzzFeed she plans to build Zhdun a companion sometime soon, so maybe having two of them will help. Then again, maybe not.
Except, Zhdun has now taken on new life as a meme in Russia, thanks to the sculpture’s rising popularity on Russian social networks and websites like Pikabu and Vkontakte. Just look at those placidly folded human hands and patient eyes that will haunt your dreams.
The Zhdun meme has since picked up speed on Facebook and Twitter. Frankly, it doesn’t matter how many ways from Sunday you edit him, I still hate this blobby guy.
Late on Thursday night, while much of the United States was already asleep — no doubt dreaming fitfully about press briefings and fake news — President Trump (via the official @POTUS account) tweeted a photo. In it, he and a group of people, including Vice-President Pence, are positioned around the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, mugging to the camera with their thumbs up after signing a bill undoing President Obama’s coal-mining rule. I could describe the less-than-subtle nuances of this shot from now until the midterm elections, but frankly, you just need to see it.
Over the last year, Facebook has been confronted with an unprecedented and unforgiving wave of criticism. While there are many specific complaints that have been made about the company — its relationship with “fake news” (of both the genuinely fake and the merely misleading varieties), its mishandled “Trending” topics, and its role in perpetuating informational-filter bubbles, to name the most prominent — the criticism of the last several months hinges largely on this: Facebook has become one of the two most powerful networks on the planet for the distribution of news and information. And while founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has expressed skepticism over Facebook’s role in last year’s presidential election, he’s clearly taken the criticism seriously. He just wrote a 5,800-word Facebook post, updating the company’s mission and pointing toward its future. It sounds, frankly, like Zuck would like a do-over.
Zuckerberg’s globalist pledge went live yesterday afternoon, along with a coordinated media blitz: The generally press-shy CEO gave four interviews to prominent technology-business publications, emphasizing the document’s embrace of an interconnected world. (The best is with Recode’s Kara Swisher: “Mark Zuckerberg … has become of late very, how shall we put it, woke.”) To the casual observers who’ve been predicting a Zuckerberg run for office, the whole event felt like further confirmation. But after reading the document, my sense is that Mark Zuckerberg isn’t setting himself up for a political career, but is finally dragging himself across the finish line of self-realization. Zuckerberg — always, as Swisher puts it, “the most earnest of leaders in Silicon Valley” — has spent some time thinking very hard about his creation, and he wants you to know that he understands Facebook’s immense power, and that he will use it to create a better future. Put another way: This isn’t a campaign speech; it’s an inauguration speech.
Zuckerberg wants to position Facebook, a publicly traded nongovernment company, as the global communication layer under which everything else rests. It’s a not-very-subtle way of making the case to give Facebook an even larger amount of influence than it already wields, but, you know, for the greater good.
It is fun that Zuckerberg has finally realized how much power Facebook truly has to shape people’s understanding of current events, while he continues to keep initial investor, Trump adviser, and Gawker lawsuit funder Peter Thiel on the board. Zuckerberg’s manifesto is a nice idea (and a so-so piece of writing). But Facebook has made many claims to care about its users in the past, and then acted to the contrary or not acted at all.
But realization is only the first step. Zuckerberg definitely seems to believe what he’s saying about building a global community, but there’s little concrete in here about how it would be accomplished — or, more importantly, how it will affect Facebook’s business model and bottom line, which is still the driving force behind … everything they do. Facebook attempted a disastrous rollout of its “Free Basics” internet-service program in India a couple of years ago, and was quickly met with backlash over monopolistic practices. Now, that same basic pitch is being applied to the entire world. Among the specific initiatives Zuck proposes is using artificial intelligence to identify and hide misleading or objectionable content, more public-service features like Safety Check, and, uh, making Groups into a more useful product.
The manifesto contains one important admission from Zuckerberg (Facebook is vastly influential), but lacks a corresponding truth (that power is what makes people skeptical of Facebook). In fact, what Zuckerberg has done is provide an inadvertent argument for the decentralization of the internet — small groups and communities with the ability to access a larger global network when necessary. The idea of a global communication network is very popular already: It’s called the internet. The manifesto reads like Mark Zuckerberg has never encountered an email client or a LISTSERV. That network grew and thrived thanks to the proliferation of open standards, like email and web protocols. Facebook, conversely, is a technological black box whose breakthroughs exist to enrich itself, first and foremost. If Mark Zuckerberg truly cares about global communication, he might want to think about putting more of the company’s tremendous resources toward developing the types of open standards that can exist outside of Facebook.
He writes:
Starting in 2018, YouTube has announced the platform will no longer show 30-second unskippable ads before your selected content. The idea is, Google (who owns YouTube) wants to provide a better experience for viewers, or at least one that doesn’t inspire them to use an ad-blocker or, worse, say “screw it” and not even bother with watching the video they clicked on in the first place.
“As part of that, we’ve decided to stop supporting 30-second unskippable ads as of 2018 and focus instead on formats that work well for both users and advertisers,” a Google spokesperson told Campaign. YouTube will still have 15-second and 20-second ads that you can’t skip, but just think of what you’ll be able to do with those ten seconds you’ll be saving.
Though the move is still months away, this doesn’t sound like a bad move on YouTube’s part. At any rate, it’s definitely better than that time they introduced a new style of unskippable bumper ads, which they tried to brand to viewers as “poems.” Because comparing advertisements for Under Armour and Sprite to haiku is definitely the best way to get people to turn off their ad-blockers.
On Friday, February 17, in the year of our lord Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer, a brave and strange challenger appeared on the scene. An unnamed YouTuber behind the account “Dog Shit” donned a knitted cap, printed out a black-and-white head shot of actor Jason Segel (How I Met Your Mother, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, some other less-good things), and sat down in front of the camera for a snack and a vow. His promise? To eat a picture of Segel’s face every single day until Segel notices and eats a picture of him. (If this seems odd, know that eating printed photos of celebs is a bit of an internet pastime. Also, it’s definitely still odd even with that knowledge.)
The video is silent, save for the sound of him munching down a piece of paper, which takes just about four minutes to eat. When he’s done, our challenger swigs some water and offers only a breathy, “Hey, Jason,” before cutting to black. Today is the first day of his mission, and now that Select All — and the top of Reddit’s /r/videos — have taken notice, we hope he’ll continue on his noble quest. As for Mr. Segel — Jason, if you’re reading this … here’s the photo he’d like you to print and eat.
A very lucky raccoon had what was, I presume, the time of its life today, when it got stuck on a garbage truck in Virginia. Politico reporter Helena Evich spotted the little guy as he clung to a ladder.
A small animal forced to cling to a giant trash container for safety seems like an apt metaphor for … everything.
Evich called American Disposal Services to alert them to the stowaway, and the raccoon has either been or is in the process of being helped back into the wild.
Viral videos are usually pretty formulaic. A dude doing something strange. A very cute dog. A dude doing something really, really weird. But every once in a while, a video comes along that defies expectations, breaks from the mold, and inspires genuine shock and awe. This, my friends, is one of those videos. It stars several women trying to get a rat out of their home and has taken Twitter by storm today with 12,000 retweets and counting. They employ a broom, a mop, some high-pitched screams, and the good old-fashioned element of surprise.
Congrats to the person with the final slap shot in the end of the video. A true Twitter MVP.
Select All has reached out for more information from these women and will update this post if we hear back. Select All has not reached out to the rat but if anybody has his email please send it along and we’ll get in touch with him too.
The #DeleteUber hashtag is going around Twitter again, and this time the controversy has nothing to do with the Trump administration. In a blog post published Sunday, former Uber engineer Susan J. Fowler describes the institutional sexism she allegedly encountered while working for the ride-hailing company over the last year, calling the experience “strange, fascinating, and slightly horrifying.”
Back in November, Snap Inc. (formerly Snapchat) announced it would be selling camera-enabled sunglasses called Spectacles. The only catch: If you wanted a pair, you had to track down a roving vending machine that popped up in random places around the United States for short periods of time. New York City got a temporary Snap store (it is closed as of today), but long lines and high demand meant you might not be able to get your hands on a pair, even if you waited for hours. (Speaking from experience here.) Starting today, getting your hands on a pair of Spectacles is going to get a whole lot easier; Snap is now selling the glasses via its website.
Spectacles come in three colors – teal, coral, and the ever-stylish black – and retail for $130. The company is currently only shipping to United States residents, so if you’re a Snapchatter abroad you are out of luck. (Though you could always try eBay. Following the vending machine release last fall, plenty of pairs popped up for resale online if you were willing to pay a significant markup. This will likely happen again now that Specs are more widely available.) Pop-up vending machines around the country will also remain a part of Snap’s distribution strategy, though they’ll be taking a short break.
This announcement comes just weeks after Snap’s SEC filing was released in preparation for its initial public offering. According to the filing document, Snap lost $514.6 million last year. Which means Spiegel & Co. only have to sell approximately 4 million pairs of Spectacles to break even this year.
Fowler decided to leave the team, but as she got to know other women at the company, she discovered they had similar stories about the manager. “It became obvious that both HR and management had been lying about this being ‘his first offense,’ and it certainly wasn’t his last,” she says. “Within a few months, he was reported once again for inappropriate behavior, yet those who reported him were told it was still his ‘first offense.’” Eventually the manager left the company for unclear reasons.
Fowler, who left Uber in December and now works at Stripe, says that a few weeks after she started at Uber, her new manager sent her messages explaining that he was in an open relationship and looking for women to have sex with. Fowler took screenshots and reported the incident to HR. She says that while both upper management and HR agreed that he was propositioning her, they said they would only give him a warning because he “was a high performer” and it was his first offense. She writes:
Fowler and several of the women scheduled meetings with HR. She says she was told the messages he sent to her were his only offense, and no other women had complained about him. Eventually he left the company for unclear reasons.
Fowler goes on to describe “a game-of-thrones political war” in the infrastructure engineering department, with upper managers openly working to undermine each other. Fowler says she was shocked and saddened when her transfer requests were blocked, despite receiving perfect performance scores. After much pushing, she was given only vague explanations, such as “performance problems aren’t always something that has to do with work, but sometimes can be about things outside of work or your personal life.” She says she eventually found out she was being held back because she was one of the only remaining female engineers:
In another bizarre incident, Fowler says the company promised to buy everyone in her organization leather jackets, then, at the last minute, the women were told they would only go to the men. They company received a discount for buying 120 men’s leather jackets, but there were only about six women still working in the organization. Fowler says a superior explained it wouldn’t be fair to buy the women slightly more expensive jackets, and if they wanted them “we women needed to find jackets that were the same price as the bulk-order price of the men’s jackets.”
Fowler says the last straw was when HR called her out for consistently reporting incidents of sexism, and asked her whether she was friends with other female engineers, and what email addresses and chat rooms they used to communicate. A week later, her boss called her in for a meeting:
After Fowler’s post began circulating, another former Uber employee said he’d had a similar experience with the company’s human resources department.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick released a statement promising to “conduct an urgent investigation” and fire anyone who “behaves this way or thinks this is okay.”
Uber board member Arianna Huffington said she would conduct her own investigation:
Uber has faced multiple accusations of sexism. In 2014, senior vice-president Emil Michael suggested launching a smear campaign against unfriendly journalists — specifically, PandoDaily’s Sarah Lacy, who accused the company of “sexism and misogyny.” Uber has also faced criticism over how it handles sexual harassment and assault allegations against its drivers. In November, Uber settled a lawsuit filed in California by two women who say their Uber drivers sexually assaulted them.
Spectacles come in three colors — teal, coral, and the ever-stylish black — and retail for $130. The company is currently only shipping in the United States, so if you’re a Snapchatter abroad, you are out of luck. (Though you could always try eBay. Following the vending machine release last fall, plenty of pairs popped up for resale online if you were willing to pay a significant markup. This will likely happen again now that Specs are more widely available.) The purchase limit is six pairs and glasses should ship in two to four weeks. Pop-up vending machines around the country will also remain a part of Snap’s distribution strategy, though they’ll be taking a short break, a Snap spokesperson confirmed.
Over the weekend, famed celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay went on a hot streak on Twitter. Users are sending him pictures of food that they had prepared and Ramsay — true to form as an angry perfectionist who also happens to make a great omelette — would insult the hell out of them.
Ramsay has been doing this stuff online for a while (and on TV for even longer), but he seems to have picked up the pace ever since BuzzFeed highlighted his unsparing cruelty, even to people who haven’t signed reality-TV waivers.
It seems pretty clear that both sides of these transactions are in on the joke. Ramsay gets to keep his reputation as an exacting chef through brutal witticisms, and regular people get to troll him with terrible-looking kitchen nightmares.
After bungling its response to last month’s #DeleteUber campaign, the ride-hailing company is moving swiftly in response to allegations of rampant sexual harassment at the company from a former employee. On Sunday, engineer Susan J. Fowler, who left Uber in December, published a blog post claiming that human resources ignored repeated sexual harassment complaints and her manager threatened retaliation for her speaking up. In an email to company employees on Monday, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced that former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has been hired to oversee “an independent review” — with help from an Uber board member, the head of human resources, and an attorney who works for the company.
Here’s the full text of Kalanick’s memo, which was obtained by Recode:
“It is my number one priority that we come through this a better organization, where we live our values and fight for and support those who experience injustice,” said Kalanick.
On Sunday, Kalanick said he’d instructed Liane Hornsey, Uber’s new chief of human resources, to probe the allegations. Arianna Huffington, who sits on Uber’s board, announced she would work with Hornsey to “conduct a full independent investigation.” Now they’re joining the review conducted by Holder’s team, according to Kalanick’s memo, along with Uber in-house attorney Angela Padilla.
Several Uber critics questioned how a review involving several company employees could be considered “independent.” The Verge noted that Holder has also done business with Uber:
Allegations of sexism are not new for Uber (or Silicon Valley). Several years ago, a top Uber executive suggested a smear campaign against a female journalist, and the company has been accused of not doing enough to ensure the safety of female passengers. Last spring, Uber rebuffed demands to release statistics on the gender and racial makeup of its workforce, but on Monday, Kalanick said the company would begin releasing diversity reports. He said 15.1 percent of the company’s technical staff are women, compared to 17 percent at Facebook and 18 percent at Google. He said only 10 percent of Twitter employees in technical roles are women, but it appears that number is too low.
“I’d say we feel pretty amused and surprised,” he said. “Happy a whole bunch of new people get to hear our music for the first time.”
The meme began last month when a Reddit user cut together a video titled “Fat man does amazing dive” and set it to “Shooting Stars,” a song by Australian duo Bag Raiders.
The untimely demise of Vine a month ago has created an unfortunate shortage of short-video memes. Vine’s six-second time limit made it easy for even those not adept at video editing to participate in remixes that would have seemed complex five years ago. It’s been slow going, but we now finally have our first big post-Vine meme, known as the Shooting Stars meme.
One of the largest Facebook pages posting Shooting Stars videos already has nearly a quarter of a million likes. As for the meme’s appeal, Jack Glass, one half of the band, says he has no idea how it started. “I think, for the most part, they’re pretty funny. Definitely the first one made me laugh and a couple of the NBA ones, too. But there’s no explaining the internet, that’s for sure.”
From here the template was set. An object falls (doesn’t matter how far), and it is then cut out of the video and placed against footage of space, or sea life, or cells traveling through a body. (For reference, this unedited sequence from Doctor Strange is basically a Shooting Stars meme.) And often the videos end with an explosion.
His partner Chris Stracey agreed, adding, “The plus side is having a lot of people who had never heard of us write to us saying they love the song.”
First things first. Horizon Zero Dawn, out for the PlayStation 4 on February 28, is a good video game. It’s one of the increasingly rare big-budget titles willing to take a chance on creating a new world, instead of trotting out yet another sequel. The game is set in a far-flung version of the future, where our own society has been destroyed and mankind lives on the margins, having reverted back to a more tribal, shamanistic type of existence. The wilds are full of menacing robotic dinosaurs, quick and dangerous and hard to kill. Ancient ruins are everywhere, but most humans stay away. It’s a world with hints of Mad Max or Riddley Walker, but it’s lusher than most postapocalyptic settings, and its characters speak plainly in a modern vernacular, even when referencing things like a “mad Sun-King” or a goddess known as the “All-Mother.” And despite the inherent goofiness of Dinobots roaming around, the game does an admirable job of making the machines truly frightening to take on, especially for the first time.
The game itself is beautiful. It was rare that I’d go for long without being struck by some vista or view point. The game’s full day-night cycle — combined with weather like snow, driving rain, fog, or sandstorms — creates memorable moments out of pure exploration, whether it’s looking down from a mesa at dusk and seeing the blue lights of the robot’s eyes slowly scanning the grasslands, or climbing up the side of a tall mountain at dawn, with the sun shooting rays of light through the early-morning haze all around you.
While these questions form the central narrative hook to pull you through the expansive main story line, make no mistake: The reasons to play Horizon Zero Dawn are these machines. Each has particular weaknesses and strengths, and learning how to account for them means using every bit of Aloy’s arsenal, which ranges from bows to trip wires to ropes you can use to tie down enemies, keeping them in place for a few moments. Movement for Aloy is key here — some of the best moments involve creeping through tall grass before bursting forward in a full sprint toward a massive beast, sliding underneath it while snapping off a bow shot at its vulnerable underbelly, and then popping back up into a diving roll and back into cover.
Why, then, did I find the game such a struggle to finish? It wasn’t the difficulty. While there are some hair-raising encounters in the game that will press you to use everything you’ve learned while fighting monstrosities, you have enough different ways to approach any major fight that a mixture of tactics will take down whatever is in front of you.
And the story’s real main hook — what happened to the world that came before this one, and why does Aloy seem to have such a deep connection to it? — is a good one. Even though any reader of sci-fi or fantasy may be able to predict the plot beats as they come, there’s enough thought and care put into crafting each reveal that I found myself always eager to learn a little bit more.
The core gameplay loop is simple but effective: take down machines, strip them for parts, use those parts to upgrade your weapons and armor, and then do it again. Especially during the early hours of the game, I was happy to blow off the main story line and instead just hunt down herds of mechanical creatures, earning experience to upgrade Aloy’s abilities and make her even deadlier to the machines wandering the world.
You play as Aloy, a young woman who has lived her entire life as an outcast of her matriarchal tribe. Raised without any idea as to why she was banished from the tribe or who her her mother was, Aloy spends the early part of the game winning back a place among the tribe, before being sent out to find answers in the wider world. Who was her mother? What happened to bring down civilization? Who or what created all these mechanical megafauna?
But there was a tension in all that. While I always wanted to advance the story line, I found myself not wanting to do the things that would let me learn more. Much of Horizon’s main-narrative quests can be broken down into a variation of “Go to this spot on the map, fight or sneak your way through these enemies, possibly fight a very large boss, and then explore this ruin.” It’s a template that quickly becomes rote, to the point where you can easily anticipate when the major battles will happen.
To the game designers’ credit, Aloy is a rarity in video games: a female protagonist presented without overt sexualization (looking at you, Tomb Raider). Strong, curious, and still carrying a bit of resentment from a lifetime of being treated as an outcast, she makes for an ideal adventurer — almost to a fault. By the time you’re about a third of the way through the game, Aloy has quickly gone from backwoods outcast to something of a celebrity within the tribal world of Horizon, with her being the main lever of action within the world at large. Got a problem? Aloy will handle it. While it allows for her to be in the center of things, it also creates a character whose rough edges are quickly polished off, turning her from aggrieved outsider into Mary Sue-ish superhero by the game’s end. She starts out interesting, only to become increasingly bland by the game’s end.
But I think the true root of the tedium I felt by the end of the game is due to the genre of the game itself: an open-world adventure title. Outside of first-person, multiplayer shooters, no other type of game has so thoroughly dominated the landscape of video games since the turn of the century, from Grand Theft Auto to Assasin’s Creed to Skyrim to Far Cry to the Witcher 3 — and it doesn’t help that Horizon liberally borrows from all of these games. There’s the mission design, which often finds you scanning for tracks and clues using a Bluetooth-ish earpiece called a Focus, much like in the Witcher 3 or the recent run of Batman open-world games. There’s the map mechanics, where you’ll climb large, brontosaurus-ish beasts called longnecks to unveil a large section of the game map, a similar mechanic used in Ubisoft’s Assassin’s Creed (and most other open-world titles from the publisher). There’s hunting down non-robotic wildlife to upgrade your ammo bags and clearing out bandit camps, as in Far Cry (the game that shares the most DNA with Horizon). But, most damning, Horizon also inherits the genre’s general tendency toward flab and bloat.
This can be felt in the main story line, which will take most players about 30 hours to complete. It’s a tale badly in need of an editor. It’s hard not to imagine how much tighter the story could have been if many of the extraneous characters and plotlines were excised, allowing the plot to center on the central mystery of the game. This would also have allowed for the sections that remained to get more polish in the writing and performance — when you’re creating and recording this much dialogue, tone-deaf moments start to pop up with more regularity.
For a certain type of audience, one who measures games using the rough equation of “X dollars divided by Y game hours equals the overall quality of game,” a 30-hour core story, plus a long list of side quests and challenges to complete, is all well and good. Your in-game map quickly becomes cramped with various things to do, and a dedicated player who wants to complete everything in the game will likely be able to sink 100 hours into it. But for me, a weariness had already set in by the time I watched the final credits roll, and when the Horizon game announced I was free to continue exploring stuff even after defeating the story’s main villain, I was ready to put the controller down.
But the same can be said for nearly any open-world action-adventure game I’ve played in the past 15 years. These open-world games are forced to serve two masters: creating a world where the player can roam freely, while also bolting on a pre-written story line for the player to move through. These two conceits are incredibly difficult to synthesize into something that feels satisfying. Hamstring players’ ability to do what they want too much in service of story, and the open world quickly feels more like a theme-park ride than a living, breathing place to explore. Create a world that’s overly dynamic and subject to change, and you introduce too many variables to allow for stories to achieve any sort of narrative drive. Apart from the Western-cowboy epic Red Dead Redemption, there hasn’t been an open-world game that has delivered what I’d call a complete and satisfying story, including sticking the landing (and even Red Dead Redemption suffered from monotonous stretches of gameplay).
In the world of PC and indie gaming, where budgets are smaller but creative experimentation is easier, this has largely led to games becoming all of one thing or the other. Pure sandbox games like Minecraft or Don’t Starve tend to have almost no narrative attached to them — they’re all about exploration and upgrading, usually with a survival element thrown in (i.e., you’ll need to feed and clothe and build a shelter for yourself). Games that want to tell a story, like Gone Home or Firewatch, are dead simple in gameplay mechanics, but rich in story detail and character work.
I’m not sure I’d want Horizon Zero Dawn to give up that ability to roam around for a more focused, linear experience. Stalking and killing the chromed-out machines roaming the wilds of Aloy’s world is often improvisational, surprising, and enjoyably, tough in a way that encourages you to continuously improve how you play. But the same can’t be said of the structure of the rest of the game, hemmed in by the dictates of how big-budget open-world games are currently designed.
In the the world of big-budget games that also deliver on gameplay, relatively sophisticated storytelling is relegated to linear games, where players advance in a straight line from level to level, chapter to chapter. The studio Naughty Dog is turning out the best writing in games right now, with titles like The Last of Us and the Uncharted series showing a deftness in character and plot that leaves other developers in the dust — but the games play out the same way each time, with the only variation coming in, perhaps, how you handle certain combat sequences.
It’s asking far too much of Horizon Zero Dawn to square this circle — this is the first open-world game from the developer, Guerrilla Games, and they’ve done an admirable job in just creating a game that easily is in the top tier of open-world games available right now. But, absent someone being able to truly reinvent how open-world adventure games are put together, even the best open world will be a place I’m increasingly reluctant to explore.
One morning in the summer of 2015, I sat in a featureless office in Berkeley as a young computer programmer walked me through how he intended to save the world. The world needed saving, he insisted, not from climate change — or from the rise of the far right, or the treacherous instability of global capitalism — but from the advent of artificial superintelligence, which would almost certainly wipe humanity from the face of the earth unless certain preventative measures were put in place by a very small number of dedicated specialists such as himself, who alone understood the scale of the danger and the course of action necessary to protect against it.
Magical rationalism arises out of a quasi-religious worldview, in which reason takes the place of the godhead, and whereby all of our human problems are soluble by means of its application. The power of rationalism, manifested in the form of technology — the word made silicon — has the potential to deliver us from all evils, up to and including death itself. This spiritual dimension is most clearly visible in the techno-millenarianism of the Singularity: the point on the near horizon of our future at which human beings will finally and irrevocably merge with technology, to become uploaded minds, disembodied beings of pure and immutable thought. (Nate Soares, in common with many of those working to eliminate the existential threat posed by AI, viewed this as the best-case scenario for the future, as the kingdom of heaven that would be ours if we could only avoid the annihilation of our species by AI. I myself found it hard to conceive of as anything other than a vision of deepest hell.)
The key thing about magical rationalism is that its approach to a given question always seems, and in most meaningful respects is, perfectly logical. To take our current example, the argument about AI posing an existential risk to our species seems, on one level, quite compelling. The basic gist is this: If and when we develop human-level artificial intelligence, it’s only a matter of time until this AI, by creating smarter and smarter iterations of itself, gives rise to a machine whose intelligence is as superior to our own as our intelligence currently is to that of other animal species. (Let’s leave the cephalopods out of this for the moment, because who knows what the hell is going on with those guys.) Computers being what they are, though, there’s a nontrivial risk of this superintelligent AI taking the commands it’s issued far too literally. You tell it, for instance, to eliminate cancer once and for all, and it takes the shortest and most logical route to that end by wiping out all life-forms in which abnormal cell division might potentially occur. (An example of the cure-worse-than-the-disease scenario so perfect that you would not survive long enough to appreciate its perfection.) As far as I can see, there’s nothing about this scenario that is anything but logically sound, and yet here we are, taken to a place that most of us will agree feels deeply and intuitively batshit. (The obvious counterargument to this, of course, is that just because something feels intuitively batshit doesn’t mean that it’s not going to happen. It’s worth bearing in mind that the history of science is replete with examples of this principle.)
In his book The Singularity is Near, Ray Kurzweil, a futurist and director of engineering at Google, lays out the specifics of this post-human afterlife. “The Singularity,” he writes, “will allow us to transcend these limitations of our biological bodies and brains. We will gain power over our fates. Our mortality will be in our hands. We will be able to live as long as we want (a subtly different statement from saying we will live forever). We will fully understand human thinking and will vastly extend and expand its reach. By the end of this century, the nonbiological portion of our intelligence will be trillions of times more powerful than unaided human intelligence.” This is magical rationalism in its purest form: It arises out of the same human terrors and desires as the major religions — the terror of death, the desire to transcend it — and proceeds toward the same kinds of visionary mythologizing.
In researching and reporting my book, To Be a Machine, I had spent much of the previous 18 months among the adherents of the transhumanist movement, a broad church comprising life-extension advocates, cryonicists, would-be cyborgs, Silicon Valley tech entrepreneurs, neuroscientists looking to convert the human brain into code, and so forth — all of whom were entirely convinced that science and technology would allow us to transcend the human condition. With many of these transhumanists (the vast majority of whom, it bears mentioning, were men), I had experienced some version of this weird cognitive dissonance, this apprehension of a logic-unto-madness. I had come across it so frequently, in fact, that I wound up giving it a name: magical rationalism.
This particular Singularitarian strain of magical rationalism could be glimpsed in Elon Musk’s widely reported recent comments at a conference in Dubai. Humans, he insisted, would need to merge with machines in order to avoid becoming obsolete. “It’s mostly about the bandwidth,” he explained; computers were capable of processing information at a trillion bits per second, while we humans could input data into our devices at a mere ten bits per second, or thereabouts. From the point of view of narrow rationalism, Musk’s argument was sort of compelling — if computers are going to beat us at our own game, we’d better find ways to join them — but it only really made sense if you thought of a human being as a kind of computer to begin with. (We’re computers; we’re just rubbish at computing compared to actual computers these days.)
While writing To Be a Machine, I kept finding myself thinking about Flann O’Brien’s surreal comic masterpiece The Third Policeman, in which everyone is unhealthily obsessed with bicycles, and men who spend too much time on their bicycles wind up themselves becoming bicycles via some kind of mysterious process of molecular transfer. Transhumanism — a world as overwhelmingly male as O’Brien’s rural Irish hellscape — often seemed to me to be guided by a similar kind of overidentification with computers, a strange confusion of the distinct categories of human and machine. Because if computation is the ultimate value, the ultimate end of intelligence, then it makes absolute sense to become better versions of the computers we already are. We must “optimize for intelligence,” as transhumanists are fond of saying — meaning by intelligence, in most cases, the exercise of pure reason. And this is the crux of magical rationalism: It is both an idealization of reason, of beautiful and rigorous abstraction, and a mode of thinking whereby reason is made to serve as the faithful handmaiden of absolute madness. Because reason is, among its other uses, a finely calibrated tool by which the human animal pursues its famously unreasonable ends.
This intense and deeply serious young programmer was Nate Soares, the executive director of MIRI (Machine Intelligence Research Institute), a nonprofit organization dedicated to the safe — which is to say, non-humanity-obliterating — development of artificial intelligence. As I listened to him speak, and as I struggled (and failed) to follow the algebraic abstractions he was scrawling on a whiteboard in illustration of his preferred doomsday scenario, I was suddenly hit by the full force of a paradox: The austere and inflexible rationalism of this man’s worldview had led him into a grand and methodically reasoned absurdity.
A Chinese manufacturer has skipped right over self-driving cars and moved on to designing self-driving drones. The one-passenger taxi service could be taking off this summer to help reduce traffic in Dubai.
Susan Fowler worked as an engineer at Uber for a year — a “very, very strange year” — which began with her being sexually propositioned by a manager via the company’s chat platform and ended with her quitting after she was told she could be fired (illegally) for reporting a discriminating manager to HR. Today, Fowler works for Stripe, a payment platform, doing site reliability engineering. She started her new role in January 2017, a month after parting ways with Uber; and just last weekend, she published a horrifying blog post, describing her experience as a woman working at Uber, that has already prompted the company to launch an independent investigation.
Her post is packed with details about her time at Uber. The incident involving a manager, who was clearly hoping she’d have sex with him — he told her that he and his girlfriend were in an open relationship, but that he was having a harder time finding women to sleep with him — happened within her first few weeks at the company back in November 2016. When she reported the manager to HR, along with screenshots she’d saved of their chat conversations, Fowler was told that since it was the manager’s first offense and he was a “high performer,” he’d be let off with a warning. Fowler opted to find a new team to join, instead of continuing to work beside him, for fear of retribution. But, she saved the screenshots. And each time Fowler faced another incident — like Uber refusing to purchase previously promised leather jackets for six female employees because the company couldn’t get the same bulk discount for their jackets as it could for the ones being purchased for over 120 men — she saved screenshots and emails.
When Fowler started at Uber, a quarter of the staff was female. By the time she left, Fowler writes that the number had dwindled to less than 6 percent. And still, despite all her efforts to make the workplace more hospitable for herself and her fellow female engineers, her complaints were repeatedly denied by Uber. Or worse, Fowler was told that she, just by nature of filing repeated complaints, was the problem. As she spent more time working at Uber and meeting more of her female colleagues, Fowler quickly learned that the “first offense” line she’d been fed by HR was likely bogus. Multiple women told her they had reported similar issues with that manager, and when the women demanded a group meeting with HR, they were told that only Fowler had ever lodged a complaint against him. “It was such a blatant lie that there was really nothing I could do,” Fowler writes. This wasn’t the only time Fowler was gaslit while at Uber. In her final weeks with the company, an HR representative told Fowler she was the “common theme” in all her issues with the company. When Fowler explained she didn’t initiate most of those issues and had the documentation prove it, the HR rep told her the company had no record of any of her complaints. “I had a new job offer in my hands less than a week later.”
Fowler’s record-keeping habits are perhaps the most infuriating part of her yearlong struggle with the company. This is a woman who did everything “right” — a woman who kept, and showed, the receipts. She reported incidents immediately to her managers and HR, and she came to those meetings with not just verbal complaints, but with physical proof to back her allegations. “Every time something ridiculous happened, every time a sexist email was sent, I’d sent a short report to HR just to keep a record going,” Fowler explains in her post. She was an exemplary employee with a “perfect performance score.” Or at least she was until a male manager clandestinely demoted her score as a way of blocking her from transferring teams, because it made him “look good” to have women on his team while the company at large hemorrhaged women.
Stories of women in tech who go public with the discrimination they face in the workplace typically don’t have happy endings. Ellen Pao, who would later co-found Project Include, a nonprofit working toward promoting diversity in the tech world, famously lost the lawsuit she filed against Silicon Valley VC firm Kleiner Perkins in 2012 for unfairly gendered hiring and promotion practices. In 2015, ex-Facebook employee Chia Hong filed, and later dropped, a gender and racial discrimination suit against the company. Adria Richards was fired from her job working as a developer for SendGrid, after she tweeted a picture of two men she overheard making a sexual joke — “big dongles” — at a Python programming conference in 2013. The two men in the photo would later apologize and say that Richards was “right,” but according to her former boss at SendGrid, “publicly shaming the offenders — and bystanders — was not the appropriate way to handle the situation.”
Amélie Lamont was fired from Squarespace in 2014 for slapping a co-worker, who she alleges touched her in a bar. Lamont detailed the racial and gendered discrimination she faced during her time at the company in a lengthy post on Medium, including an anecdote in which a colleague told her that she was “so black,” her skin blended in with a dark chair and made her difficult to see. (Lamont’s lawsuit against the company was dropped after her allegations that she was coerced into signing her severance deal immediately upon receiving it turned out to be false, but it did inspire another black female ex-Squarespace employee, Stephanie Duncker, to come forward with the discrimination she faced during her time at the company.) When Julie Ann Horvath announced she was leaving her role at GitHub after being harassed by one of the company’s founders and his wife, GitHub responded by suspending the founder. (He would later resign following investigation.) But Github’s suspension is uncharacteristic in the world of Silicon Valley, not to mention it took Horvath quitting her job and publicly disparaging the company for them to do anything.
Yet even with the security of her new job, Fowler’s tell-all is still a calculated read. It’s the voice of a woman who has learned that even in a situation where you have the right to be pull-your-hair-out angry, you have to soften things if you want to get anywhere. She calls her time at Uber, “strange, fascinating, and slightly horrifying.” Slightly. As though being repeatedly lied to by your employer and having your job threatened are mere slights. Amid her very serious allegations of rampant discrimination, Fowler still wedges in her gratitude for the opportunity to learn and work at Uber. It’s a tone that feels heavily influenced by a tech world that has historically treated women like second-class citizens, and by the broader cultural implications of a society that continually ignores women’s pain and denies their struggles. For any woman who has ever felt she was in the right, despite a situation beyond her control, it’s a familiar tone. “I feel a lot of sadness, but I can’t help but laugh at how ridiculous everything was,” Fowler explains at the end of her post. Because that’s what women — both in and out of tech — often have to do to be heard: couch their very real problems with a giggle.
Fowler’s story, like Horvath’s, comes with implicit privilege. Both women were, fortunately, able to speak out without completely derailing their careers. Today, Horvath works as a designer at Apple; and Fowler left Uber and was able to quickly transition to a role at a different company, doing the same work she loved doing at her old job. (Not for nothing, Fowler is quite clear that when things were good at Uber, she was passionate about the work she was doing and enjoyed her job.) One harrowing year aside, her career seems to still be on track, which is likely a big part of the reason Fowler felt comfortable enough to come forward. (The recent fervor of anti-Uber sentiment following the company’s response to President Trump’s executive order limiting immigration likely didn’t hurt either.) Many people, women particularly, do not have that luxury while facing discrimination in their workplaces. Leaving just isn’t an option.
It’s 2017 and the communist revolution is being spearheaded online by a 10-year-old vegetarian with a preference for red shirts and a lot to say. If you frequent Reddit, Dylan, or “Sceneable” as he’s known on YouTube, might have come into your sphere last week after his video, “We Need Communism,” climbed to the top of the socialism subreddit declaring him “the smollest comrade.”
Let’s start by talking a bit about your channel, Dylan. How long have you been on YouTube?Well, I first uploaded my first video in March of 2015, but my original channel actually started out because there was a comment I wanted to leave. My channel was actually made in 2013.
What was the comment you wanted to leave that got you to join YouTube?I forget.
Then two years later you decided to start posting your own videos. What was the first video you uploaded?Um, well it was about a topic I can’t … I don’t even have the energy or the will to talk about … okay, so I used to like Pokémon. I’m not interested in it anymore, and it was a video about that.
So you’re totally over Pokémon now? I guess you probably didn’t play Pokémon Go last summer then. No, that came out in 2016, and my video was in 2015.
You were way over Pokémon at that point.Oh, definitely. Definitely.
I’ve watched lots of your videos, and I saw one where you talk about changing the name of your channel to “Sceneable.” Can you tell me about why you decided to change the name?I don’t know. I just liked it better.
In the video, you talked a little bit about how you used to be “emo,” but now you’re more “scene.” Can you explain what that means?I don’t want to talk about that. I just don’t want to.
Okay, no worries. How do you pick your video topics? A lot of times it just comes from inspiration in me. Fear, rage, disgust … a lot of it is triggered by emotions.
So one of your big topics — and obviously how a lot of people, myself included, have found your videos via Reddit — is communism. What sparked your interest in communism?One day, I heard about it and so I found out more about it. I found out about it’s history of being, um … it started when I first heard about communism and the idea of nations sharing the wealth. Oftentimes, schools just spread this propaganda about it being a bad thing, and say you shouldn’t question it and you shouldn’t think about the fact that it brings money to people who need it; you should just go along with the fact that it’s inherently evil, even though it would stop the problem of having so many poor people.
So that’s what you like most about communism? The idea that wealth would be shared with poorer people?Yeah. Exactly. You got it in just one sentence.
But is there anything about communism that concerns you?Well, in the first video about communism I ever made, I said that I really don’t like people like Joseph Stalin and or Mikhail Gorbachev … however you say his name. People like that are people I could not support ever, which is why socialism is probably better than communism — I’m realizing.
What do you think of President Trump?Um, how do I put this nicely … [shouts into the phone] HE’S A BIG, FAT JOKE.
That’s putting it nicely, I guess. What concerns you the most about Trump?Starvation, stereotypes, war, but they’re just little problems.
You talk a lot about different forms of government, you’ve got some strong opinions of Trump, is politics something you could see yourself getting involved in as an adult?Yeah.
If you were president, what would be the first thing you’d do?Okay, um, how about — first of all, I’d change capitalism to communism in a nanosecond. Actually, socialism. Not communism. Then I’d move the troops out of Afghanistan, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia.
Sounds like you’ve given this some thought.Definitely.
You’ve got almost 20,000 followers on YouTube, and you’ve been posting videos for years, so I’m guessing you’ve faced a fair number of trolls.I have found so many people who don’t like me. Who just cannot believe me. A lot of them are people who completely hate communism with either very little facts or no facts. They call it “stealing.” If stealing and sharing were the same thing, they’d probably be the same word. I think people need to remember definitions are important.
Do you get a lot of positive feedback too?Definitely. I think this was on my video criticizing how people say God can be omnipotent, omnipresent, and omniscient at the same time, which is one of my most popular videos. I forget the user’s name who left this comment, but he said, and I quote, “This kid needs to be the president of every country.”
Over the weekend, Yiannopoulos appeared on Bill Maher’s HBO program, where Larry Wilmore told him to “go fuck yourself.” The next day, comments Yiannopoulos had made on a podcast about sexual relationships between adolescents and adults resurfaced, causing CPAC to promptly revoke his invitation to speak, and Simon & Schuster to cancel the publication of his no-longer-upcoming book, Dangerous.
Milo Yiannopoulos, the alt-right online celebrity who often spewed hateful rhetoric under the cover of “free-speech activism,” has resigned from Breitbart News. He was allegedly the tech editor.
Last March, when a jury ruled against Gawker Media and forced the company to pay $115 million for publishing newsworthy (and sexually explicit) footage of Hulk Hogan, Yiannopoulos expressed happiness at the court’s decision. Gawker was, in his mind, “being punished by readers and punished by the market.” Being a free-speech proponent, he told Select All at the time, “doesn’t mean you can’t take pleasure in seeing them get a bloody nose. I refuse to feel sorry for taking pleasure in this because they had it coming.”
Yiannopoulos said in a statement prior to a press conference this afternoon that he was resigning from Breitbart News in order to keep his actions from overshadowing that of his Breitbart colleagues. That claim runs counter to numerous reports from this past weekend, which stated that Breitbart employees were planning to walk if Yiannopoulos wasn’t fired. In a statement regarding Milo’s exodus, Breitbart praises his “bold voice.” Yiannopoulos was brought on board by current White House senior adviser Steve Bannon.
Yiannopoulos has frequently been held aloft in alt-right circles as someone who will say whatever they thought, regardless of the consequences. He courted controversy and earned ire by lobbing racist, sexist, vitriolic garbage at targets large and small. He earned a lifetime ban from Twitter for marshaling his followers to harass SNL star Leslie Jones, and, in a talk last year, identified and ridiculed a trans student at the University of Wisconsin (among many other abhorrent acts and statements). Last month, a talk he was supposed to give at UC Berkeley was canceled after students protested.
If you haven’t yet been introduced to Dylan, well then, you are in for a treat. Select All caught up with the fourth grader via phone (with his dad also on the line) to discuss his political opinions, newfound viral fame, and his thoughts on President Trump.
That’s tricky. Somebody always has to lead and be at the top. Right. Leaders can definitely corrupt an idea. I mean, come one, let’s think about Trump.
Poking around the dark corners of Reddit can be a risky move, as you never quite know what you’re going to find. But every once in a while, you stumble into something beautiful. This week’s find: a subreddit devoted to all the wonderfully deranged things people have done while under the influence of Ambien sleeping pills, or while experiencing a visit from the Ambien walrus, as redditors are known to call it. (There are also posts from people asking questions about the drug, discussing side effects, and other less-comical things; but truthfully, the best part is all of the posts from semiconscious people.)
Instagram has been offering this feature to advertisers for over a year, and began testing it out on Android a few weeks ago. All of this is — like every feature Instagram has revealed over the past year — an attempt to get users to post more, and in this case, reduces the anxiety users might feel for posting too many photos in a row.
Instagram is currently rolling out a new feature for its app starting today: the ability to upload albums containing up to ten videos or photos (or a mix of the two). The multimedia will exist in a single carousel post that users can swipe through horizontally. Each photo can be ordered manually and tweaked individually, in case you can’t decide on a filter.
To Instagram’s credit, this is the first feature they’ve introduced in a while that isn’t a complete mimic of something from Snapchat. So, congrats, I guess?
According to TechCrunch, Facebook’s use cases include photographing a surprise party or providing recipe instructions. Or, maybe just ten selfies. Go nuts. It’s your Instagram.
For example, this user discovering, and subsequently being baffled by, a sunset. “WHAT THE FUCK????!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??”
“Built a cabinet for our bathroom and don’t remember any of it,” explains another user. Admittedly, it is a nice-looking cabinet.
This guy popped 20 milligrams, decided to go to town cleaning his kitchen, and messaged his friend all about it.
As it turns out, texting while on Ambien is probably best avoided.
While some users post photos, others just go for plain-text, drug-induced ramblings. Like this winner about Kid Cudi and a piano made of cherries.
“Damn mhy teeeth so clean.”
Then again, maybe taking sleeping pills and then posting about it online is a great idea.
Select All does not condone prescription-drug abuse. Please only use Ambien as prescribed by a medical professional, and send us pictures and tweets when you do.
If you’re looking for a good way to kill 15 minutes (or several hours) online today, look no further than “Keeping Up With the Catdashians,” a livestream featuring four kittens living in a tiny dollhouse, complete with tiny bunk beds. The stream is sponsored by the Icelandic Cat Protection Society, which describes it as “the cutest slow-TV on the Internet.” (Note: The ICPS calls the kittens the “Catdashians” in English, but the “Kattarshians” in Icelandic.)
Katy Perry performed her new single “Chained to the Rhythm” this evening at the Brit Awards flanked by two giant skeletons and a cast of backup dancers dressed as tiny white houses. One of which stepped slightly out of formation and wound up crashing into the laps of the people seated in the front row of the audience.
You’re an American citizen, returning from a trip abroad. As you pass through customs, what can customs agents do with your phone, laptop, tablet, or any other digital device you may be carrying? As U.S.-born NASA scientist Sidd Bikkannavar found out when returning from Chile in early February, they can aggressively press you to give up your phone’s PIN, copy everything on your phone, and then send you on your way.
While the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is the nation’s largest law-enforcement agency, it operates under a significantly different set of regulations than your local police department. And that means it can search the phone of anyone — whether you’re a U.S. citizen or foreign national — who crosses the U.S. border, even without the suspicion that someone is committing a crime.
But the Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld that the Fourth Amendment’s requirements that law-enforcement agents produce probable cause and obtain a warrant are suspended at the border, due to the public interest in preventing the entry of dangerous weapons, drugs, or illegal content like child pornography.
In other words, CBP agents can take a look at your phone whenever they feel like it. “DHS’s official position is they do not need any level of suspicion in order to search a person’s mobile computing device, whether a laptop or a cell phone,” says Greg Nojeim, senior counsel for the Center for Democracy and Technology.
In August of 2009, CBP Directive 3340-049 laid out its policies on searching electronic devices (it’s explained in a-bit-more-understandable English in the CBP’s Privacy Impact Assessment). While it had already been searching electronic devices before this, the CBP’s directive formally declared its position, which is clear cut: “In the course of a border search, with or without individualized suspicion, an Officer may examine electronic devices and may review and analyze the information encountered at the border.”
You always have the right to remain silent — and this extends to not revealing your password or PIN when asked. “Some courts have found that a person cannot be compelled by the government to disclose their password, because it can violate their right against self-incrimination,” says Nojeim. This protection, however, may not extend to any device that can be unlocked with your fingerprint or other biometric indicators.
The distinction is a subtle but important one: Your PIN or password is information you have memorized in your mind, which courts have repeatedly affirmed you cannot be forced into giving up. Your body, however, is not so free — so federal agents can force you to unlock your phone using your fingerprint. You may want to disable that fingerprint-unlock feature on your phone before you travel.
This exception has been in place for decades, but has only recently become a larger privacy concern. Before the advent of laptops and smartphones, “the privacy interest was relatively low when you had one piece of luggage for a week-long trip to Baja,” says Sophia Cope, staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Even if you were carrying your work briefcase, there was a hard limit on how much information you could carry — there’s only so much paper you could fit in there. Not so much when your phone or laptop could contain everything from personal photos to tax records.
Regardless, clamming up about your password can only take you so far. If the CBP is determined to see what information you have, they can detain your devices until a legal search can be completed on them. This means, while you will eventually be allowed to reenter the U.S., your device will stay behind. If they want to do a deeper dive on your device, they need only have “reasonable suspicion” — a looser standard than probable cause, and one that doesn’t require a court’s approval — to use various tools on your devices in an attempt to unlock and do a deep search of your data.
The safest (and most expensive) option is to travel with a separate phone or laptop altogether. Before heading to the airport, wipe your travel phone and laptop (after backing up vital data to a cloud service somewhere). When returning to the U.S., you can present your phone and laptop if asked — without worry.
If that’s not possible, you can also turn to full-disk encryption to protect your information. (The iPhone uses encryption by default, and there are numerous solutions for doing the same to your Mac or PC laptop, as well as an Android device.) The issue here is that you’ll still be asked to power on your device and provide your password, meaning any encryption you had in place on your phone or laptop will be rendered useless. If you choose to not give up your password, your device can still be detained, and forensic tools used to attempt to decrypt it, if the CBP has reasonable suspicion.
And finally, if you are pulled aside for further screening, you can choose to simply give up your password and hope you can make it through without losing your device, or without being detained for a significant period of time. You may still want to take a moment before returning to the U.S. to delete any truly sensitive information on your phone, tablet, or laptop. The biggest concern: delete any communication or social-media apps on your phone that you don’t want someone looking at. As part of a search, CBP agents could easily open your mail or Facebook app and scan messages, friends, and recent activity. (Cope says EFF has heard, anecdotally, of this happening already.)
The one thing you can’t do: lie to a CBP agent. CBP officers are federal agents, the same as FBI officers, and deceiving them can result in a charge of “making false statements,” a federal crime that can result in jail time.
Since 2009, when the CBP first established its policies on what it can do when searching your electronic devices, there have been a few major cases that have altered the legal landscape. The first, U.S. v. Cotterman, was a Ninth Court decision that declared that border agents must have “reasonable suspicion” in order to perform forensic examination of your devices. The second, Riley v. California, was a Supreme Court case that determined that when someone is arrested, law-enforcement officials must still provide probable cause and obtain a search warrant before searching their phone. The Electronic Frontier Foundation hopes that the CBP can be persuaded to take both rulings into account when (and if) it considers a new policy, calling the 2009 policy “woefully out of date.”
Why? It all comes down to something called the “border search exception.”
As a citizen of the United States, you’re generally under the protection of the Fourth Amendment, which protects against the search and seizure of your person and belongings without law enforcement first finding probable cause, and obtaining a warrant from the courts.
The CBP says it prohibits “consideration of race or ethnicity in law enforcement, investigation, and screening activities, in all but the most exceptional circumstances.” But reading through the numerous reports of American citizens who have had their electronic devices searched, it’s hard not to see a pattern: many are Muslim — or might scan as Muslim to a CBP agent standing duty in, say, Niagara Falls. Add to this the continuing turmoil of Trump’s executive orders on immigration from majority-Muslim countries — as they work their way through the legal system (while Trump continues to issue new ones) — and you have a situation that should give pause to anyone who cares about privacy.
Meanwhile, Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat representing Oregon, sent a letter on Tuesday announcing that he plans to put forward legislation requiring a probable-cause warrant before a CBP agent could search a phone, or force foreign visitors to give up their online passwords. The bill would face strong headwinds — it would need to make it through Republican-controlled Congress and past Trump’s desk without getting vetoed. Still, it represents the first time that a senator is agitating for a change of the CBP’s policy on searching electronic devices.
The CBP maintains that such searches are rare. “Despite an increase in electronic-media searches during the last fiscal year, it remains that CBP examines the electronic devices of less than one-hundredth of one percent of travelers arriving to the United States,” says a spokesperson to Select All. Per the CBP, from October 1, 2015, to September 30, 2016, 390 million people passed through the border. Of those, 23,877 had their digital devices searched.
Sophia Cope at the Electronic Frontier Foundation remains skeptical. “While the percentage of data searches might be small,” she says, “to the extent that CBP is searching digital devices without a warrant or individualized suspicion, even one constitutional violation is concerning.”
But what can you do while CBP policy stands as is? “The most basic advice we give people is minimize the amount of data you carry with you,” says Cope. “Protect the data you do carry with you through encryption, disengage biometric unlocks, and when you travel, power down your device and use strong passwords.”
The new Department of Homeland Security chief, John Kelly, makes that seem unlikely in the near term. He’s also declared he wants the CBP to have the right to not only search phones but to also force foreign nationals to provide the passwords to online accounts. “We want to get on their social media, with passwords: What do you do, what do you say?” said Kelly in front of the House Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. “If they don’t want to cooperate then you don’t come in.”
If, for whatever reason, you don’t want to have border agents sifting through your personal data, you have a few options when traveling.
The video itself is a gem. (Sending you lots of good, healing vibes, little dancing house.) But imagine it as a six-second video looping ad nauseam until you have to put your phone down and take a lap around the block to calm yourself down because you’re sweaty and your abs hurt from laughing so hard. What I’m saying is … think of all the great missed Vine potential here. (The app, in case you’ve already forgotten, died last year.)
Sure, you could edit the clip into a shorter video and loop it yourself if you’ve got some technical know-how, but it’s just not the same. Vine. We miss you.
While you might just use emoji as a way to type faster and spice up your messages — proclaim your 100 status, weep like a sad kitten, let your significant other know you really want some eggplant Parmesan — but for some people, the pictographs aren’t just fun … they’re an obsession. Enter Justin Bai, a Brown University student who produced a short podcast for the school’s online story platform, Now Here This, detailing his search for answers about the picture of an unknown man that appeared on the card-index emoji. That’s the one that looks like a Rolodex — assuming you’re old enough to remember what those are. (Note: Apple redesigned the card-index emoji in December, and the photo is now an emoji woman instead of a human man.)
There are few tasks more Sisyphean in modern computing than comment moderation. For decades now, websites and social-media platforms have been tweaking comment sections in the hope of creating a space online where the chances of being called a “butthurt carelord” are vanishingly low. The problem they confront is that human moderation is slow and costly, especially at the scale most large companies are dealing with — but automated moderation is unable to handle the complicated nuances of language and meaning that are necessary to determine whether or not a comment should be heard.
Now, Google hopes that it’s cracked the problem. Perspective, a new API from Google’s Jigsaw division, goes public today — launching with partners including Wikipedia and the New York Times, but available to any developer who wants to incorporate it into their website. (An API, or application programming interface, is a way for developers to access computational functions and services provided by outside parties. In this case, Google.) Perspective works by rating text comments on a “toxicity” scale from 0 to 100; that score is generated by comparing a comment’s text against a data set of hundreds of thousands of comments, which have already been cataloged by a team of thousands of human evaluators. Each comment was evaluated by ten people with diverse backgrounds.
Developers could filter out comments with high toxicity scores, or prevent them from even being submitted in the first place. In one demo I observed, an interactive slider let readers set their own threshold. In another implementation, comments were evaluated and scored as users typed, along with an icon indicating the shifting toxicity as characters were tapped out. Jigsaw cited research that says just reminding users that their message would be received by a human on the other end had a big effect on what they wrote. Perspective could be a kind of Clippy for the comments section: “It looks like you’re writing a hateful insult. Maybe don’t?”
One particularly interesting thing about Perspective is that it focuses on “toxicity,” defined as “likelihood that this comment will make someone leave the conversation.” In other words — rather than a blackballed list of words or phrases, or an attempt to come up with a set of core values to define “offensiveness” — the system focuses on ensuring that conversations can continue. Because “toxicity” operates on a sliding scale, different websites can determine their own thresholds. “What is done with that number is entirely up to publishers,” Jigsaw president Jared Cohen said. “We’re trying to basically use machine learning to put the power in the hands of publishers.”
As anyone who has approached this problem has learned, trying to determine what is and is not kosher varies broadly between communities and people. “One of the core values is to remain topic-neutral as well,” Jigsaw product manager C.J. Adams explained, “so it’s not what you’re talking about, but how it is said.” Saying something like “same-sex marriage is a sin” might be deeply hurtful in one forum, but find consensus in another. “We started with several different questions,” Adams told me. “Should we ask ‘is this a personal attack?’ or ‘is this offensive?’ and in the case of [the latter], there was much lower agreement between people. One hypothesis is that people might say ‘that is offensive, that offends me’ even if [the comment] is not stated disrespectfully.”
The system isn’t without flaws — the comment “shut up this song is sick!” generated a false positive, and the system seemed forgiving to numerous Donald Trump dog whistles that I plugged in — but Jigsaw’s hope is that Perspective gets smarter as time goes on. For the privacy-conscious, Google says that comments analyzed by Perspective (which need to be sent to the company’s servers) aren’t tied to any user identity; and if developers would prefer, they can request that comments sent through their implementation not be retained at all.
That’s why Google is anxious to be clear that Perspective is not a censorship filter prizing certain values over others. “We are not the arbiters of what is toxic and what isn’t,” Cohen made clear. Of course, Perspective may not be the arbiter for what “counts” as toxic, but it is the arbiter for the scale on which that judgment will be made — and this is where it’s most likely to run into trouble. “Topic-neutral” software is still making judgments about expression, and if there’s one thing people on the internet hate, it’s having their expressions judged. You could easily imagine an objection from people who don’t understand why comments directed at, for example, Nazis are obligated to be below a certain toxicity threshold. But Perspective, as a tool, solves this problem by decentralizing its power. It’s not just that thousands of people from different backgrounds are making judgments about the toxicity scale — rather than a small handful of omnipotent judges — it’s also that once it’s deployed, each site can control its own individual culture and tone. “You, the publisher, decide if that threshold is 99 or 9, if it’s 27 or 77,” Cohen said. “All of that power is put in the hands of the publisher, and what the publisher does with that score is entirely up to them.”
The big question, of course, is whether any of this will work, or if Perspective will just be another in a long line of failed attempts to pacify the comment sections of the web. What it has going for it is that it’s easy to understand and simple to integrate (Jigsaw described it as something one developer could deploy in an afternoon), but neural networks need information, and the more sites using it, the better it will become. Jigsaw’s launch partners are three news organizations (the Times, the Economist, and the Guardian) and Wikipedia. Social-media websites could probably incorporate the API — imagine a Perspective toxicity indicator next to, for instance, Twitter’s character counter, or a “maximum allowable toxicity” setting you could apply to your timeline — but whether Google’s competitors would even consider such a move is up in the air. And that doesn’t even cover Google’s own properties: YouTube, owned by Google and often cited as home to the web’s worst comments, has no plans to integrate Perspective right now. For now, you may have to remain accustomed to being called a “butthurt carelord.”
In his research, Bai discovered a New York Magazine interview from 2012 with Willem Van Lancker, who told New York he created 400 of the 500 original emoji characters while he was an intern at Apple in 2009. But when Van Lancker didn’t initially respond to Bai’s tweets and emails, Bai turned to Ollie Wagner, a programmer who also worked at Apple back in the early emoji days, who says he designed over 300 of the emoji. “I think he [Van Lancker] actually designed closer to maybe 15 or 20,” Wagner told Bai. “I think maybe he had done some tweaks maybe on 50 more than that, but, yeah, the vast majority of them were designed before his time.” Wagner also claims he designed the pizza emoji, which he says he knows Van Lancker claimed he designed. “Willem’s work folder contained 74 emoji, around 15 to 20 of which were original,” Wagner said. “Otherwise he made extremely minor tweaks to align with feedback from the carriers and Unicode.”
With this new and puzzling info, Bai again reached out to Van Lancker, who replied quickly. “Authorship is complex, especially for a project of this scope, size, and duration,” Van Lancker said. “I did an interview years ago that tried to make that too simple, crediting me as ‘the designer.’ The emoji had several designers involved, both before and after I worked on them.” Van Lancker reiterated his claim that he worked on a “few hundred emoji” during his time at Apple. After their conversation, Bai says he rechecked Van Lancker’s website and discovered the “personal favorites” section (meaning “personal favorites” of the emoji he designed) had vanished.
As for Bai’s original quest to find the man on the card-index emoji, he was ultimately unsuccessful. Wagner guessed it was probably a stock photo, and Bai wasn’t able to track down anything conclusive. But honestly, the great battle for emoji bragging rights is a way better story anyway.
One too low flight plan aside, this seems like a pretty foolproof weight-loss method, and the tigers seem to enjoy chasing the drone around the sanctuary. Now, to figure out how to replicate this with humans, launch it on Kickstarter, and make a gazillion dollars.
At the beginning of 2012, Apple ended a long-standing program in its stores that, in retrospect, foresaw (or maybe caused) a cultural shift: They stopped offering rebates on printers. Up until then, customers purchasing a new Apple computer were eligible to receive a $100 rebate on any printer purchased simultaneously with a computer. In essence, Apple was giving away a free printer with every purchase.
But things change, and habits change, and lifestyles change, and the printer I got in 2009 along with my new MacBook has disappeared. In 2009, I set it up quickly after I set up my computer in my dorm room. Hey, if I was going to be writing papers, I was obviously going to be printing them as well. Maybe I’d print out all of my readings, too! (This isn’t important, but the printer was right by the door; one morning, my roommate got accepted into an a cappella group, and they sprayed him with champagne when he opened the door. And for the next four years, I would find small flecks of crusty champagne all over my damn printer.)
It was even, in retrospect, an enjoyable process. There was a small ritual to hitting the print icon; making sure your settings were correct; hitting “Print”; walking over to the printer; remembering that hitting “Print” only opened another menu; walking back to the computer to click “OK”; waiting for the printer to connect; quickly realizing you forgot to print double-sided copies; canceling the print job; spending eight minutes Googling “Windows XP print double-sided,” fixing the settings and hitting Ctrl + P again; realizing that you forgot to put your name and date at the top of the assignment; reprinting just the first page; realizing that your edits shifted the text on every page, so you have to reprint the entire assignment; noticing that you forgot to add page numbers, so you have to reprint it one more time; and fearing that your parents would yell at you for wasting so much of their precious ink. Remember how fun that was? God, I miss it.
Deals similar to this were pervasive throughout the early days of modern sedentary computing. If you were going to get a new computer, obviously you had to get a new printer. People were always printing stuff out! Book reports, spreadsheets, a particularly funny pic from a chain email to pin to one’s corkboard. For decades, printing was how you transferred information from your computer to the real world, and the real world was still more important than what was on your computer screen.
By the end of college, that printer mostly sat dormant. Occasionally, I’d take advantage of its built-in flatbed scanner, but I’d stopped printing out readings and concert tickets. I used the school’s printers for when I actually needed a hard copy, because in my mind, the few bucks I spent on printing each semester was still cheaper than the cost of buying a new ink cartridge.
I am not alone in this regard. As more and more activities are conducted digitally, and now that those digital files can be transported and displayed on mobile devices, printing habits have shifted.
An informal, unscientific survey showed a pervasive lack of pride in printer ownership. Some admitted that they used theirs once a week, another respondent said that he used his “once a month probably. I hate it.”
A popular response from printer owners was that they technically only owned one because it was combined with a flatbed scanner. One admitted that “mine is pretty much left over from my senior year of college, and I probably wouldn’t replace if it it broke.”
Last I knew, it was sitting in its battered original packaging in my parent’s garage — maybe it was sold. I sure as hell wasn’t bringing it with me to New York, where almost everyone pays too much to rent too little space. It wasn’t a bad printer; I just wasn’t using it anymore. Now, whenever I need anything printed out — mostly financial documents and Amazon return labels — I’ll print them out at work, or at the library. My phone now doubles as a document scanner.
“I have free printing on campus but still got a shitty one from Costco, can’t think of a single friend that has one,” another reported.
Maybe printing just needs to change with the times! But anecdotal personal experience speaks to a future in which more business is conducted digitally, and hard copies become a rarity. Print subscriptions in media are falling, ticketing — from concerts to airlines — is going digital, and you can add your John Hancock to most objects with a scan or a track pad. Hard copies will always serve some purpose, but will it ever be necessary to personally own one of those big, beige suckers again? I remain skeptical.
Stephanie Dismore, vice-president and general manager for the Americas at HP, was quick to maintain that “people are still printing.” The big issue is that those darned millennials are shaking things up in a big way. Home-office printers and supply sales, according to HP’s data, have mostly remained consistent over the years, but the experience is changing to revolve around mobile. “Work spaces are changing, people are using devices to do their work, whether they’re at home, on site, or remotely,” she said.
Back in 2015, Facebook rolled out a feature that lets users add an animated frame to their profile pictures. Users and brands can submit frames, which means options range from generic (hearts) to hyperspecific (a Christmas-light-laden holiday frame for NBC’s This Is Us.) Today, as first noted by TechCrunch, the company released nearly 200 flag frames that users can now use to decorate their profile pictures. Here’s how to use them.
Add the flag of your country of residence. Add the flag of the country you immigrated to. Add the flag with the colors that best highlight your complexion. Add the flag of one of the countries affected by Trump’s travel ban. The possibilities are endless.
Kellyanne Conway spoke today at the Conservative Political Action Conference, where she offered up her own definition of conservative feminism. “There’s an individual feminism wherein you make your own choices,” she said. “I look at myself as a product of my choices, not a victim of my circumstances, and that’s really to me what conservative feminism is all about.” Conway also mentioned that she finds modern feminism to be “anti-male” and “pro-abortion.”
As has now become almost a custom in 2017, following her speech, Merriam-Webster noted that searches for “feminism” spiked, prompting the dictionary to tweet the word’s definition — which, unsurprisingly, looks fairly different from the one Conway promoted at CPAC.
It’s unclear if this is more or less shady than the time Merriam-Webster pulled the exact same stunt following Conway’s explanation of “alternative facts” on Meet the Press.
This morning, security researchers working with Google announced that they have successfully created a technique for engineering a collision using the SHA-1 hash function, potentially endangering systems and web services that still use SHA-1 for security purposes. Nobody’s in any immediate danger, but the breakthrough demonstrates how even the measures we thought were once impenetrable can be cracked with relative ease.
Hash functions like SHA-1 analyze files, and then generate a string of characters based on that analysis, a one-of-a-kind fingerprint of sorts. That string of characters, known as a hash, helps determine file integrity. An unaltered file should always generate the same hash every time it is run through the program. (You can try it here.) If you were sending delicate information, you might use a hash to verify that what was transmitted had not been tampered with. Web log-in systems, for instance, use hashes to analyze passwords, in order to evaluate them without exposing the password itself.
Marc Stevens and Pierre Karpman of CWI Amsterdam, and Elie Bursztein, Ange Albertini, Yarik Markov of Google were able to generate a collision using Google’s resources, concluding that “a well-funded attacker can craft a collision. The attacker could then use this collision to deceive systems that rely on hashes into accepting a malicious file in place of its benign counterpart.”
“Well-funded” is a key word here in describing the attack effort. The attack required “6,500 years of CPU computation to complete the attack first phase” and “110 years of GPU computation to complete the second phase.” That requires a lot of hardware resources, though it’s hardly unobtainable.
Also worth noting is that SHA-1 is not the most en vogue cryptographic hash function. SHA-256 and SHA-3 are more current and secure algorithms that haven’t been broken (yet), and most leading companies that take security seriously are already using them. All of the mainstream web browsers already (or soon will) warn users visiting websites that utilize SHA-1. Chrome and the rest of Google’s products have already been upgraded, and Firefox will also soon flag SHA-1 protection as insecure. The team’s method for generating the collision won’t be publicized for 90 days, and in the meantime, that gap should encourage anyone still using SHA-1 to upgrade to a more secure option.
So is there anything to worry about? Not really. But the breakthrough is a reminder that systems that we once considered impenetrable are quickly falling victim to faster and faster processing power. And, of course, this team is only the first to publicize their findings. You can pretty much assume that government agencies like the NSA have been hacking away at this, and the more secure hash functions previously mentioned, for years. Full cybersecurity is a moving target that we can’t ever expect to hit.
Most importantly, different inputs should generate different hashes. When different inputs have the same hash, that’s known as a collision.
Update 02/23/17 5:30 p.m.: As reported by Motherboard, the Harbin Siberian Tiger Park is apparently a known slaughter farm which “specializes in contraband like tiger bone, meat, pelts, and a specialty called ‘bone wine.’”
It’s been one year since Facebook introduced the suite of reaction buttons that let people respond to content with more than just the classic thumbs-up. In addition to liking posts, Facebook added a wider range of emotions — “Love,” “Ha ha,” “Wow,” “Sad,” and “Angry” — each with a corresponding emoji. Since they were introduced, a Facebook representative told Select All that users have reacted over 300 billion times. The number-one reaction: the heart emoji.
According to Facebook, of the new options (so not including the standard “Like”) the “Love” reaction accounted for over half of the reactions used throughout the entire year. Christmas 2016 marked the highest number of total reactions in a single day, with, you guessed it, “Love” being the top-used reaction.
In the three years since Bruno Mars released “Uptown Funk,” we’ve been subjected to edits involving everything from Harry Potter characters to medical students. Even as recently as fall 2016, we sat and watched as the Stranger Things kids danced and sang the number during a preshow performance at the Emmys.
It’s funny. It’s quiet (most of the video is a silent still of Mars & Co. staring at their watches). It’s only a minute and fourteen seconds long. “It’s ‘Uptown Funk,’ but they actually wait a minute.”
Today, I am here to tell you that all of those versions are bad, and that there is only one good “Uptown Funk” edit: This video that features a full minute of silence after Mars sings, “stop, wait a minute.”
On Wednesday morning, Brianna Olivas says her rose-gold iPhone 7 Plus started smoking while the plastic case melted around the outside of the device. Her boyfriend filmed the device melting down on a bathroom counter, and the video has since been shared thousands of times on Twitter. “Dude, what the fuck,” Olivas says in the background.
Uber’s very bad February just got worse. Google’s (er, Alphabet’s) self-driving car company, Waymo, filed a lawsuit against Uber on Thursday, claiming Uber stole its design for a laser-scanning detection system from Waymo.
The heart of the claim focuses on Otto, a self-driving trucking company founded by former Google engineer Anthony Levandowski and acquired by Uber for $680 million in August of 2016. According to Waymo, Levandowski intentionally accessed Waymo’s servers and downloaded 9.7 GB of Waymo data and documents, copied them to an external hard drive, and then wiped his laptop in an attempt to hide his trail, all shortly before leaving to start Otto in January of 2016.
The complaint states that Google quickly discovered Levandowski’s alleged mass download from Waymo servers, despite Levandowski’s attempts to cover his trail. The complaint also mentions that Google discovered that several other former Google employees who joined Levandowski’s new company had similarly copied information about suppliers and manufacturing details. But, for whatever reason, Google held off any legal action.
Google claims this was “calculated theft” that allowed Otto (and later Uber) to steal trade secrets about Waymo’s Light Detection and​ Ranging (or LiDAR) system, which uses a 360-degree array of lasers to provide self-driving vehicles with the vital information of what’s happening on the road around it.
The full complaint lays out an interesting timeline for the case. After Uber acquired Otto in August of 2016, Google decided to take a closer look at the circumstances surrounding Levandowski’s departure. As the charmingly mean-spirited complaint notes: “Otto’s purchase price was reported as $680 million, a remarkable sum for a company with few assets and no marketable product.” Many saw the Otto acquisition as a way for Uber to muscle its way into the trucking industry, which employs over 3.5 million drivers and did $726 billion in revenue in 2016.
It’s also worth noting that Google Ventures, Google’s VC investment fund, put $250 million into Uber in 2013. Google’s senior vice-president David Drummond even sat on Uber’s board for a time. Shortly after Uber acquired Otto, Drummond stepped down. Still, the investment remains, which presents the odd situation where a company owned by Google is suing a company in which Google owns a significant stake. The lawsuit could ultimately affect how much Google will be able to cash out on its investment if Uber’s IPO is indeed affected.
After filing a public-records request in Nevada (the state where a tremendous amount of autonomous-vehicle testing takes place), Google says it confirmed its suspicions on February 3. Three weeks later, it filed suit.
Even more potentially disastrous for Uber would be the lawsuit’s effect on its long-rumored IPO, which many believe will happen in 2017. Uber, valued at $68 billion on paper, is already facing a strong headwind thanks to a long press cycle that has turned #DeleteUber into a trending topic on Twitter, and made the company a byword for Silicon Valley arrogance, misogyny, and anti-worker attitudes. Prominent VC investor Kate Mitchell of Scale Ventures said on Tuesday that Uber’s self-inflicted wounds over horrifying gender bias in the workplace were already having an effect. “That’s really starting to affect how we perceive the company and its public persona,” she said to CNBC on Tuesday. “I think it’s a challenge for them going forward toward an IPO.” And this, of course, was before news of the lawsuit broke.
This changed in December, when a supplier accidentally emailed a Google employee an attachment meant for Uber. When the attachment was opened, it showed a schematic for Uber’s planned LiDAR tech, which Google claims looked nearly identical to its own design — including an innovation by Google that allowed its LiDAR system to use only one lens for receiving information, which greatly reduces cost and complications in manufacturing a working LiDAR array.
It’s hard to calculate the potential fallout of the lawsuit, but it has the potential to be devastating. It’s a rarity in tech patent-infringement lawsuits, in that Google’s complaint states it has forensic evidence of actual theft, versus just pointing toward the similarity between the two companies’ products. This could greatly increase the liability hanging over Uber (and could make Uber more willing to settle out of court). But the impact could be felt by Uber before the case is either settled or makes its way to a jury trial. Google is seeking a preliminary injunction against Uber, which would likely halt Uber’s ambitious real-world testing and demonstration of its self-driving cars and trucks.
We reached out to Uber for comment, but the company has yet to respond. We’ll update when and if it does.
Olivas told Mashable she bought the phone through Sprint in January, and the day before it started smoking, she brought the phone back to the store because it wouldn’t turn on. Store employees told her the phone was in proper working condition and sent her home. The next day, she says she was sleeping with the phone charging beside her in bed, when her boyfriend moved the device to a nearby dresser. She told Gizmodo she only uses the Apple-issued charger that came with the phone.
From Olivas via Mashable:
Apple is currently investigating the video, and Olivas told The Verge the company has given her a replacement phone in the meanwhile. Here’s hoping this incident is a one-off, and that Apple isn’t looking at a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 situation. Also, no matter what phone you use, maybe think twice about sleeping with it plugged in six inches from your face.
Yesterday, web-infrastructure provider Cloudflare disclosed the discovery and subsequent mitigation of a bug — now known as “Cloudbleed” — in its system. This was a big-deal bug, and it’s been patched (though, in some cases, the more paranoid might want to change their passwords), and you’re welcome to take my word for it and stop reading now. But if you’d like to know what happened, why, and what you should do, read on.
Still, it’s an extremely important company for the infrastructure of the internet. Long story short, a portion of the traffic between you and the websites you use flows through Cloudflare. And, in fact, many different websites use the same Cloudflare hardware at the same time.
Before understanding the bug, it’s important to understand what Cloudflare is. Cloudflare provides a number of services to millions of websites, mostly focused on maintaining those sites’ stability and security. They’ll mirror sites and set up redundancies if the site suddenly becomes swarmed with traffic, or handle a site’s implementation of SSL, the system that provides secure web traffic. They’re used by many large tech companies — some of which you almost certainly use yourself — but generally speaking, Cloudflare works unseen in the background; and if you’re just a casual web browser, there’s no reason you should have heard of it.
According to Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince, who walked me through the whole saga over the phone this morning, the bug actually stems from a piece of code that was written about five years ago, but it was unleashed when Cloudflare made a change to its system last September. If its HTML parser was fed a bad piece of code written by a website that uses Cloudflare, the bug could happen under “an extremely rare set of circumstances that had to happen in a particular order.”
At that point last fall, these memory leaks started happening, according to Prince, at a very low frequency — ten or so times a day is how it was characterized. That all changed on February 13, when another system change increased the circumstances under which Cloudbleed could be executed. Still, a site would have to have a piece of poorly written HTML and a specific combination of Cloudflare features enabled in order to trigger the bug. According to Prince, the vast majority of these bug instances came from search engines, which automatically request web pages in order to index them. That’s how Google got involved.
So: Cloudbleed. The big problem with the bug was that Cloudflare would return sensitive data stored on uninitialized memory when an HTTP request was made under very specific circumstances and technological configurations. The Google team that found the bug was finding “private messages from major dating sites, full messages from a well-known chat service, online password-manager data, frames from adult-video sites, [and] hotel bookings.”
Among what Google observed was what Prince referred to as Cloudflare’s “NSA key.” When the company’s servers communicate with each other, that data is encrypted using said key. “We always internally called it the ‘NSA key’ because if the NSA was sitting on a piece of fiber connecting two of our data centers,” Prince said, “this was the key that kept that data from being listened in on.”
On the 17th, Tavis Ormandy, who works on Google’s Project Zero, a team devoted to finding security vulnerabilities and patching them, “was working on a corpus distillation project, when I encountered some data that didn’t match what I had been expecting.” Figuring out how to reproduce the issue, the team “observed encryption keys, cookies, passwords, chunks of POST data and even HTTPS requests for other major cloudflare-hosted sites from other users.” That’s otherwise known as data from one of Cloudflare’s six million clients that had previously flowed through the server’s network. These are not things that should be publicly accessible, even through complicated technical maneuvering. Like the Heartbleed glitch a few years ago, it involves extracting what is essentially “leftover” data from computer memory not in use.
Ormandy quickly contacted Cloudflare, and according to the company’s timeline, it mitigated most of the problem in a matter of hours. “Within 44 minutes, 99 percent of the problem was patched across our network,” and the final one percent came about seven hours later. (It also didn’t publicly disclose the bug until yesterday, which clearly frustrated the Project Zero team.)
But there was another issue: Search engines had already scraped and retained portions of the memory leaks, so Cloudflare then had to contact search engines like Google and Bing and get all of the leaks taken down.
“There were about 150 Cloudflare customers where we were able to identify that some chunk of users’ data flowed through the system and had ended up in a [search engine],” Prince recalled. Cloudflare notified those customers, who, if they’re competent, notified their users and mandated a password reset or similar security maneuver.
The Cloudbleed glitch is not the same as the attacks that leaked millions of LinkedIn and Yahoo login credentials, and it appears to have been fixed before it could be widely exploited. Still, Prince readily admitted that “it could have been extremely bad. I think that we largely dodged a bullet.” It’s generally a good practice to update passwords on a regular basis, but the catastrophic implications of Cloudbleed appear, as of now, hypothetical. The bug was uncovered by a large tech organization that pokes at web infrastructure in ways that most hackers can’t, and the likelihood that it was exploited before it was fixed is very low.
Another part of understanding Cloudbleed is that precisely whose information could be exposed is dependent on what proportion of Cloudflare traffic its customers use. As Prince put it, on a highway, you’re far more likely to see a Toyota instead of a Maserati. Similarly, large tech companies that constantly pass through Cloudflare at a higher rate, and thus are more likely to be exposed, have their own security protocols.
Cloudflare is now going through the process of reviewing the rest of its systems, and Prince said that they were inserting data into their code that, if it appeared publicly accessible online, would act as a canary for leak issues.
Do you have to, as Gizmodo put it, “Change Your Passwords. Now”? Not necessarily. Much of that hand-wringing comes from an enormous list of sites that use Cloudflare, whose author admits, “just because a domain is on the list does not mean the site is compromised, and sites may be compromised that do not appear on this list.” Kinda broad, no? That said, if resetting all of your passwords gives you peace of mind, it would be foolish for me to stop you.
Wix, a service that specializes in helping non-developers build websites, has closed a deal to pay $36 million dollars for famed online-art-repository DeviantArt. According to TechCrunch, the deal closed yesterday.
The sale of DeviantArt comes as something of a surprise, if only because the site, popular among online artists, has also mostly flown under the radar throughout its existence. Founded in 2000, the site has remained a bustling hub for amateur creators of all sorts — photographers, sketch artists, fanfic writers, MS Paint aficionados. The site’s weirder corners were part of its charm, a place where vore (Google it) and mpreg (Google it) enthusiasts could share their fantasies of Waluigi and Knuckles raising a child together (don’t Google it). It was a place where you could find very charming drawings of My Little Pony and disturbingly erotic drawings of My Little Pony side by side.
The deal gives both parties access to the others’ resources. That means that Wix users will be able to use DeviantArt creations on their sites, and DeviantArtists will be able to use Wix’s site-building and e-commerce tools to build stronger online presences.
It should be said that I don’t mean to ridicule DeviantArt, which hosts a myriad of different works made by people of different skills. This is just to say that, hopefully, the acquisition of DeviantArt won’t erase the ramshackle charm that so many love it for.
On Friday, Vice-President Pence gave a speech in Las Vegas for the Republican Jewish Coalition. While he was speaking, his official @VP Twitter account tweeted snippets of his speech showing Pence’s support for Israel. Well, almost … Pence’s tweets mistakenly included the Nicaraguan flag emoji instead of the Israeli flag emoji.
Since the now-deleted tweets were shared simultaneously with Pence’s speech, it’s unlikely that the VP sent them himself. Still, discerning between the two blue-and-white striped flags is going to remain important for Pence and his team as the Trump administration continues to reaffirm its loyalty to Israel. For future reference, the flag emoji are listed in alphabetical order. You have to pass the Israeli flag to get to the Nicaraguan flag.
Before opening the Academy Awards with a performance of “Can’t Stop the Feeling” from Trolls that lasted for approximately an hour, Justin Timberlake walked the red carpet with his wife, Jessica Biel. The couple posed for photos, most of which were probably totally normal and fine, but that didn’t seem to be enough for JT. Instead, he decided to creep behind his wife for a few shots, posing for what would be the first of many meme-worthy moments throughout the evening.
Later on in the night, Timberlake pulled a similar stunt with Emma Stone. Luckily for him, she also seemed to be a pretty good sport about discovering the singer’s wide-mouthed face popping up behind hers.
He seems to be taking that whole Trolls thing maybe a little too literally.
Auli’i Cravalho is having quite the night at the Academy Awards. The 16-year-old actress starred in Moana and this evening took the stage to give a stunningly poised performance of “How Far I’ll Go,” which is nominated for Best Song. It was nearly perfect, save for the brief moment where Cravalho was smacked in the head by a rogue flag being waved by a backup dancer.
Cravalho didn’t seem thrown by the flag for very long and proceeded to nail the rest of her performance.
Here’s hoping Gary’s viral-fame cycle goes better than Ken Bone’s did.
In a much-previewed gag during tonight’s Academy Awards, host Jimmy Kimmel invited a supposedly random group of tourists off a Los Angeles star-tour bus to into the show in the middle of the live telecast. The bit went on for a while — a gift for anyone who likes their humor drawn-out and awkward, and a disaster for everyone else — but was rescued by one unlikely hero: Gary from Chicago. Gary, cell phone in hand, stumbled into the Dolby Theatre a virtual unknown and walked out the Ken Bone of the Oscars. At least as far as Twitter is concerned.
In case you missed this wonderful moment, here’s a quick breakdown of what happened. Gary, along with his fiancée, walked into the Oscars. Despite Kimmel’s insistence that Gary would be able to watch the clip on television later, Gary clutched tightly to his purple cell phone. His fiancée mentioned that Denzel Washington was her favorite actor, prompting Kimmel to pull him up toward the couple. Washington then “married” Gary and his fiancée (who documented the moment with a selfie stick). Gary also took a selfie with Mahershala Ali, though it appears the photo he took featured only Ali’s Oscar statue and not the actor himself. While the whole thing was fairly cringeworthy for those of us at home, Gary’s “I’ll do what I want” attitude helped salvage Kimmel’s gag. “I feel like you’re ignoring all the white celebrities,” Kimmel said. “Yes, I am,” Gary replied.
Jimmy Kimmel added several painful minutes to the Academy Awards on Sunday by welcoming a group of tourists off a bus in Hollywood into the Dolby Theatre. The tourists — who looked understandably star-struck and also like maybe this whole bit had been planned in advance — included a man named Gary from Chicago who would quickly become the Ken Bone of the evening. Gary’s fiancée (Denzel Washington mock-wed the couple during the show) was also in attendance.
Ryan, if you’d like to let us know what you said we’d be happy to update this post.
Though we did not learn her name, we did receive several key pieces of information about her during the gag. One: She’s pro-selfie stick. Two: She was not about whatever it was Ryan Gosling whispered in her ear. And three: Her face in that moment of displeasure (or shock, or horror, or who really knows) is highly meme-able.
Moonlight took home the 2017 Academy Award for Best Picture, but only after it was erroneously announced that La La Land had won. After the La La Land team was well into their acceptance speeches, producer Jordan Horowitz — who, to his credit, handled the whole mishap like an elegant pro — took the mic and announced there had been an error. (Presenter Warren Beatty allegedly was given the card for Best Actress winner Emma Stone, which prompted Faye Dunaway to announce Stone’s movie as the winner.)
Congrats to the cast of Moonlight on a very good movie and an even better meme.
To confirm that Moonlight was the rightful winner, he held up the Best Picture winner card, which, sure enough, didn’t say La La Land. But in doing so, Horowitz violated an important internet rule if you’re even a little bit famous: Never hold up an easily Photoshoppable sign.
A horde of presumably drunk people on a night train in London has gifted us with some odd footage. As described by passenger Dougie Stew, there were “about 4 different story lines alllll at the same time… honestly like something straight out of black mirror.”
Please watch to the end. It is a very good and confounding video. Truly, humanity is a rich tapestry of diverse experiences, and the bagel-train fight video is but a mere thread.
So, what’s going on here? Two women are trying to fight each other on a train, and are being held back by a crowd that is successfully keeping them apart. At the same time, across the aisle, the women sitting behind the man in glasses are placing bagels on his head (according to one London resident I spoke with, they probably bought a ten-pack of bagels at Sainsbury’s to take on the final night train). The crowd begins chanting “on his head he’s got a bagel!” and the guy keeps standing up to throw his head-bagels out the window.
The fight spills out onto the train platform, and the footage ends with a stone-silent car being investigated by the police.
Because this was filmed in Snapchat, we only get the story in ten-second increments. It soon becomes clear that the guy is no longer taking the bagels in stride, and now he wants to fight someone. This inspires one of the women who was fighting before to try to restart her beef as well.
At its height, the British Empire controlled nearly one quarter of the world’s population and one quarter of its land mass.
Video-game streaming service Twitch made an announcement this morning that practically everyone saw coming ever since the site was acquired by Amazon: It will begin selling games directly. Beginning this spring, Twitch will start selling downloadable PC games directly on its platform, which can then be installed through a software launcher that contains users’ digital collections.
The service with the most to lose from Twitch bolstering game sales is Steam, the de facto point of sale for PC game downloads, run by Valve Software. Other services have tried to take on Steam to varying success, but nobody has come close to surmounting it. Amazon’s move to integrate Twitch into its sale of PC games is probably the best effort yet to pose a real threat — a combined storefront and social network tied to a large company that can flex some muscle when it comes to competitive pricing.
While there will be a dedicated storefront on Twitch, the bigger tweak is allowing people to purchase games right from a channel page. In other words, people watching someone play a fun game on a stream will be able to buy it themselves with a few clicks. This has been the clear endgame for Amazon, and explains why the e-commerce company paid $1 billion for what was mostly a media operation in 2014.
The interesting thing about Twitch’s rollout of video-game sales is their current focus on digital distribution. It is well within Amazon’s capacity to integrate selling physical goods, like console games, into Twitch, but they’re not doing that.
Buying a game directly from a channel page offers streamers another way to collect revenue, in addition to users paying a $5 monthly subscription and tipping them at will. Users who purchase games on Twitch will also get “crates” full of random bonus rewards like custom emoji and in-game items. The Twitch Prime program, which offers free games and perks to Amazon Prime subscribers, is similar in this regard.
Wholesome memes — memes that are genuinely kind and not just vehicles for snark — have been on the scene for some time now. But this weekend, internet artist Daniel Alexander brought them back into the mainstream of Twitter and Reddit with a new variation on the wholesome theme. Alexander — who goes by @SNCKPCK on Twitter — combined pictures of dogs with hidden messages to create a sort of meme-game hybrid. To play, just zoom in on the dog’s nose. From there, follow the directions hidden around the images until you get to the cutesy message at the end.
The “Zoom In” memes — which you may have already discovered if you tried to read any of those by blowing up the tweet on your desktop — read best on mobile. If you’re planning on getting into them while they’re still popular (Reddit’s /r/MemeEconomy declared them “HOT, WHOLESOME, and a SMART INVESTMENT”), you’d better do it soon. This meme is quickly taking a turn for the less-than-wholesome.
Meanwhile, in the world of autonomous cars, Uber seems to have tangled itself up with the California DMV following the launch of its self-driving-car program in December 2016. The program would only have a short-lived run on the streets of San Francisco before Uber was forced — following a disagreement over autonomous-vehicle permits with the DMV — to move the cars to Arizona. According to emails between the DMV and Anthony Levandowski, VP of Uber’s Advanced Technologies Group, Uber insisted that its cars were not true autonomous vehicles. When what was believed to be an Uber self-driving car was spotted in San Francisco in September, the DMV reached out to Uber about getting permits for the cars that would allow the company to continue testing its automated technology. Levandowski, in a series of decreasingly friendly emails, insisted the car from September was under manual control.
Just when Uber thought it might escape February without another negative story, two more dropped on Monday. A week after ex-engineer Susan Fowler published a lengthy tell-all chock full of damning details about the gender discrimination she says she experienced during her year at the company, and Google-owned Waymo (a self-driving-car company) announced it is suing Uber over a laser-scanning detection system Waymo claims Uber stole, Uber’s SVP of engineering, Amit Singhal, resigned following the resurfacing of sexual-harassment allegations against him, Recode reports. And The Verge discovered that Uber’s self-driving-car-permit fiasco in California could likely have been avoided if the company had only agreed to work with the DMV, which reportedly tried to figure things out with the company months before the problems began.
“We are not an [autonomous vehicle] and getting a permit further reinforces the misperception that we are an AV,” he wrote in one of the emails obtained by The Verge. Worth noting, California law defines an autonomous vehicle as one that has the capability to operate autonomously. Even if a driver had been manually steering Uber’s car, the fact that it has autonomous capability — even a dormant capability — means the state classifies it as an AV requiring a permit. The DMV disagreed with Levandowski, and wanted the company to register the cars for AV-testing permits. The permits would also require Uber to submit a report to the DMV every time a driver in one of its cars had to take the wheel, shift out of self-driving mode, and manually drive the car. Something Uber, in the competitive landscape of self-driving technology, might not have wanted its competitors to know.
Singhal’s departure comes after it was discovered that the SVP didn’t disclose the sexual-harassment allegations levied against him by a female employee while he was working at Google. Prior to joining Uber, Singhal spent several years working for Google until he left in February 2016. Recode reports that Singhal denied the allegations against him at Google, and said he was leaving to make an “important life change.” Singhal, Recode reports, didn’t disclose any of this to Uber when he came on board, prompting Uber CEO Travis Kalanick to ask for his resignation today. It’s a move that was likely influenced by Fowler’s recent allegations which also prompted Kalanick to host an hour-long meeting with 100 female employees, who told him harassment and sexism at the company is a “systemic problem.” Without the elevated scrutiny currently being placed on Uber following Fowler’s allegations, it’s possible Singhal wouldn’t have been forced to resign. (Since Fowler’s post, another female ex-Uber employee has come forward anonymously with her own set of allegations of sexism and harassment she claims to have experienced at Uber.)
CloudPets offered up a way for parents to keep in touch with kids, even when they were away from the house. The idea was simple: Parents would record a voice message on their phone, CloudPets would upload it to the cloud (thus the toys’ name) and then send it to their kids’ plush toy to be played from a built-in speaker. Kids could then upload and send back a message of their own. As a commercial for the device promised, it was a “message you could hug.”
The sins of CloudPets boil down to four key errors. First, the company was using MongoDB, an open-source database platform, and left its entire database out in the open, not even requiring a user to authenticate before gaining access. Anyone using a site like Shodan, which searches for devices connected to the internet, could have discovered it — and it appears that many did.
Two, CloudPets didn’t require users to use a strong password. So while CloudPets did take measures to obscure people’s passwords, users could use passwords as simple as “qwe” or that ol’ standby, “password.” Security researcher Troy Hunt ran the obscured passwords through a tool that tested them against the most commonly used passwords and was able to quickly crack many of them.
Three, CloudPets ignored four separate attempts to contact them about the security hole. Motherboard’s Franceschi-Bicchierai had someone contact him about the security flaw in late December, while also attaching an email they had sent to the company warning them. One of Hunt’s contacts made three separate attempts to alert the company.
It wasn’t, unfortunately, a message that was very well protected. Motherboard writer Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai has a lengthy post detailing the major lapses in security that left hundreds of thousands of users exposed and over two million recordings between children and their parents in the open.
Of course, Hunt wasn’t the only one to figure this out. Forensic evidence shows that there were many others out there accessing the CloudPets database. Eventually, CloudPets hid its database from view, but it’s incredibly likely that ransomware authors accessed the database before this — thousands of sites using MondoDB were attacked with ransomware around the beginning of the year.
Four, CloudPets failed to notify parents once they discovered what was going on — and a tremendous number of people could be affected. Per Motherboard, the database is currently being passed around the seedier corners of the internet. That database contains information on 821,396 registered users and 2,182,337 voice messages.
The voice messages weren’t actually in the database, but CloudPets made it trivially easy to figure out how to access them. The company used Amazon’s cloud servers, and it was easy to spoof the URL where a message would be be — again, without requiring authentication from anyone who wanted to view them.
“They were very irresponsible because they had to know about this. I have been ringing so many doorbells,” said researcher Victor Gevers to Motherboard. “People make mistakes. It’s the action that follows up which defines your character.”
This week, Google-owned Boston Dynamics released a video of its newest robot. Named Handle, the bot weighs in at 100 pounds, stands at six and a half feet tall, and can jump four feet in the air. And, like many of the Boston Dynamics’ robots that came before it, it is absolutely as terrifying as it sounds. The robot moves using a combination of humanoid feet and wheels to allow for maximum mobility.
Handle can only travel for 15 miles on a single battery charge, so in the event of a robot takeover you could probably outrun it. If you’ve been hitting the gym or own a bicycle.
The Mobile World Congress officially started on Monday in Barcelona, but the star of the show was announced before doors even opened: a relaunched version of the legendary Nokia 3310.
The original 3310 was released in 2000, sold over 126 million units worldwide, and is the reason I’m still pretty decent at Snake and will never really get the Nokia ringtone out of my head. The updated version will have a few more bells and whistles, including a full-color screen and a 2.4-megapixel camera, but will still be a defiantly low-tech dumb phone.
The response has been anywhere from enthusiastic to ecstatic:
And like any emotion you can create a BuzzFeed list around, you can snag people’s attention on nostalgia alone. Witness the sold-out success of the NES Classic this winter or, really, everything Nintendo has done in the past 20 years. Or the surge of excitement around Freewrite, a basic typewriter-and-screen that delivers the same basic experience as using a stand-alone word processor from the 1970s for a few hundred dollars. Giving people a chance to remember an idealized form of the past is now a reliable way to move units — or at least get some press attention.
So how to unpack all these good feelings toward a remake of a 17-year-old handset? The easiest bit to understand is base nostalgia. The Nokia 3310 is the phone many of us grew up with. That gray-green screen, the solid little pop of the number keys as you burned through your limited (!) number of text messages, going a full week without recharging — if you’re of a certain age it’s hard to not feel that tug of sentimentality toward Nokia’s iconic little brick.
To remember the original Nokia is to remember when cell phones were something you carried because you could suddenly receive or make a phone call without being at your house. You talked and got text messages, and that was about it. Now, when I step off the subway and my phone gets back on a network, I can simultaneously get notifications that I have a credit-card payment due, a random Twitter egg is calling me a cuck, and I’ve surpassed my data limit for the month.
Bloomberg’s Leonid Bershidsky keys into this urge in his piece “Why I Might Ditch My Smartphone for the Nokia 3310,” writing that the phone could serve as “an antidote to these digitally toxic times.” The Verge’s Vlad Sovov wrote his own anti-smartphone manifesto at the end of January, musing, “I imagine that a phone that acts mostly as a phone would nudge me toward calling people more often, which is a far superior and more human form of communication than a disjointed series of impersonal tweets.”
Which, hey, I get! It’s easy to look at the new version of the Nokia 3310 and dream of a better, simpler life. I’d stop pulling my phone out of my pocket every time I step into an elevator or get in line somewhere. I’d read more books and fewer tweets. Maybe I’d take up meditation — though, maybe I need an app for that? I’m not really sure.
By all means, grab a Nokia 3310 when it’s available for order. If you’re traveling to somewhere with active 2G networks, it’ll make for a decent burner phone for carrying through an increasingly aggressive customs process here in the U.S.
But people aren’t excited about the Nokia 3310 as a phone, just more what the phone represents. A simpler phone wouldn’t simplify my life, because it isn’t smartphones that have made my life more complex, just the accumulation of years and relationships and responsibilities that define adulthood. And there’s nothing that defines our modern relationship to tech more than believing that the solution to whatever uneasiness we have about our relationship with our gadgets — or our lives in general — lies in purchasing yet another gadget.
But it’s not just longing for Snake that explains why so many are so excited about this mostly unremarkable feature phone. There’s also just a whiff of the back-to-the-land urge that’s always present in tech: We love what gadgets allow us to do, but we’re uneasy about what they allow us to become. The Nokia 3310 isn’t just a chance to revisit our youth — it’s a chance to escape the current state of smartphone fatigue.
But very few of the breathless articles written after the announcement of the new Nokia 3310 mention that the phone won’t work in the U.S. and Canada, because the new Nokia 3310 will use 2G networks that are virtually extinct here. Nor do many get into the fact that, in most ways, the resurrected 3310 is indistinguishable from many other dumb phones (including ones put out by Nokia, which isn’t really even Nokia anymore).
The Apple rumor-industrial complex seems to be cranking even faster than usual, thanks to the iPhone 8 — or, as some say it will be called, the iPhone X. (Though, why Apple would start using an OSX-style naming arrangement after ditching the “OSX” appellation for “macOS” is a bit beyond me.) The Wall Street Journal has an article out today, outlining what it’s been able to gather about the iPhone 8.
But The Wall Street Journal also confirms the growing consensus that the phone will likely go on sale for around $1,000 — meaning we’ll likely see a $999 iPhone on store shelves by fall — or maybe more if higher storage options are also available (which they almost assuredly will be). That means there will soon be a phone for sale that will cost the same as a brand-new MacBook Air. It would also make it the priciest mass-market phone ever put forward, and it’ll be interesting to see if there’s a theoretical limit to how much people will spend on a smartphone. Remember that Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 raised eyebrows about its price when it was sold for $880 (and that was before it started blowing up).
Some of this will be old news to anyone who’s been following rumors closely. The plan still seems to be to debut three phones this fall: an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus, and the iPhone 8. The iPhone 8 will reportedly have an OLED screen, which will mean a more vibrant picture than you get with the LCD screens on current-gen iPhones. The screen will also curve, similar to what Samsung has been doing with its Galaxy line of smartphones for several generations.
The switch to the Lightning cable happened in 2012, five years after the original iPhone launched. The move from Lightning to USB-C would happen five years later, so it’s not exactly unprecedented for Apple to switch it up like this. It would also bring their phones in line with their new line of MacBooks, which have ditched every form of connector except USB-C.
Not that it’ll make it easier to figure out what to do with the rat’s nest of Lightning cables any iPhone user has accumulated over the past couple of years. Or how you can unload those Lightning-enabled headphones you may have bought in response to the loss of the 3.5-mm jack in the iPhone 7. But hey, no one ever said being an early adopter was going to be easy. Or cheap.
While there would be some initial pain in forcing people to switch over, the move to USB-C would make sense overall, and would likely benefit iPhone users. USB-C isn’t just becoming the standard for Apple, it’s quickly becoming the standard across a wide ecosystem of gadgets — from most new Android phones to things like the Nintendo Switch. It would also allow for much quicker charging of your iPhone — a good USB-C charger can refill a hefty smartphone battery in less than an hour.
But you’ll likely spend more than $1,000 if you wanna jump over to the iPhone 8. That’s because The Wall Street Journal is also reporting that the newest iPhone will ditch the Lightning cable for a USB-C-style connector. This means, once again, all your old iPhone cables may soon be worthless.
Optical illusions come in all shapes, sizes, and levels of stupidity. There was the blurry ham picture that made Reddit scratch its head. (Really.) And the one that turned out to just be a cigar shoved in a brick wall. (Also, really.) But today’s viral illusion, a baffling picture of strawberries created by a psychologist that’s making the rounds on Twitter, actually has a bit more scientific gravitas than your average, run-of-the-mill photo of girl who seems to be missing legs.
The image comes courtesy of Akiyoshi Kitaoka, a professor of psychology at Ritsumeikan University in Japan with a specialty in optical illusions. (His website is so trippy, it comes with the disclaimer, “Should you feel dizzy, you had better leave this page immediately.”) The strawberries appear red, despite their lack of any red pixels, because of color constancy, or the way that the human brain is designed to perceive the same colors under a range of circumstances. Remember the Dress? Same deal.
Whether you’re outside in bright natural light or inside in a dimly-lit closet with a dying 20-watt light bulb, your brain works to color correct — to make sure the colors you are seeing remain, well, constant. So even though Kitaoka’s image has been manipulated to include only gray and greenish pixels, you still see red strawberries.
Last night, the AFP tweeted a photo of Kellyanne Conway perched on the couch in the Oval Office, feet tucked underneath her and phone in hand. It was, out of context, quite strange. A second photo would later reveal Conway had positioned herself that way to snap a photo of the leaders of historically black colleges and universities with whom Trump was meeting. But still, her choice of pose was really something.
And rocking out with her band.
And spending some quality time, in various forms, with Putin.
Thank you, Kellyanne. Both of you.
Fortunately for everyone online who isn’t a member of the Trump administration — and possibly some who are — Conway’s strange choice of pose makes for a very good internet gag. And thanks to a few redditors with Photoshop skills and too much time on their hands, the photo of Conway has been edited into some glorious new scenarios.
Here she is having lunch — from a diet of social media — atop a skyscraper.
The outage means that certain sites have not been able to deliver specific assets of a webpage, or an entire webpage altogether, as a result of the interruption. If your favorite site isn’t loading at the moment, or it’s acting sluggish, that’s probably why.
In addition to selling you DVDs and pants and five-pound bags of gummy bears, Amazon also happens to run the internet. Not the whole internet, mind you, but a significant portion, thanks to its web-hosting service (on which a number of the websites that make up the internet we know and feel ambivalent about today reside). Today, a pillar of that service, a storage option known as Amazon S3, went down … and a lot of the web went with it.
Even Amazon employees themselves can’t get in. At a demonstration to developers in Chicago this afternoon, a speaker reportedly spoke of the service’s steadfast reliability right before getting shut out of the system.
As the great poets once said, “Whoooooooops!”
According to AWS’s Twitter account, they’re working on solving the problems — one of which is that the server on which the error-alert system is hosted, is also failing.
Just when Uber thought it might be finished with what has been a truly terrible month of news for the company — (deep breath) allegations of rampant sexism and gender discrimination, a lawsuit over reportedly stolen technology, the forced resignation of a top exec over sexual harassment — a new video has surfaced showing the company’s CEO, Travis Kalanick, heatedly arguing with a driver whose car he was riding in. “Some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit,” Kalanick says, before slamming the car door at the video’s most dramatic moment. “They blame everything in their life on somebody else. Good luck!”
“You’re raising the standards, and you’re dropping the prices,” he says. Kalanick tells him that these changes are what keeps Uber competitive, but Kamel argues otherwise. He claims fares for Uber black cars used to be higher, and says that has cost him. “How much is the mile now, $2.75?” (As noted by Bloomberg, rates for Uber Black drivers have significantly decreased over the years, from $4.90 a mile in 2012 to $3.75 today — a dollar above the figure Kamel cites, but still significantly lower than the original prices.) Kalanick calls this “bullshit.” Actually, he calls it “bullshit” twice. At this point, Kalanick loses his temper with Kamel. “Some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit. They blame everything in their life on somebody else. Good luck,” he says before getting out of the car.
“Good luck to you, but I know you’re not going to go far,” Kamel fires back as Kalanick exits.
The video, published today by Bloomberg, was filmed via a dashboard camera in an Uber black car driven by a driver named Fawzi Kamel. Kamel has been driving for Uber since 2011, Bloomberg reports, and gave Kalanick (and several women) a lift on Super Bowl Sunday. At the beginning of the video, Kalanick and the two women in the backseat make small talk about Kalanick’s birthday and rumors that Uber had a hard year. “I make sure every year is a hard year. If it’s easy, I’m not pushing hard enough,” Kalanick says. Once the two women get out, Kamel engages Kalanick, asking if the CEO remembers meeting him before. When Kalanick begins to tell him why Uber’s plan to cut down on the number of black cars on the road will be good for Kamel’s bottom line, the driver pushes back.
Technology writer Jake Swearingen tested Nintendo’s newest console. Here’s the verdict.
The Nintendo Switch — Nintendo’s first new console since 2012 — is a pretty bold proposition. It’s a $299 console that bridges the gap between your couch and your subway seat. Put it into a dock hooked up to your TV, and it’s a living-room console. Slip it out of the dock, snap two “Joy-Con” controllers into place, and you can take it anywhere.
To do that, the Switch is forced to be a lot of things. It has to be a good living-room console, capable of providing at least a comparable experience to the PlayStation 4’s and Xbox Ones many gamers already have. It also has to be a top-tier mobile system, capable of delivering that same living-room experience to anyone on the go, but also convenient enough to compete with the ease and simplicity of smartphone games. It has to have motion controls and the ability to draw in non-core gamers with the same sort of goofy good times that made the Nintendo Wii such a staggering hit ten years ago.
That it succeeds at most of this is remarkable. But the Switch’s stumbles also show a system that feels rushed. And despite the system launching in 48 hours, there’s still a fair amount we just don’t know about it. After a week with the Switch, I really like it — but I’d also recommend that anyone who hasn’t preordered hold off on purchasing one for the time being.
And when using the Switch in handheld mode — which is how I spent the majority of my time with the Switch — it just feels great. The Switch’s 720p, 6.2-inch mobile screen is bright, sharp, and very easy on the eyes. I was able to put in long play sessions just using the small screen, without eye strain, even when playing on a relatively bumpy bus ride.
The system is essentially four parts: There’s a tablet screen, the dock for playing the Switch on your TV, and two small controllers (or “Joy-Cons,” as Nintendo calls them). When you want to play on your TV, you put the tablet screen into a dock, slot the Joy-Cons into a holder, and play per usual. When you’re ready to play it on the go, you slot the two into the side of the screen, lift, and you’re set. Everything slides together nicely, buttons and analog sticks are responsive, and the entire things feels, frankly, more premium than the $299 price tag would suggest.
But let’s start with what the Switch does well. First off, the system itself impresses as soon as you pick it up. If you ever owned a Wii U (which, judging by sales numbers, is statistically unlikely), you can rest assured that the cheapo plasticky feel of the Wii U controller is gone. The design of the Switch is solid, sleek, and modern. It doesn’t look out of place next to my laptop and phone.
Handing off between mobile and docked play is remarkably easy. Playing on TV and want to take your game with you? Slot the two Joy-Cons, lift up, and you’re off. Want to play in your living room? Slip the system back in to the dock, and you’re set.
Speaking of plane rides, the Switch comes with a built-in kickstand, meaning if you’re on a long plane ride you can set the Switch up in a near-vertical mode, detach the controllers, and game away. It should feel like a gimmick, but instead quickly became one of my favorite ways to play — except when the controllers glitched out. Which leads us to …
When in mobile mode, the Switch ditches the proprietary charger that the 3DS and Wii U used for a standard USB-C connection. While the Switch, in my experience, got about two-and-a-half to three hours of play time off a charge, if you’re about to take a long plane ride any decently sized external battery pack should get you through your flight fine.
While using the Joy-Cons wirelessly, I had consistent issues with the left Joy-Con seeming to lose its connection with the Switch. This happened at one point in the middle of an intense boss fight, which meant while I tried to figure out why I suddenly couldn’t move, I was quickly demolished. I reached out to Nintendo about this issue, and while everyone was extremely apologetic, I never got an answer about what exactly was going on. Multiple other reviewers reported similar issues, and a YouTube video from GameXplain seems to show that the problem is players’ hands blocking the Bluetooth signal from the controller.
A (perhaps) separate issue prevents me from saying much about 1-2 Switch, one of the two main launch titles for the Switch, along with The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (about which more in a moment). A collection of small mini-games that see you handing one Joy-Con apiece to two people where they compete to do things like milking a cow, duel with swords, or beat your opponent in a quick draw, 1-2 Switch is supposed to work as a showcase for all the interesting things the Joy-Cons can do, and hopefully make the Switch a fun way to kill time with friends and family, the way Wii Bowling took over living rooms in 2007. But because I couldn’t get the left controller to sync up, I wasn’t able to try it out. Nintendo also promised to look into this, but as of this writing I haven’t heard anything back, and I still can’t get the game to work. (I was able try out 1-2 Switch at several pre-release press events, and my quick impression was that the games are fun enough, but a tough pill to swallow at the list price of $49.) Update 3/6/17: After some testing, it turns out you need to press both shoulder buttons and then wave the controllers around to start 1-2 Switch. In my defense: this is not an intuitive way to start the game. Also in my defense: I’m not very bright. This doesn’t really change my opinion of 1-2 Switch, which is, at best, an okay game that’s overpriced — but this is coming from a guy who couldn’t even figure out how to make the game start, so maybe take my opinion with a grain of salt.
There are also some smaller disappointments. The Switch doesn’t support wireless headphones, meaning if you want to play on your TV but use headphones, you’ll need to invest in some seriously long audio cables. You’ll almost certainly fill up the 32 GB of internal memory provided with the Switch, so get ready to snag a Micro SD card to bulk up your storage space. And the Switch won’t include Netflix or any other streaming-video apps — if you find yourself ready to take a break from a game, you’ll need to pull out another device to watch something (a real shame, because the Switch’s screen is so solid).
But for many gamers, the practical considerations of the Switch as a console are secondary to its launch title: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. It’s hard to think of another video-game franchise that’s earned as much feverish loyalty as the Zelda games, and it’s not an exaggeration to say that plenty of gamers are probably buying the Switch just to get the earliest possible access to the latest edition. Put more bluntly: Whether the Switch sinks or swims out of the gate is largely dependent on whether or not Breath of the Wild is good.
Luckily for Nintendo, it is. By taking much of what’s familiar about Zelda and cross-breeding it with an massive open-world adventure game, Nintendo has not only created the best Zelda game since Ocarina of Time, but a game that’s shaping up to be one of my favorite open-world adventure games ever.
And while the controllers feel good enough when attached to either side of the Switch’s mobile screen, they end up feeling cramped together when slotted into the included Joy-Con holder — at least for my hands. I ended up playing with the controllers out of the holder for the majority of the time I played games on a TV screen — my fingers would cramp after 30 minutes or so otherwise. During press events, many games were shown using the Pro controller, which resembles most other console controllers on the market — but I wasn’t able to spend an extended amount of time with it. If you’ve got larger hands and plan to play in front of your TV for an extended period, I’d grab the Pro Controller if you can, even though it’s pricey at $69.
I should admit that even after sinking about 30 hours into the game, I still haven’t beaten it. When I hit the 30-hour mark on most games, I’m ready to be done, no matter how good it is. But with Breath of the Wild, I’m sometimes frustrated and sometimes pressed right up against the edge of my abilities, but I’m never not fundamentally having fun.
There’s so much the game does right. At its heart, it’s still a Zelda game: Gannon has done something awful, the Princess Zelda needs Link’s help, so you’ll need to roam over Hyrule to find the things needed to defeat him. But it’s meatier, more involved, more hard-core, and ultimately more interesting than almost any other major release I’ve played this decade.
And while the Switch in no way can muster the same graphical firepower as the PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, it uses what it has to tremendous effect, all in service of creating an evocative atmosphere. Clouds pass over the sun, casting fast-moving shadows that drape themselves over cliffs and across grassy plains. Lighting effects are given special attention, so the glow of a torch off the side of a stone wall shines back with just the right amount of dull sheen. The soundtrack is sparse and almost Steve Reich–ian, tending toward sprinkles of piano here and there — the main sounds are wind, water, and the wildlife around you.
Why does it work? First off, this game is hard. You will die often until you learn to be prepped at all times. Unlike other open-world games, where heading to a far-off location is usually a matter of running or driving for a while until you reach somewhere, Breath of the Wild makes every journey into unknown territory feel dangerous. You’ll be forced to scale cliffs, your grip weakening all the while, hoping you can reach the top before your fingers give out and you fall to your death. Icy cold or bitter heat will sap your health until you collapse. Even swimming across a fast-moving river can be an exercise in eyeing how far away a distant bank is and whether you have the strength to make it that far.
Once you leave the game’s very short tutorial area, you can roam anywhere you want — and it’s not hard to quickly stumble into a fight you’re not ready for. Combat is intense, requiring quick timing and an eye toward learning an enemy’s movements so you can dodge at just the right moment. Running in and mashing buttons usually just means you’ll die that much faster.
There are only a few major dungeons in the game, and where and how you find them is a surprise I’d rather not spoil, but there’s still plenty of classic Zelda puzzle solving sprinkled throughout the world, in the form of shrines. Each shrine is a self-contained puzzle, in which a theme is introduced, explored, and then you are required to make the final deductive leap to solve. After completing over two dozen of them, I never found one that I couldn’t solve with enough time — but plenty that were difficult enough to give me a real sense of satisfaction when I finally figured out the bit of sideways thinking required to get me through.
But the real appeal is that Breath of the Wild’s open world feels like a fast web of interlocking systems that someone very clever and very dedicated has spent years figuring out how they all should fit together. During an early encounter in the game, I stumbled across a camp of enemies far too tough for me to take on — and then a lightning storm came in, with bolts of lightning hitting the ground all around me. Stabbing wildly at enemies closing in, I noticed that my metal spear was shooting off sparks but didn’t think too much of it, until lightning streaked down, ripping my spear from my hands and sending me flying. On the edge of death and stupidly without anything to heal myself up with, I made a run for it, removing anything metal from my body. I tried to scramble up the side of a cliff to escape, but the rocks were slick from the rain, and I just kept sliding down. I threw a tree branch at an enemy who was venturing in for the kill, knocking him down, and made a dash for it. I was almost home free — and then a lightning bolt hit a tree a few feet to my left, cracking the tree in two and sending the top of the tree crashing down on top of me. I was instantly dead, and laughing like a loon. It was a spontaneous moment where a whole series of gameplay ideas all come together to create something a thousand times more memorable than any prefab cut scene of scripted encounter.
If you have a long public-transit commute or find yourself wanting to play high-quality games away from TV for whatever reason, the Switch is absolutely worth a look. But if you’re reading this and haven’t preordered a Switch, you’re also probably out of luck — the Switch is sold out across the U.S. and it’s unclear when new units will be hitting shelves. (Best Buy may have a few units available on a first-come, first-served basis — best of luck if you decide to camp out.)
But if you’re reading this and find yourself curious but still on the fence, I’d highly recommend holding off on the Switch for a bit. It’s hard to not feel like the Switch was rushed to market — Nintendo was still figuring out its launch lineup just days before the system was due to hit store shelves, and my hardware troubles give me serious pause.
If you’ve decided you’ve gotta play Breath of the Wild and you’ve gotta play it now, by all means, wait until stores restock and put your money down. (Alternatively, you can always snag a Wii U and play Breath of the Wild there — it’s also available on Nintendo’s older system, and the footage that’s been leaked to the web so far shows a game that doesn’t look noticeably worse than what I played on the Switch.)
And let’s talk about the lack of launch titles. It’s a good thing that The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is such a hefty experience, because that’s the only big title coming down the pike for the foreseeable future. The Switch launches with just eight titles in total, including Breath of the Wild. The full list: 1-2-Switch, Just Dance 2017, Snipperclips, Super Bomberman R, Fast RMX, Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove, Skylanders Imaginators, and I Am Setsuna. Snipperclips is a fun cooperative puzzler, Fast RMX may scratch that F-Zero itch, and Shovel Knight is a fantastic retro platformer for anyone who hasn’t had a chance to play it on any other system yet, but there’s not a lot on here that really gets my blood pumping (apologies to any Bomberman stans out there). Console launch titles are always a little thin, but this launch is thinner than most.
Nintendo will be filling this lineup with a healthy number of indies and smaller titles over the next few months, but there won’t be another major title until the end of April with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, a remake of an existing Wii U title. After that, there isn’t anything I’d classify as highly anticipated until Super Mario Odyssey, which as of now only has a loose release date of “Holiday 2017.”
And then there’s everything I just don’t know about the Switch.
Nintendo’s digital storefront has been disabled for pre-release units, so I can’t say how easy or how hard it’ll be to download new games. The virtual console, which will allow you to play older Nintendo games on your Switch, won’t be available at launch, and it’s unclear when it will be available.
I also don’t know how multiplayer games will work on the Switch. The Switch allows for local multiplayer to anyone on the same Wi-Fi network, but it’s online multiplayer functionality won’t launch until fall of 2017 — and will require a subscription fee. Likewise, in-game voice chat is supposed to be handled via a smartphone app instead of through the Switch system itself, and I have no idea how that will work either.
So my advice for most people is simple: wait.
There are some quibbles here and there. Depending on your feelings about that particular type of Japanese humor that relies on sudden zoom-ins, Dutch angles, and very repetitive catchphrases, some characters may grate. Cooking food, a vital part of staying alive, is a bit more difficult than it has to be, thanks mainly to kludgy menu design. But Breath of the Wild is a triumph, full stop, and one that other games will spend a long time trying to top. Stacked up against the cookie-cutter open-world adventure titles that dominate the current landscape, Breath of the Wild feels like a revolution. It feels like a revelation.
With both Sony and Microsoft moving toward a future of endless upgrades that make living-room consoles just slightly-easier-to-use gaming PCs, Nintendo’s continued dedication to trying audacious new things in consoles is admirable. In the Wii U, their reach outstripped their grasp, and they were left with a confusing mess of a system. The Switch leaves those bad memories behind — it feels much more focused, much more promising, and has the real potential to be a good living-room console and a game-changing mobile console. But it needs some more time before I’d say it’s a must-buy for anyone besides Nintendo diehards.
Wait for more titles to come out. Wait to see how Nintendo handles whatever hardware difficulties it seems to be facing (or if these issues are just some pre-launch jitters). Hold off until it’s clearer how online multiplayer will shake out, and if you’re okay with paying an annual fee for the right to play other people online. Wait to see what sort of holiday bundles Nintendo offers. Wait to see if Nintendo actually manages to get its supply chain in order, so you’re not throwing elbows at a Target, like during the really bad days of the Wii shortage. Breath of the Wild is a fantastic game, but it’ll still be just as good a few months from now.
“We have received some reports and are looking into them,” said Nintendo in a statement provided to Select All. “The day-one system update provides improvements to overall system stability and other minor adjustments to enhance the user experience. As with all Nintendo video game systems, we will continue to monitor the performance of Nintendo Switch hardware and software, and make improvements when necessary.”
Update 03/01/17: Following the video revelation, Kalanick sent an email to his entire staff, which he also posted to Uber’s blog, entitled “A Profound Apology.” He says he is deeply “ashamed” and that his actions “cannot be explained away.” Kalanick also writes that he will be seeking help to make him a better leader. From Uber:
Kalanick is 40.
Following Mark Zuckerberg’s multi-thousand word manifesto laying out his plans for, well, saving the world, Facebook announced it is adding several tools to address self-harm. “To prevent harm, we can build social infrastructure to help our community identify problems before they happen,” Zuckerberg wrote in his letter. “When someone is thinking of committing suicide or hurting themselves, we’ve built infrastructure to give their friends and community tools that could save their life.” Starting today, Facebook users who might be at risk of self-harm or suicide — someone dies by suicide every 40 seconds — can access immediate help via Facebook Messenger and Facebook Live.
The company is partnering with Save.org, National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, National Eating Disorders Association, and the Crisis Text Line to provide these new features. (Suicide prevention tools have been a part of Facebook for several years now, but today’s tools mark a larger investment.) On Live, if you see a friend streaming something that raises a red flag, you’ll be able to report your friend’s video, and the friend will be notified with several ways to seek help, while still streaming. “We provide people who have expressed suicidal thoughts with different support options such as reaching out to a friend (and offering pre-populated text to make it easier), contacting a helpline, or offering tips and resources for people to help,” Facebook said in a release. Users will also have the option to reach out to their friend directly. On Messenger, users can chat in real time with crisis support organizations.
Moving forward, the company says it will be relying even more on artificial intelligence to keep users safe. Facebook says it is working on getting better at recognizing patterns among users who might be considering harming themselves, and is testing ways to discern who these people are based on their posts, and reaching out with support options even if another user hasn’t reported them.
Twitter’s attempts to curb harassment on its platform don’t always go so well. (Looking at you here, one-hour period where Twitter announced users would no longer be notified when they were added to lists, before users complained and Twitter realized this was a terrible idea.) But today, the company announced a few new changes that seem like they might actually be somewhat helpful. The biggest is that users can now mute users without a profile picture, a.k.a. a Twitter egg, as well as users who do not have a cell-phone number or email associated with their account. While this won’t totally curb the issue, it gives trolling users a few more steps they’ll have to go through before being able to fully harass someone. And maybe, maybe, those steps will even cull a few lazy trolls — who can’t be bothered with the added steps of legitimizing their accounts — from the mix.
The company also announced it will be changing the way muting works. Instead of just muting from notifications, users will now be able to mute words and usernames from their timelines as well. Muting can be permanent, or users can opt to remove a word for a set period of time. So you can permanently remove the word “libtard” from your feed, but only mute “Game of Thrones” temporarily until you’ve caught up on the latest episode. Other changes include notifying users in more detail if anything happens after they report an account, and limiting who can see tweets from abusive users, “such as allowing only their followers to see their Tweets.”
None of these things are going to fix Twitter immediately, but they certainly can’t hurt. And they definitely get into the “next most critical thing” plaguing Twitter, which Jack Dorsey has been so vocal about wanting to fix. (The first most critical thing, of course, is Nazis.)
That quote was potent enough to inspire online rabble-rouser Virgil to add Garfield’s supposed gender fluidity to the character’s Wikipedia page. You know, Garfield, the cat that loves being lazy, hates Mondays, hates Nermal, and believes that gender is a spectrum. This has inspired an impassioned conversation on the entry’s Talk page, where editors discuss how to reconcile conflicting indicators of Garfield’s gender. According to J-canon (Jim Davis canon), Garfield is neither male nor female, but he does use male pronouns such as “he” and “him.”
For the past few days, an editing dispute on the Garfield Wikipedia page has vacillated back and forth over whether or not that fat, lasagna-lovin’ cat has a gender. Some context: In 2014, Garfield creator Jim Davis told Mental Floss, “Garfield is very universal. By virtue of being a cat, really, he’s not really male or female or any particular race or nationality, young or old. It gives me a lot more latitude for the humor for the situations.”
Now, it appears that Congress is stepping in to resolve the issue. More specifically, someone using a congressional IP address has edited Garfield’s Wikipedia page to remove him from the category of male comics characters. “Garfield does not have a gender, he should not be in the male comic characters category,” the edit’s description reads. We salute this anonymous public servant’s commitment to accuracy in Garfield.
“Clearly this is a comment explaining the philosophy of Garfield’s universal appeal,” editor DrCliche writes, “and not an attestation that Garfield is (or that Jim Davis believes the character of Garfield to be) literally genderless (or ageless, or without nationality, etc.) Throughout the strip, every character (including Garfield himself!) constantly refers to Garfield unambiguously as male, and always using male pronouns.” DrCliche then provides links to 19 Garfield comic strips referencing the pudgy rascal’s masculinity.
In 2016, the nonprofit Everytown for Gun Safety attempted to work with Snapchat to produce gun-violence videos to be featured on the social-media platform in conjunction with National Gun Violence Awareness Day. Except, according to a series of emails uncovered by Mic, it appears Snapchat asked Everytown to pay a fee to ensure National Rifle Association ads wouldn’t be shown with its anti-gun content.
The head of Snap’s political-ad sales team, Rob Saliterman, quoted an advertising fee of “at least $150,000” to Everytown, Mic reports. Meanwhile, the Snap news team was also communicating with Everytown. Except, the news team was telling them they were eager to promote the “nationwide movement to honor all lives cut short by gun violence,” with a potential Live Story on National Gun Violence Awareness Day. Unlike working with Saliterman, partnering with the news team wouldn’t cost Everytown anything. This prompted Saliterman to email Everytown about possible advertising opportunities for the Live News Story, including selling those ad blocks to the NRA (which has a history of working with Snapchat) if Everytown didn’t buy. Which they didn’t, citing their budget. (Ultimately, Everytown would decline both the paid advertising option and the free Live Story and Snapchat would run an Our Story feature entitled “Guns in America” on National Gun Violence Awareness Day without Everytown’s contribution.)
From Saliterman via Mic:
He also explained that Snapchat’s advertising system works similarly to television. Content and advertising are two independent systems. Publishers sell their content (or give their content, in Everytown’s case) to Snapchat for a set rate, and then Snapchat sells (and profits from) ads run during that content. By this model, which Snapchat introduced in October 2016, Saliterman is completely in the right in telling Everytown that it has no say in which ads run alongside its anti-gun PSAs. But there is something about his not-so-subtle NRA name-drop that feels, well, less in the right. Television-style advertising doesn’t usually mean the content provider is given the option to pay six figures to guarantee safety from ads that might damage its impact.
But Facebook is not the only powerful tech company — it just happens to be the most visible. On two different fronts this week, Amazon has showed just how much power it has to control portions of the internet, and your experiences on them. And while the fact of Amazon’s power isn’t new, the last week might reframe how casual observers of the tech industry see Amazon and its CEO, Jeff Bezos.
Generally speaking, we tend to consider the power of the five biggest and most important tech companies — Google, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, and Amazon — based on their tangible effects on our lives. You flick through your iPhone, you reboot your Windows operating system, you search for stuff in Google, you get updates from Facebook, and so on. Our sense of what those companies are, and how powerful they are in the ways that matter, are shaped by those day-to-day interactions. Because journalists in particular have to use Facebook in their work, for example, it’s ended up under fire in the media, tagged (not incorrectly!) as a fearsomely powerful entity with the power to control the distribution of information and news across the planet.
For the most part, if you don’t work in tech or media, you think of Amazon as a store. And it is! Its reputation is driven by its most visible business sector: its marketplace. Amazon — the company of competitively low prices and free two-day shipping. Amazon’s a one-stop shop that will connect you to someone selling a product, if they aren’t themselves.
But it’s also a lot more than a store, as this week has shown. Let’s start with yesterday’s Amazon Web Services outage, which crippled thousands of websites that rely on S3 servers to host their data.
In web hosting, AWS is a huge deal. Last quarter, the division brought in $3.5 billion in revenue; according to one survey, Amazon holds nearly half of the market share when it comes to cloud-computing services. In layman’s terms, this means a huge portion of the independent sites on the web that you might patronize likely run at least some part of their operation via AWS. That division still accounts for a small ratio of Amazon’s total revenue, but the proportions are shifting.
This makes Amazon an obvious bottleneck or pressure point when it comes to internet traffic. Like Dyn, the domain company taken down by a malicious attack last October, the AWS behemoth consolidates thousands of online targets under one umbrella. By all accounts, AWS is incredibly stable — that’s part of what makes it so popular — but what the events of Wednesday have shown us is that when it’s not stable, the web as we know it becomes erratic and unreliable. And this isn’t even Amazon actively wielding its power — we’re just talking about technical problems here.
On the other end of the spectrum from AWS is the company’s affiliate program, which allows people and businesses to earn a percentage of any sale that they refer to Amazon. Last week, the company announced that it was changing the rates for some of its payouts — specifically, it was getting rid of volume pricing. Before last week, if affiliates sold a certain amount of a product, they’d get a significant bump in their percentage of the earnings; now, those earning will remain flat regardless of how much product an affiliate moves.
The move is significant because more and more websites, particularly media companies, are turning to affiliate links as a source of revenue. Gizmodo Media Group’s Kinja Deals site covers a hefty share of their editorial budget, and the New York Times recently paid $30 million for tech-recommendation site the Wirecutter. (New York also launched an e-commerce referral venture, the Strategist, a few months ago. Please buy stuff from it.)
Just as Facebook’s changes to its News Feed algorithm can cause huge swings in a website’s traffic graphs, Amazon holds a lot of power to dictate exactly how much money others can earn from standing on its shoulders. Large affiliate operations like the one Gizmodo runs have customized business arrangements, so Amazon’s general changes to the affiliate program don’t affect them. But they do affect the independent bloggers and YouTube reviewers who rely on the affiliate program to support their businesses. That’s an enormous amount of power, and as media companies try to disentangle themselves from display-ad revenue models, it’s only going to increase.
So if this week taught us anything, it’s that Amazon isn’t just a store. It’s a platform — and not just for retail, either. Platforms — especially those foundational ones that other large companies need to function — are the best businesses to be in the new tech economy. Facebook, Apple, Google, and Microsoft don’t just want to sell you a piece of hardware or a one-time software license; they want to become a service that connects you to businesses multiple times throughout the day — and make money by doing so. Amazon has done the same thing, only it’s taken an indirect and less visible route. You might not know that the sites and apps you like are powered by Amazon, and that’s what makes it even more powerful.
Why is Snap IPOing now?
Its IPO is also the first large tech offering in a long while. Generally, tech IPOs are attractive because they’re for companies with global reach and influence, and relatively low operating costs. Facebook, for instance, is everywhere, but it doesn’t have to worry about physical goods and supply chains in the same way that a company like Apple does. No tech companies IPOed in 2016, and some investors would welcome another chance to plant stakes in Silicon Valley.
What does stock in Snap get you?
Snap has a valuation of $24 billion. That’s slightly higher than the $3 billion that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly offered for the company a few years ago.
Put simply, the company is finally big enough to make the ask. Theoretically, IPOs happen so that companies can quickly bring in money to fund longer-term goals (in practice, they’re also an early chance for founders and investors to convert their equity to cash). Snap has never turned a profit, but it’s very popular, and has seen a meteoric rise over the past five years. Also, its market penetration among Americans between 18 and 34 is monstrous. (Half of people in that age range open Snapchat every day!)
IPO stands for “initial public offering,” and it’s when companies begin to sell shares in themselves to the public, which today mostly means that they offer shares to wealthy financial-management organizations on Wall Street. It also means that the company will be listed publicly on the New York Stock Exchange, and issue quarterly reports on its financial status and outlook for the future. Lastly, it will assign an actual value to anyone — employees, investors, and founders — who holds a stake in Snapchat, turning their equity into more tangible, less speculative holdings.
How do people think the stock will do?
The big question is whether Snapchat will see success à la Facebook, or struggle as Twitter has since its IPO in 2013. During its pitch to investors, Snap spent a lot of time fielding questions about how it plans to make money. A lot of people use Snapchat, but it lost $514 million last year. In contrast, Facebook was profitable when it decided to finally go public. User growth has also slowed (Snap blames this on a software bug, conventional wisdom places far more blame on Facebook biting its style). As a business, it is still maturing, and that might keep some investors from buying in.
Is this going to change Snapchat or Snap?
A chance to make some money if Snap does well — but not much else. Snap is only offering nonvoting shares, which means that anyone buying Snapchat shares will receive a stake in the company, but won’t be able to directly influence company decisions or structure. While setting up shares in two classes — essentially those with voting power and those without — is an increasingly common gambit for companies, Snap eliminating any voting power at all for shares purchased in the IPO is controversial. Part of the appeal of buying into an IPO is obtaining a voice in that company. CEO Evan Spiegel and his co-founder, CTO Bobby Murphy, retain a majority of the voting shares, and by that virtue, outright control of the company. Of course: It’s not controversial enough that people aren’t planning to buy Snapchat.
It’s doubtful that the IPO itself will change Snap. Like I said before, the shares for sale don’t come with voting rights. But CEO Evan Spiegel has shown a willingness to try weird, new things and change his product significantly, and one of Snap’s greatest strengths is its ability to stay nimble. Facebook’s current product strategy is to look at what Snapchat’s doing, wait a few months, and then copy it shamelessly. And the company is already experimenting with nifty gadgets like its Spectacles, which have a camera built in. If Snap wants to stay innovative, it has to keep changing.
Can I buy Snap stock?
I mean, sure. You can’t just, like, log in to the app and ask for it, but talk to a broker or financial adviser. Tell them, “Hey, let’s get some of these shares,” and they’ll see what they can do. You could even just start an Etrade account and buy it directly (the ticker symbol is SNAP).
I am not licensed to give financial advice, and I believe that the sick system of global financial capitalism needs to be completely dismantled, so you should not listen to me. I will say that Snap, given what we know about revenue and growth, is definitely not a surefire success — consider, too, that IPOs, despite having “public” in the name, usually benefit Wall Street types more than anyone on Main Street. If you’re willing to risk not recouping the investment, then maybe you’re ready to buy Snapchat stock.
Should I buy Snap stock?
This morning, shares on Snapchat parent company Snap, Inc. will start being openly traded on the stock market. The company sold 200 million shares at $17 apiece, raising $3.4 billion in the process. Investor demand was high, according to Recode, which noted that there was 10 times as much demand as there were shares available. All of this is kind of financial gobbledygook, so we’ll try and explain.
You might have noticed that, with a growing frequency over the last several months, men in power are being told to pack it in. Their time is over — whether they’re incompetent, disgraced, or just plain over-the-hill — it’s clear that the world would be better off if they went away. As the saying goes, “retire bitch.”
Where does this crude, two-word salutation come from? The gutter minds of deranged liberal activists? The sewers of anonymous message boards? The talking points of the Elders of Zion? In fact, none of the above. On March 2, 2013, at 10:40 p.m. on the West Coast, beloved actor Danny DeVito opened Twitter, and typed four simple words. Little did he know that, nearly four years later, his dispatch would become a rallying cry on social media. A taut rejoinder amid hectic political and social upheaval.
Emails to Mr. DeVito’s representation seeking comment on the tweet went unreturned, so I can’t say for certain what prompted it. It was likely tied to Scalia’s questioning from days prior, during oral arguments for Shelby County v. Holder, the 2013 ruling that effectively crippled the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Those simple words? “Antonin Scalia retire bitch.”
According to Talking Points Memo:
During questioning, Scalia pondered the necessity of Section 5 of the law, which required state and local governments with a history of discrimination to clear any voting-law changes with the Justice Department.
Without granular data over time, it’s tough to say how much attention DeVito’s subtweet received upon publication. What is clear — thanks to snapshots from the Internet Archive — is that with time, the “retire bitch” mantra has only gotten stronger.
In July of 2015, just over halfway through its lifespan, the tweet had 1,800 or so retweets. Fifteen months later, that number had nearly doubled to 3,300. Just five months after that, the number had climbed to 5,500. Put another way, about 40 percent of “retire bitch” retweets have happened in the last half-year, more than three and a half years after DeVito first fired it off.
To state the obvious, this has to do with the, ah, current political situation. In the midst of the Obama administration, there were few avatars of hard-right conservatism outside of Congress. Scalia, who had for years scoffed at social reforms and racial justice, was an easy target for left invective, whether it was erudite or, you know, to the point. Now, the federal government is controlled by Scalia-like figures: old, gleeful conservatives who could comfortably retire, but — despite the protestations of beloved comedic actors and Twitter randoms — don’t.
That’s why men in power are, at an increasing frequency, being told to “retire bitch.”
It doesn’t only apply to politics though. Perhaps you were watching the Oscars on Sunday night.
“Retire bitch.” Short, sweet, to the point. Let’s be clear on “bitch,” an obviously harsh and gendered insult, but one that — in my reading — is deployed in the same way that Luke Ward tells Ryan Atwood, on The O.C., “Welcome to the O.C., bitch.” Here, it’s a punctuation mark more than a gendered slur, and as someone who has scrolled through weeks of these tweets, I can confirm they’re almost always directed at men.
More important than “bitch” is “retire.” “Retire” is a perfect insult — not as cruel as “please kill yourself” or “I hope you die,” but not so abstract as to lose all meaning. It’s a burn with a slightly defter touch: You’re old; you’re done; please retreat to a life of material and financial comfort, even after you’ve stopped contributing labor of quantifiable worth to our society … bitch.
What’s an IPO?
In the beginning — before the filters and the rebranding, the $130 sunglasses with build-in video, and the Stories wars with Instagram; before its frat-boy CEO became as chaste as the Jonas Brothers — Snapchat was just an app you used to send disappearing pictures. Ten seconds after you opened a Snapchat (Yosemite in the snow, your friends stuffing their faces with Insomnia Cookies), poof, it was gone. And somehow, in the unknowable whirlpool that is the mass consciousness of the internet, this was appealing. People wanted to use it. According to Snap’s own SEC filing, more than 1 million people were using the app within a year of its 2012 launch; by early 2013, more than 10 million people were Snapping every day. Soon, Facebook came knocking. Snapchat’s spurning of the social-network behemoth’s $3 billion offer was considered arrogant at the time, but it turns out to have been the right call: This morning, Snapchat — restructured in September into Snap, Inc — went public, in what is likely to be the largest tech IPO of the year. Snap’s bankers priced the IPO at $17 a share, giving the company a valuation of $22 billion. In its prospectus filed last month, Snap called itself “a camera company,” shifting its emphasis — at least in rhetoric — fully to hardware.
So, flush with cash and under pressure to dream big, the major software companies have set out to build optimized servers, autonomous vehicles, and balloons that beam internet to sub-Saharan Africa. In the process, they’ve brought resources and software sensibilities to a traditionally closed, insular field. The hardware products that result are designed with software in mind, able to leverage from the get-go the reams of data collected from our searching, swiping, and surfing. At Google, hardware projects are often located within Google X, the company’s prestigious “moon shot” research group. At Facebook, Area 404 is a lab open to all of the company’s hardware teams, where connectivity engineers can learn from experts in failure analysis, networking from FSO.
Uber, Google, and Facebook each made its name as a software organization; and for years, the freedom, speed of execution, and high margins of the software business came to define the modern internet age. Entrepreneurs and venture capitalists were enamored of software’s fast bootstrapping and return on investment, while hardware vendors straggled. But what these companies have come to realize is that not controlling the hardware that their software runs on — be it a car, a phone, or a headset — is limiting. While Apple has been able to support — and draw profit from — an entire software ecosystem by designing and manufacturing its own hardware, the ambitions of companies like Facebook, and to a lesser extent Google, have been restricted by their nature as software companies. It’s hard to think outside the box when the box is built by somebody else.
Perhaps the biggest risk of all is that Snap’s hardware isn’t ambitious enough. Companies like Google and Facebook enter the hardware business not just to create new revenue streams or to ensure top software performance, but to create new platforms — marketplaces like Apple’s App Store, where they can connect users to businesses and advertisers, all the while taking a cut. Glass was more than just a consumer gadget, it was a new way to gather data and sell advertising. Spectacles is still, at heart, a camera, not a platform; and as such, its revenue potential is limited to the sale of the object itself.
What makes Snapchat’s hardware ambitions different from Facebook and Google’s, though, is how they’ve been placed — very consciously and explicitly — front and center in the company’s identity, at a relatively early moment in the company’s history. When Mark Zuckerberg talks about Facebook being a drone company, we take it to mean in the sense that building drones is yet another piece of a jigsaw puzzle he’s completing, one that spells out world domination. Google’s hardware efforts, meanwhile — the ill-fated Google Glass, or the affordable VR headset Google Cardboard, for instance — often feel like billionaire pet projects. They are the ambitions of companies and founders who have already secured their legacies. For Snap, though, much is still uncertain — the company lost $514 million last year, and faces fierce competition for advertising dollars. It’s clear that it believes that “reinventing the camera” represents the future of the company, even though it’s unclear what exactly the company means by “reinventing.”
Snapchat’s push into hardware is not without its obstacles. Few things are more sobering for potential Snap investors than reading through the “Risks Factor” section of the prospectus, where the company disclaims, among other items: “We have limited manufacturing experience for our only physical product, Spectacles, and we do not have any internal manufacturing capabilities. Instead, we rely on one contract manufacturer to build Spectacles.” The company is unlikely to make money on the glasses for a long time; and in January, TechCrunch reported that a pair of Spectacles had caught fire while charging, in the same sort of malfunction which nearly crippled Samsung last year.
Snapchat’s transformation from a couple guys in a beach bungalow into the kind of place that hires people from Motorola is part of a broader industry trend: It is, in effect, no longer possible to be just an app, or even just a software company. The announcement in September of Snapchat Spectacles, which allow you to press a button on a pair of rather chic-looking sunglasses and upload a ten-second video directly to Snapchat, was the culmination of a year of hardware launches by Web 2.0 software companies: Facebook started a drone project and a hardware lab; Uber bought a self-driving-truck start-up; and Google, after partnering with LG and Samsung on Android, introduced its own in-house Google Pixel phone.
And yet, even with the single questionably revolutionary product, Snapchat hardware suggests some of the software-feature wisdom that has often impressed and surprised bystanders in Silicon Valley. Earlier this year, my roommate, a fan of the company, early-bird purchased a pair of Spectacles. They look like fairly ordinary sunglasses, except for the yellow button on the top. In a neat trick of sight that emphasizes the circular video format, when you watch a snap taken by Spectacle on Snapchat and rotate the device, the image stays in the same orientation. Natively integrated with a popular social platform in a way that pure hardware vendors have struggled to be, it’s easy to imagine Spectacles replacing wearables like GoPro — or even, eventually, with filters, an augmented-reality headset like Meta. In Snapchat’s IPO roadshow video, Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel talks about how “cameras have evolved from just a piece of hardware, like a chip, to a software connected to the internet.” With Spectacles, they’ve bet on a camera that’s both.
Between his years-long battles with Dippin’ Dots and Daft Punk, and that time he retweeted and praised a video from the Onion making fun of him, you’d think Sean Spicer would be better at Twitter. And yet … earlier today, Spicer announced — via his official @PressSec Twitter account — that Donald Trump had been confirmed as the new secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
Spicer meant to announce Ben Carson’s confirmation. Trump is, in theory, too busy being president of the United States to be HUD secretary. Also, there’s probably something in the Constitution prohibiting that. Still, it’s easy to see where Spicer went wrong, given that both Carson’s and Trump’s handles start with the same word, “real.”
Donald Trump and Ben Carson. Just two dudes keeping it real on Twitter.
And even when those wishes are clearly articulated, they’re used to scare people into opposition. Shortly before the election, former congressman Joe Walsh warned that, “If you want a country with 63 different genders, vote Hillary.” This week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions spoke of the uncertain effects of “marijuana being sold at every corner grocery store.” Either of these possibilities — a country with 63 genders and marijuana for sale at Publix — would likely elicit a robust “hell yeah” from left-leaning citizens. Both of them together would be liberal heaven.
Yesterday, the alt-right /pol/ News Network, which takes its name from the 4chan message board, identified another liberal demand.
What else do liberals want? Liberals have offered up some ideas.
Earlier this week, video surfaced of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick arguing with a driver named Fawzi Kamel. Recorded by Kamel’s dashboard camera, the clip shows the two men discussing changes to Uber’s business model and fare rates over the years. Kamel, a driver since 2011, argues that Kalanick’s price drops over the past six years bankrupted him to the tune of “$97,000”; Kalanick ends the conversation by slamming the car door after telling Kamel, “some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit.” The whole thing is heated, and slightly hard to hear, and involves Kamel quoting several numbers — fares, mileage rates, his personal debt — which Kalanick disputes. Kalanick would later publicly apologize for his behavior, and announce that he’s seeking “leadership help.” But Kalanick’s temper aside, the video is a stark reminder of just how much Uber’s model has changed since its launch, and how drivers are often the ones paying for it. So let’s nail down just what the argument is about.
“We started out with $20,” Kamel told Kalanick. “How much is the mile now, $2.75?” It’s unclear where Kamel got the $20 figure. The minimum fare — for Uber and now UberBlack — has remained steady at $15. It’s possible Kamel was referencing a typical dollar amount he earned per hour, or even per ride, several years back, but Kalanick isn’t wrong when he calls “bullshit” on the $20 figure Kamel is quoting. As for the “$2.75 per mile” comment, an UberBlack ride costs $3.75 per mile today.
And it’s not as though UberX is a picnic, either. Kamel had a set of specific complaints about his car category, but driver dissatisfaction is a problem across Uber’s categories: Drivers have been known to sleep in their cars in between shifts to maximize profits, and low fare rates continually lead to driver strikes around the world. If Kalanick wants to keep his drivers happy, he may need to take some responsibility for his shit.
Select All’s attempts to reach Fawzi Kamel were unsuccessful. Uber declined to comment on this story.
When Uber officially launched on the streets of San Francisco in 2011, the app was purely a luxury “black car” service, meaning drivers who wanted to work for Uber needed to have a vehicle from an Uber-approved list of high-end makes and models. (This list still exists today, denoting which cars drivers can use for UberBlack and UberX, though some cars can cross categories.) For the rider, a trip in an Uber in 2011 cost about 1.5 times as much money as a ride in a regular cab. This — and remember the ride-hailing market had yet to be flooded — wasn’t a terribly high price to pay for the ease of being able to call up a car on your phone whenever you needed one, especially in San Francisco’s less-than-efficient cab ecosystem. Uber fought to get drivers on board with the then-fledgling app. Every driver was given an iPhone and, like with Uber’s Seattle launch, the company even contracted directly with existing black-car drivers to get them to work for Uber. They promised flexible hours and the potential to make a decent chunk of change driving for them.
In 2012, Uber fares were calculated, like most city cab fares, by distance (if the car drove faster than 11 mph) or by time (under the 11 mph marker). Uber charged riders $4.90 per mile or $1.25 per minute, with a minimum fare of $15. But in 2013, UberX — the service most people associate with the company, which allows for just about anyone with a license and a car to drive for Uber — launched in San Francisco. An UberX ride cost 35 percent less than an UberBlack ride — a large saving if you were somebody just looking for a ride and didn’t mind hopping into a Prius instead of an Acura. With the introduction of cheaper UberX rides, the company also dropped the fare price on UberBlack by 10 percent, a move Kalanick attributed to searching for the “right market equilibrium.” In the video from this week, Kalanick says the company “went low-end” (read: introduced UberX) because not doing so would have priced them out of the market. “We didn’t go low-end because we wanted to. We went low-end because we had to … because we’d be out of business.”
But Kamel’s point remains, even if his figures are slightly off. In an interview with NBC following the video, Kamel said, “the first Uber black car drivers are the real investors in Uber,” but those drivers haven’t been included in Uber’s success. “And the worst part is, they call us partners, [but] they make the rules, set the price and they even choose the cars you can use,” he said.
But while Kalanick and his colleagues have continued tweaking prices to stay competitive against companies like Lyft and now-defunct Sidecar, drivers were the ones who really felt the effects. What had once seemed a great opportunity for black-car drivers like Kamel — records indicate Kamel had a lengthy history working in the black-car and limo industry — slowly became less and less lucrative, as Uber fares continued to fall with the start-up’s rising popularity. UberBlack fares were dropped again in 2014 — by which point Uber had ditched the time or distance fare model for a single-fare calculator — bringing the base fare to $7, with Uber charging $3.50 per mile and $0.55 per minute. In August 2014, Uber would nudge those numbers upward, but the current fare rates still ring in below what an OG Uber driver would have been making in 2011 — a gripe Kamel made clear while Kalanick was in his backseat.
While Kamel telling Kalanick he lost $97,000 directly because of the Uber CEO is most likely hyperbole (Select All confirmed Kamel filed for bankruptcy in California in 2016), he’s certainly right in feeling like 2011’s Uber and today’s Uber are markedly different beasts. UberX has since been joined by UberPool (sharing a car with strangers headed to a similar location for a discount), which further tightens the market for drivers. For someone like Kamel, who went all in on Uber as a luxury-only service, working as a driver just doesn’t offer what it once did. “Uber decided they don’t want Lincoln Town Cars anymore,” he told NBC. As Kalanick mentions in the video, Uber is decreasing the number of black cars on the road, which could be good for drivers like Kamel. It’s not clear if that will be quite enough, though. Some UberBlack drivers will offer their cars for both UberBlack and UberX customers — a tactic known as “cross-dispatching” — which gives them more opportunities for rides, but at a significantly lower rate.
The Mobile World Congress ended yesterday in Barcelona. Dedicated to smartphones, tablets, and laptops (and a smattering of other products), the MWC is part trade show and part press event, and provides a good opportunity to see what’s headed down the pike this year, as well as gauge the temperature of where many manufacturers are headed. Here’s some of the more interesting things to bubble out of the event.
LG badly needs a hit with its newest flagship phone. The G5 — last year’s attempt to create a “modular” phone that you could attach new parts and pieces to at will — never really took off, and its smartphone division is struggling. Luckily for LG, the G6 is a newly focused phone with an intriguing new form factor.
I’ve been spending time with a preproduction unit, and the first thing that sticks out is just how much screen there is, thanks to the G6’s ultraslim top and bottom bezels. The other big change: a 18:9 screen ratio, versus the industry standard of 16:9. This makes the phone feel noticeably thinner than comparable offerings from Apple, Samsung, and Google, which means — while it has a large 5.7-inch screen — it’s easy to hold one-handed. This also allows for split-screen multitasking on a phone that feels much more natural than any other solution I’ve tried to date.
This relaunch of the iconic brick phone got plenty of press attention, and probably backfired a bit for Nokia — as it was likely hoping some of that free press would also shine on its very solid and reasonably priced Nokia 6 Android smartphone.
The bad news for LG, of course, is that both Samsung and Apple have their own nearly bezel-free phones coming out this year. But it’s an intriguing look at what many phones are gonna end up looking like, and relatively soon.
Sure, it’s a blatant play for nostalgia, and it’s a phone that’s indistinguishable from plenty of other dumbphones on the market, except for costing a bit more and having an updated version of Snake. But as smartphone releases become more and more boring (get ready to upgrade, because this year’s new model is 5 grams lighter and 2 millimeters thinner!), it’s amazing how much heat this retread was able to generate.
If the tablet market is dying, nobody seems to have told Samsung. I got to spend some time with Samsung’s newest tablet at a press event here in New York, before MWC kicked off, and it’s a stunner. The screen is beautiful AMOLED and supports HDR, or high dynamic range — which creates a much more vibrant and full range of colors on the screen — and it’s got a beefy Snapdragon 820 powering it. With my Nexus 7 slowly dying, there’s some real appeal in an updated Android tablet hitting the market. The only open question: Samsung hasn’t revealed the price on this yet.
The Galaxy Book (coming out in a 10-inch and 12-inch model) is one of the increasing number of laptops that follow the lead of Microsoft’s Surface and Surface Book, allowing the screen to be detached from the keyboard altogether, and turning it into a tablet. The attached stylus works well, and boasts a nice feature in that it can detect how much you’re tilting it from side to side, good for anyone who uses Photoshop or other illustration programs.
While nobody has quite figured out the perfect OS for a computer that functions as both a standard laptop and a tablet — and Windows 10 is no exception — the trend toward this kind of flexibility is one I hope to see a lot more companies take up. Speaking of which…
5G mobile internet is still more theoretical than anything else at this point, but numerous carriers and hardware manufacturers now think we could see widespread roll out by 2019 — and the promise of a 10-gigabits-per-second mobile-data connection remains enticing (even if I shudder to think what it would do to my cell-phone bill). There’s still some serious work to do on establishing standards, but it seems like 5G will be here sooner rather than later.
This beast of a machine isn’t cheap at nearly $2,500, but it’s a high-powered and high-design laptop that looks to one up what Microsoft has done with the Surface Book. It even has a few extra tricks up its sleeve: You can tear away the screen like a Surface Book, or you can rotate it 360 degrees like a more traditional two-in-one. I’m not sure it’ll find a huge audience, but it’s notable that at least one company thinks there’s a market out there for these types of devices at luxury prices.
One of the more intriguing ideas that came from MWC: Samsung’s 5G Home Modem for Verizon, which would use 5G networks to deliver home internet. There’s a lot that remains up in the air about this, but 5G networks would be able to compete on speed against traditional cable ISPs that have a monopoly in most major American markets. For anyone who’s suffered under Time Warner Cable (excuse me, Spectrum) or Comcast, this could be a godsend — or at least spark some real competition in home ISP services.
For the last two weeks or so, people on Twitter, Reddit, and Tumblr have been adding cowboy hats to pictures. Alas, this nascent cowboy-hat meme — a.k.a. the “What in Tarnation” meme — is on its way out, because some kid in Texas has created one so perfect that there is truly no reason for anyone to ever make one of these memes again.
To understand where this meme came from, you first need to have a decent working knowledge of My Little Pony, the cast of which includes a pony named Applejack, whose catchphrase is “What in tarnation.” Now, remember that the internet is strangely obsessed with My Little Pony, and fast-forward to January, when a picture of a Shiba Inu in a cowboy hat captioned with “What in tarnation” started making the rounds on Tumblr.
From there, the “What in Tarnation” gag — “Wot in tarnation” works too — evolved into a fully formed Twitter meme. People started placing cowboy hats atop, well, everything, accompanied by words that end in “-ation.”
So long as you can come up with a caption ending in an “-ation” word, and have some basic knowledge of how to edit images, you, too, can get in on this dumb meme.
Society is, according to an old aphorism, always nine meals away from anarchy. For the tech industry, the threshold of chaos lies, apparently, at around five hours of Amazon downtime. On Tuesday, the US-East 1 data-center region of Amazon Web Services — the vast but largely hidden web-hosting arm of the internet retail giant — experienced extended downtime for a large number of websites and services. The cause? A typo entered by an Amazon tech.
While reports from the S3 outage of disruption of some connected light bulbs, and a slightly more obstinate Alexa, don’t sound particularly insidious, it’s easy to imagine scenarios where the push for more and more cloud-connected services and unexpected platform vulnerabilities produces more dire situations — hospitals losing access to data in crucial moments, smart traffic systems going down, or footage from police-worn body cameras rendered unavailable all at once.
While the outage was bad enough to cause disruptions across a huge range of products and services, it wasn’t necessarily as bad as catastrophic headlines about Amazon “breaking the internet” might suggest. Some of the breakages were more annoyances than cataclysmic failure, related to things like images not loading or trouble uploading attachments (as reported on Slack, Signal, and several news websites including the Verge). Other effects were more pronounced, but still focused more on tech itself, such as issues with tools like GitHub, Bitbucket, and Travis CI hindering developer productivity. And the outage not only broke some websites, but it broke other AWS products partially reliant on S3 — AWS was even temporarily unable to actually update its own product-status dashboard because the green and red icons indicating availability were hosted in an S3 bucket.
But so far, there’s no sign that companies are rapidly preparing to abandon AWS in light of the outage — if anything, they’re likely to increase their redundancy across data-center regions instead. While the Great Bucket Incident of 2017 may have been more temporary inconvenience than life-or-death situation, like the various outages that have come before it, this one serves as a semiannual reminder of just how much AWS has shaped and continues to shape the internet — and how many parts of both day-to-day internet use and everyday life are increasingly engulfed in the ubiquity of the cloud. Cloud computing, of which AWS has long been at the leading edge, has facilitated some major advances in consumer technology by making increasingly complex computation a problem that happens somewhere else, rather than on the limited hardware of, say, a smartphone or an Amazon Echo. These advances are sort of self-perpetuating: because the complex computation behind, for example, machine learning can live in a data center rather than a device, it’s easier to incorporate machine learning or other complex computation into more and more products without having to staple on more powerful hardware. The more objects and devices depend on machine learning, the greater the need for data centers — and the greater the consequences when those data centers go down and suddenly your data-driven lighting system doesn’t seem all that smart.
Put in Arrested Development terms, file storage is basically the banana stand of the internet — that is, there’s always money in it — and as a result, since the service’s launch in 2007, S3’s use has grown exponentially. The last time AWS offered a count of just how many objects lived in S3 buckets was in 2012, when the company surpassed the 1 trillion mark. In the past five years, that ratio of approximately three files on S3 for every star in the galaxy has probably only increased. And it’s likely that a significant amount of those objects are clustered in the US-East region in Northern Virginia, one of AWS’s oldest data-center regions and, for various reasons, a crucial choke point in the network infrastructure landscape.
The answer to this dilemma, according to the companies fighting to be Top Stratocumulus, is mostly more redundancy for their own systems — not a more diverse array of systems (or, say, the possibility that not every object in the world needs an IP address). When Jeff Bezos previously compared AWS to the development of the electric power grid, he wasn’t really evoking the democratic potential of rural electrification, so much as establishing himself, and AWS, as a new locus of power shaping and facilitating large aspects of networked life.
To some extent, the insidious shift toward greater and greater infrastructural centralization (and, by extension, greater vulnerability) via cloud services is not a new narrative. It’s one that has been the central tension of the internet for decades — whether it’s the walled gardens of AOL and Facebook against the open web or cloud services against self-hosting or local storage, convenient and centralized private platforms have long sought to undermine the technical (and rhetorical) ideal of the internet as a resilient, equitably distributed system.
(Ironically, in recent years AWS has had to start acting more like an actual power company — in 2015, AWS began investing in and developing wind and solar projects throughout the United States to support the growing energy needs of its data centers, and to meet a renewable-energy goal the company announced in November 2014, following years of criticism from Greenpeace over AWS’s use of coal-powered electricity. Private renewable-power grids are, in addition to being a good PR move, also an effective way of improving data-center efficiency and, well, making tech companies look even more like sovereigns. It sort of seems like a natural final evolution of the cloud — having achieved total self-sufficiency while rendering internet users completely dependent on their services, data centers make appealing fortification sites for a cyberpunk civil war between corporate overlords and a kleptocratic fascist regime. That is, maybe, a future in which we all lose unless we’re Neal Stephenson.)
Which was also a tedious system, and whether we ever had that version of the internet, or whether it was simply an nice idea to strive toward, is debatable, but I don’t think that makes it any less of a worthwhile ideal to pursue. A few hours of downtime in northern Virginia unfortunately isn’t quite enough to concretize the technical risks of infrastructural centralization at scale, but in an ideal world, those hours of downtime might offer users and developers some space to reflect on the political risks.
At the heart of this breakdown was S3 (Simple Storage Service), one of the most popular of AWS’s many products (many of the websites you visit on a daily basis likely use S3 for things like images, HTML files, and other “static” media). S3’s ubiquity is due, in part, to the simplicity and necessity of the service its name describes. It provides easy-to-configure, flexible storage for all kinds of “objects” (i.e., files) in “buckets” (which is, delightfully, a technical term for a kind of unit of storage).
After wrapping up a February packed with negative news stories — alleged gender discrimination, the forced resignation of a top exec over old sexual harassment accusations, that video of CEO Travis Kalanick arguing with a driver over dropping fares — ride-hailing start-up Uber doesn’t seem to be starting March off on a much better foot. According to a report today from the New York Times, the company has reportedly been using a secret software, Greyball, as part of a larger program (known as VTOS, or ““violation of terms of service”) to identify, and in some cases tag and track, local authorities who might hinder business. Speaking with both current and former employees, the Times found the program had been green-lit by Uber’s legal team, and is still a part of the company’s business model today.
The VTOS program identified local officials and law-enforcement agents using a variety of data. Uber would track officials by mapping out where their official offices were, and monitoring people in those areas who frequently opened the Uber app. The company also reportedly checked credit cards for associations with official organizations, “like a police credit union,” and traced burner-cell-phone purchases for records of which phones might be registered by local police or officials.
Uber’s Greyball software was used once an official was identified. If someone the company had deemed a risk tried to hail a ride using the app, they would be shown a number of car options on the app’s map. Except, unlike for a regular Uber rider, those cars were nonexistent “ghost cars” running on a fake version of the Uber app. (Alternatively, a Greyballed rider would be shown no cars at all.) “If a driver accidentally picked up an officer, Uber occasionally called the driver with instructions to end the ride,” the New York Times reports. In short, Uber Greyballed users who might have caused trouble for the company, had they actually been able to take an Uber ride. If those people couldn’t get into cars in the first place, they’d have no evidence for complaint.
The program dates back to 2014, when Uber struggled to get off the ground in Portland, after the city deemed the service illegal. (Uber has since been legalized.) An attempted sting was thwarted when a code-enforcement inspector was unable to hail an Uber, likely because he and his colleagues had been Greyballed. According to the employees and ex-employees interviewed, the program was also used to keep drivers safe in countries — like India and France — where Uber drivers are at risk. (Traditional cab services around the world have not taken too kindly to Uber’s low rates impinging on their markets.)
Following an earlier tweet featuring a shitpic of Senator Chuck Schumer eating a doughnut with Putin and calling for an investigation of Schumer’s possible ties to Russia, President Trump tweeted out another call for an investigation. This one called out Nancy Pelosi and her “close ties to Russia.” (The tweets were sent via Trump’s personal account — @RealDonaldTrump — and not the official @POTUS account.) Content aside, there was one glaring thing wrong with Trump’s tweet: It’s hard to make a proclamation if you can’t properly spell “hereby.”
In attempt one, President Trump tweeted “I hear by demand …” Several minutes later that tweet would be deleted and replaced with one reading, “I hearby demand …” Closer, but still not quite right.
The third time around, Trump got it right.
Trump’s mistakes conclude a weirdly big week for internet typos. On Thursday, Sean Spicer accidentally declared Trump, instead of Ben Carson, the new secretary of Housing and Urban Development. And then there was the one over at Amazon that derailed a large section of the internet for an entire afternoon. By comparison, Trump’s struggles with “hereby” aren’t actually so bad.
At the end of February, over 50 major tech companies filed an amicus brief in support of transgender teen Gavin Grimm and his upcoming Supreme Court hearing over bathroom rights in schools. Today, Yelp — one of the companies that signed the brief — announced a new tool that will allow users to more easily find out if a given business has a gender-neutral bathroom. Yelp users can submit info on the app about a business’s bathrooms, and business owners will also have the option to edit their pages accordingly. In the coming weeks, users will also be able to sort businesses on Yelp based on whether or not they have a gender-neutral bathroom.
From Yelp:
Remember when Yelp released the tool that let users use the app to find Pokéstops for Pokémon Go? It’s kinda like that, only this time Yelp’s feature is genuinely important, and could help a lot of people while the LGBTQQIA community continues its fight for bathroom equality in the legal system.
Silicon Valley’s biggest Trump backer, Facebook investor Peter Thiel, is cementing his power in the White House. According to Politico, the Trump administration has tapped Michael Kratsios, a Thiel affiliate, to serve as his deputy chief technology officer and deputy assistant to the president. That means Kratsios, and by proxy Thiel, will have the president’s ear on tech issues, such as net neutrality and cybersecurity. As described by TechCrunch, “The CTO leads the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, with a broad mandate of working on data, innovation and technology policy.”
Kratsios previously led Thiel Capital as chief of staff, and also worked at Clarium Capital as CFO. Clarium is something of a black spot on Thiel’s résumé, having lost 90 percent of its $7 billion in capital by 2011. Thiel is the standout Trump supporter in Silicon Valley, an industry that skews heavily liberal (at least at the individual level; the corporate level is another story). Thiel has, in recent weeks, naively claimed that Trump’s executive order on immigration is not a ban on Muslims entering the country.
Kratsios hasn’t said much about his positions on tech issues in public (He is, however, very upfront on his dormant Tumblr about the fact that he went to Princeton.) One thing that he does seem to enjoy is Ryan Gosling “Hey Girl” memes. Finally, a way to bridge the partisan divide.
Update 5:30 p.m.: An Uber spokesperson provided the following statement to Select All regarding questions about Greyball:
Is Barack Obama planning a coup? There are many ways to answer that question — “Why are you asking this question?” “What on earth would make you think that?” and, most simply and most accurately, “No.” Until this weekend, if you asked that question to Google — one of the most important sources of information on the planet — the answer was a paragraph excerpted from a website called Secrets of the Fed: “not only could Obama be in bed with the communist Chinese, but Obama may in fact be planning a communist coup d’état at the end of his term in 2016!”
So why would Google bother to do this? For much of the web’s history, search engines operated more as digital phone books than as anything else — directories that helped you locate websites you needed to see. As internet usage patterns have shifted to mobile apps and social networks, search engines are used more often as oracles for seekers to interrogate. This trend is encouraged and exacerbated by the Google Home, the Amazon Echo–like home-assistant chatbot speaker that’s supposed to answer any question automatically and accurately (key word: supposed to).
The main thing to understand about these boxes is that they are chosen and filled out not by a dedicated editorial staff, but by Google’s search algorithm — a complex hive of weighting and ranking functions that determine where a link falls on the list. When you ask Google a question, its algorithm picks out whatever it thinks is the correct or best answer, and summarizes it prominently atop the results. It’s impossible to say exactly how it works — partially because Google keeps it secret, and partially because the program is complex enough that it’s difficult to know how changes to code will affect search results — but generally speaking, Google pulls the answer for its highlighted box from one of the first three results.
The problem, naturally, is that Google’s highlighted answers work terribly for queries that don’t have a definitive answer. Answers to queries about facts and figures, like historical names and dates, are accurate most of the time (but not always, about which, more below). Asking highly subjective questions like “how do I get a date?” yields more dicey results.
For devices without a screen or easy means of user input, the system needs to figure out what the “best” answer is on its own. Oftentimes, “best answer” means “top result,” which itself translates to “what most users clicked on.” If you ask Google a question like “is Obama planning a coup?” you get … an odd response — and no accompanying list of results to compare against.
On the other hand, at its core, Google is an index — a searchable database of what is available on the internet. This separates it from a product like Facebook’s News Feed, which is just a list of things your friends have shared, and makes no claim to completeness. Google can be a useful source of information, but it’s more accurately understood as a snapshot of what people are putting on the World Wide Web. Needless to say, sometimes those notions can be diametrically opposed. Google shouldn’t tell me that Obama is planning a coup as a fact, but it needs to serve up something if I ask for “Obama coup conspiracy theory.”
And, anyway, what do people want when they search “Obama coup conspiracy theory”? Late last year, the company caught flack for featuring Holocaust-denying sites high up in results for queries like “did the Holocaust happen?” But when Google is understood as providing a picture of what you can find on the internet, it’s not surprising that a question with its own implicit bias (i.e., that there is a chance that the Holocaust might not have happened) would reveal results that align with that bias. Simply searching “Holocaust,” on the other hand, brings up, as expected, reams of accurate information.
The easiest solution would be for Google to hire a team of human editors to monitor and course-correct as needed, but that will almost definitely never happen. Google is among the tech companies pushing harder for AI breakthroughs, and conceding a need for human editorial involvement counteracts those goals. (To hire human editors would also cement Google’s new identity as “source of accurate information,” instead of just “source of what people on the web say is accurate information.”) In reality, Google’s best editors are its user base, and the company might do well to explain more clearly why a certain snippet was chosen, and more enthusiastically solicit user feedback. These highlighted results showed up seemingly out of nowhere, as a fully formed final product. What they need is a big “BETA” tag hanging off of them, like Gmail had for years.
This is the crux of the problem: Google can only show you information if it exists on the web. There are no news stories about Obama not planning a coup, just as web pages about the Holocaust tend to take as a given that it happened. Google can’t refer users to a web page that doesn’t exist, and it is — so far — not in the business of crafting rebuttals itself, which is why conspiracy theories dominate briefly, until they can be noticed and rebutted.
The highlight box raises a lot of existential questions about what Google, the search engine, is, and what its obligation is to us. On the one hand, users obviously need accurate information. They don’t need the website Secrets of the Fed bolstering conspiracy theories of a communist coup from our secret Muslim ex-president.
Google wants its search engine to be an artificial intelligence, but right now, its highlighted answers are just the dressed-up results of an advanced text-matching algorithm. For AI to really work, it needs a layer that evaluates not just whether the information is relevant to the query, but whether or not it’s accurate, too. It’s easy to tell when facts are accurate; it’s nearly impossible to know when advice is. And that doesn’t even get into the more holistic concerns about bias, or incorrect assumptions, in question wording.
The U.S.’s 911 emergency response almost works in spite of itself; it’s an aging patchwork of 6,500 call centers that largely worked when everyone had a home phone line, but has struggled as fewer and fewer Americans own a landline. The network’s vulnerabilities to hackers have been an open secret for years — but The Wall Street Journal has an in-depth story of what looks to be the largest-ever attack against the 911-emergency-response network.
Over the weekend, the Outline published a lengthy report on the barely regulated Wild West that is Google’s “featured” snippets — the highlighted boxes that sometimes appear at the top of Google search results. For an increasing number of searches, Google’s program will attempt to highlight and excerpt the best answer to your query, without you even needing to click on a link. No longer can Huffington Post capitalize on “Super Bowl start time” search-engine optimization; if you ask Google “what time does the Super Bowl start?” a big box (in this case excerpted from NJ.com) will tell you: 6:30 p.m. EST.
In an odd way, the fact that most call centers haven’t seen major updates in years is a line of defense against attackers. Most call centers still use old-fashioned copper-wiring telephone cable — a 911 call center that ran on a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) system, like many larger businesses use, would be much easier to take down.
Investigators estimate the link was clicked 117,502 times. Smartphones not made by Apple weren’t affected, and clicking the link while viewing Twitter in desktop did nothing. As soon as the link was clicked, the phone would begin to dial 911. Users could hit the hang-up button, but the phone would simply begin to redial 911. The only way to stop the 911-auto-call loop was to power down the phone.
The main attack started when the Twitter account @SundayGavin tweeted: “I CANT BELIEVE PEOPLE ARE THIS STUPID,” along with a shortened link. (Helpful tip: never click a shortened link.) Once people clicked the link, their phones began to dial 911. Police tracked the Twitter account to an 18-year-old, who claimed he had clicked the link himself, and had posted the link mainly as a joke. Other users picked up on the prank, and began tweeting the link as a way to download new Drake songs, or to please support their pages. Eventually, a social-media celeb with a Twitter account of about 440,000 followers tweeted the link, worsening the problem.
But even copper-wire-telephone-cable call centers can be brute-forced. Starting late on the evening of October 25, 2016, for nearly 12 hours, dozens of 911 call centers across the country were barraged with thousands of calls from smartphones, from California to Florida. The 911 calls would hang up as soon as an operator picked up. “We didn’t mean to call 911!” one panicked girl told an operator, per The Wall Street Journal. “I’m not touching the phone! I’m not doing anything! I don’t know how to make it stop!”
While this was happening across the country, Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Sergeant Dennis Ogorchock, responsible for the department’s cybersecurity, was called into the office early in the morning, after learning the county’s own 911 system was being overwhelmed. Sergeant Ogorchock ran a WHOIS check on the website causing the mischief. It turned out that the site was registered to Meet Desai — and some social-media sleuthing revealed a young man with the same name, who happened to be enrolled in computer science at a local community college in Phoenix.
Local police found Desai in class, and brought him in for questioning. Desai claimed he had discovered the bug in the iPhone’s software, and was hoping to collect on Apple’s bug bounty — though Apple denies Desai was part of the bug-bounty program. When asked why his script caused phones to dial 911 over and over, Desai told authorities that he originally meant for his code to call 911, before deciding that would alarm too many people, but switched it to call a dead number instead. But, perhaps by accident, the code went live, and people started calling 911 en masse.
What’s frightening is that this attack seems to mainly have been perpetrated by teenagers goofing off on the internet, and they just accidentally brought one of the nation’s vital safety systems to its knees. It’s scarier to think what could have happened if the code hadn’t allegedly been the brainchild of a bored community-college student, but one of someone with more experience and more malicious motives.
“I think he was just a teenage kid trying to make a name for himself in the hacker community,” says Sergeant Ogorchock. Desai is now charged with four felony counts of computer tampering, and has yet to enter a plea. Apple plans to patch the security hole that allowed for iPhones to be taken over and call 911 nonstop.
“If this was a nation-state actor that wanted to damage or disable 911 systems during an attack, they could have succeeded spectacularly,” says Trey Forgety, director of government affairs at the National Emergency Number Association, speaking to The Wall Street Journal. “This was a serious wake-up call.”
Despite daily morning blunts and a career spanning almost 30 years in music, Cypress Hill’s B-Real, 46, is still one of the busiest men in the business. Cypress Hill is recording music and plans to drop a new album in 2017; the band is joining Snoop Dogg’s “Wellness Retreat” tour this April, and then touring Europe later in the summer; he’s also recording new music with Prophets of Rage, the supergroup featuring members from iconic ‘90s bands Public Enemy and Rage Against the Machine; and they’ll be touring South America and Europe this spring to promote their soon-to-be-released album. “I like to keep it moving,” B-Real says on the phone, outside the studio. “It’s going to be a hectic year for me.”
No matter how hectic, though, B-Real still has time for Instagram. As others have noted, Cypress Hill loves to comment on posts by National Geographic, among others. That’s right: That’s not software, nor a bot, nor a publicist commenting for the group. That is actually B-Real, sitting there stoned, carefully picking out which emoji to use. And why not? When you’re one of the most famous stoners in the United States, why wouldn’t you be Instagram-deep-diving into @natgeo or @usinterior?
Select All spoke to B-Real about the group’s IG usage and why he can’t get enough of NatGeo.
Are you manning both Cypress Hill’s and your personal account?
How much time do you spend on Instagram a day?
Definitely, we found ways to get great engagement and the account just keeps growing. It’s been astonishing. It started growing by the tens of thousands every month. Once we got into a rhythm with posts, we started seeing increases in engagement like never before.
Has your engagement grown a lot since you started commenting and engaging with fans?
What kind of rhythm? How often do you post?
If I get the time, I’ll do between three and four posts a day. I try not to do more than that. I don’t want to oversaturate, you know? We don’t want to annoy people! When someone is just doing post after post, I’ll unfollow them, even if they’re our friend!
What’s with all the NatGeo commenting? There’s some major emoji use going on there.
NatGeo always has great photographs and photographers. There’s always something interesting to look at. In the beginning, it was just regular likes and maybe a comment with one emoji, but eventually I started trying to match the emoji to the post. So if it was a panda picture, I’ll put that emoji and so on. I try to make it fun and creative, get people talking and engaging. If a post is fire, we’ll put a flame.
There are new fans and younger generations, too, like Kendall Jenner, who was just photographed wearing a Cypress Hill shirt, and Miley Cyrus, and a lot of accounts in the cannabis space, of course, like High Times, Berner415, and Wiz Khalifa. These people are our friends as well, and engaging is just one way of showing support for each other. It just keeps everything moving.
It’s time consuming for sure, but I almost have it worked out on an alarm clock now. It’s like every few hours that clock goes off in my head and I’m back on Instagram. I like to keep the momentum going and posting helps to remember a great time.
Yea, I started my personal account first and then Cypress Hill came later. We were late to the game on the band account, but I’ve been manning both for years. It takes a lot of time but I’m happy to do it.
I’ve seen you comment on NASA’s account, Jennifer Lopez’s, and Rihanna’s. Are there any other profiles you like to follow and comment on?
*This interview has been edited and condensed.
Yesterday, congressional Republicans finally revealed their plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. Key tenets of the American Health Care Act include potentially discouraging healthy people from getting insurance, in order to keep costs down; blocking federal funding for Planned Parenthood (via Medicaid) for a year; restricting abortion; and allowing insurance companies to charge older Americans up to five times more (currently this figure is capped at 3 times) than younger Americans. The proposed plan still has to get through the Senate and the House — a process, even if successful, that will likely take months — but if Twitter’s responses are any indication, the AHCA is going to be a tough sell. (Of course, if Twitter’s responses to anything were any indication, Kanye West would be god-emperor.)
After the GOP announced the bill to the rest of the nation — previously, only Republicans were allowed to see it — Twitter users turned the comparison between the proposed plan and Obamacare into a meme. Just pair two photos of the same person, place, or thing, but make sure the one on the right (the GOP’s replacement plan) looks significantly more haggard and less appealing than the one on the left (Obamacare).
It’s unclear whether or not memes are considered a preexisting condition under the American Health Care Act.
It’s been drilled into our heads over the last decade: If you’re on the web and you’re handing over any personal information, make sure the site you’re using has HTTPS enabled. You’ll know the site you’re on is using HTTPS because it will have that comforting green-padlock symbol you see in every modern browser, a little visual cue that the site you’re using is secure. That green icon means the site I’m on is using something called Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL, (thus the S at the end of HTTPS).
Thanks to efforts by Google, Facebook, the Internet Engineering Task Force, and others, nearly every site that will ask you for any sensitive data will use HTTPS. It’s been a vital step in creating a web that’s vastly more secure than what existed ten or 15 years ago. Sites using SSL certification allow for various types of encryption protocols, which greatly increase the difficulty of malicious users trying to do things like man-in-the-middle attacks, or spy on a connection while I’m logging into my bank account or webmail account — and a major part of that has been giving users that easy-to-understand, easy-to-see green icon.
For instance, if I head to PayPal in Chrome, even before I log in, I’ll see this:
For websites that want to offer HTTPS-secured browsing, they need to obtain an SSL security certificate, issued by an SSL-certificate-authority company. Until recently, website operators would need to pay a fee to get the certificate from companies like Symantec, Comodo, or Verisign. The certificate could be pricey, depending on how much traffic and secure connections you anticipated, and required a fair amount of technological savvy.
But here’s the thing: Just because a site has an SSL certificate (and, thus, that little green padlock in your browser bar) doesn’t mean it’s a legit site, or that it’s actually the site it’s claiming to be. Vincent Lynch, senior security analyst for the SSL Store, thinks Let’s Encrypt’s mission to issue as many SSL certificates as possible has created a dangerous situation. Because Let’s Encrypt is easy and free to use, phishing and malware sites seem to have taken a liking to it.
Let’s Encrypt has issued, by Lynch’s count, 988 SSL certificates to sites with the word “PayPal” in them. Here’s a quick sample of just a few of the sites (all of which are now inactive) that had a Let’s Encrypt SSL certificate. All of these sites would have showed that comforting, little green padlock on the top of your screen if you had logged on, but judging purely by the URLs, you may have been in for a bad time if you had actually entered your PayPal username and password:
That changed with a company called Let’s Encrypt. Launched in 2016, the company removed fees for issuing SSL certificates, and greatly simplified the process of getting an SSL certificate. It’s, frankly, an admirable goal: Let’s Encrypt seeks to democratize SSL encryption for a vast number of sites that wouldn’t have been able to afford either the cost or the time to get an SSL through larger companies. It’s been wildly successful — it’s issued over 30 million SSL certificates to sites since it’s been founded.
Lynch’s request to Let’s Encrypt is this: Stop issuing SSL certificates to any site with “PayPal” in the name, and thus remove that green-padlock icon from browser bars that may confuse less tech-savvy users (or just anyone who isn’t paying close attention to a URL).
“Certificate authorities have traditionally said, ‘We’re not gonna give certification to potentially harmful sites,’” says Lynch. “Or ‘we’re gonna revoke the SSL certification so users can be aware.’” Let’s Encrypt, by its own admission, does not see moderating which sites get SSL certificates as part of its mission.
For Aas, asking a company like his, which is attempting to spread SSL certification as broadly as possibly, would be impossible. “We simply don’t certify sites as safe,” says Aas. “That’s not what our certificates certify. Even if we wanted to, we’re not in a place to police content.” For Aas, it also starts to get into the concept of censorship — why should Let’s Encrypt start drawing lines in the sand about which sites are allowed to have SSL certification and that green padlock, and which are not?
But Josh Aas, executive director at Let’s Encrypt, says it’s just not that simple. “Do you think it would end at just blocking PayPal?” asks Aas. “There’s no way we stop at PayPal. It’s a slippery slope, and I think it’s a pretty disingenuous argument.”
(It should be noted that Lynch’s employer, the SSL Store, which resells SSL certificates from larger sites, is in some ways a competitor to Let’s Encrypt, though the two operate in very different arenas — Let’s Encrypt is largely a do-it-yourself operation, while the SSL Store offers a much more hands-on customer-service experience.)
I have a lot of sympathy for Aas’s point of view. Asking an organization like Let’s Encrypt to serve as gatekeeper for every website that wants to get SSL certification would be incredibly onerous, and would likely put an end to the good work it’s doing in making SSL certification even more of a standard on the web. And there’s something to the argument that once you ban a certain word, like “PayPal,” you’ve set a precedent to ban others.
On the other hand, phishing sites — particularly sites that would allow malicious users to gain access to sites like PayPal, which are likely linked to users’ bank accounts and credit cards — are incredibly harmful. After scanning through the 988 PayPal SSL certifications issued by Let’s Encrypt, Lynch’s judgement is blunt. “Just half a percent or less of these sites have a legitimate use. Everything else is just being used to harm the web.”
The problem of phishing sites using SSL certificates is a problem for companies that design browsers, like Google or Microsoft. “They have the resources to identify issues, and have more data on more users,” says Aas. “Microsoft can figure out if it’s a phishing site, and it can say, ‘Hey, this is a phishing site.’ That’s where this stuff needs to happen.”
The vast majority of my life is now contained in digital files, whether it’s how much money I have in my bank account, my medical health records, or tens of thousands of personal and professional messages. This was a somewhat-concerning situation 20 years ago, when most of that information was on my local, crappy Gateway desktop, but now nearly all of that data sits in a cloud server somewhere — a server that requires just a username, a password, and perhaps a (easily bypassed) form of two-factor authorization. Creating a web that’s secure can no longer just rely on SSL certificates and checking for that green padlock; there will have to be a broad push toward better design, more consumer education, and perhaps the creation of some regulatory body that attempts to stamp out truly malicious sites targeting average web users — long before someone accidentally coughs up their PayPal password to www.paypal-bank.very-real-site.ru.
Until then, just because you see that green padlock at the top of your browser, don’t assume you’re completely safe.
Lynch agrees that Let’s Encrypt is well within its rights — he just disagrees with its perspective. “It’s not breaking any rules; it’s not an error or security lapse,” says Lynch. “But stone-cold numbers are backing that these SSL certificates are only being used and abused. Let’s Encrypt should dispense with all the arguments and fix this problem — a problem that is clear and quantifiable.”
Aas doesn’t see Let’s Encrypt, or any SSL-certification-authority company, as being the best place to fight against phishing and malware. For Aas, the real problem is that we’ve grown far too reliant on that safe, little green-padlock button: We see it, and we assume we’re safe from anything, instead of realizing that we’re just on a secure connection.
Google, Mozilla, Safari, and Microsoft all do a decent job of warning you against phishing and malware sites once they’re discovered, but those phishing and malware sites have to be discovered first. And with the ease of new sites gaining access to SSL certification, it’s possible that harmful sites still slip through your browser’s defenses before the URL is flagged — but still appear in your browser with that green padlock showing it as secure.
The sudden rise of PayPal phishing sites with SSL certification seems to have come around the same time as Let’s Encrypt. Before Let’s Encrypt began issuing SSL certificates, there were, per Lynch’s estimation, about 258 suspicious sites with “PayPal” somewhere in the URL. Now, there are nearly 1,000. (Lynch isn’t the only one to point this out; security researcher Eric Lawrence pointed out the same problem earlier this year.)
WikiLeaks has released a new data dump today, which it is calling “Vault 7,” detailing some of the surveillance and hacking tools WikiLeaks claims the CIA currently uses. The release, which is made up of nearly 8,000 web pages and 1,000 documents, has a couple of bombshells that — if true — would show that the CIA wields some truly powerful tools, including the ability to use smart TVs as active surveillance devices, and using “Zero Day” exploits against popular smartphones like iPhone, Android, and Microsoft’s Windows devices.
Fortunately, one of the claims getting the most play online isn’t technically true. Here is this tweet from the New York Times (which the Times later deleted and apologized for):
And the full paragraph detailing the leak in the Times:
It’s that second sentence that’s vital here: It’s not that the encryption on Signal, WhatsApp (which uses the same encryption protocol as Signal), or Telegram has been broken, it’s that the CIA may have a way to break into Android devices that are using Signal and other encrypted messaging apps, and thus be able see what users are typing and reading before it becomes encrypted.
What WikiLeaks says the CIA is able to do right now on Android phones is look over your shoulder while you use your phone. It doesn’t matter how strong or secure your end-to-end encryption program is if someone can observe everything you type or read.
Not that that hasn’t caused the spread of, at best, misleading information on Twitter:
The bottom line is that if the CIA has managed to install malware on your Android smartphone (perhaps something like a keylogger or screen-capture program), it wouldn’t matter how strong the encryption is.
In the meantime, anyone saying the CIA has “cracked Signal,” or other encrypted chat apps, is either betraying a lack of understanding about what WikiLeaks claims the CIA is capable of doing, or engaging in base fearmongering. There’s plenty to be worried about in the WikiLeaks “Vault 7” file dump. Signal, WhatsApp, and Telegram being cracked isn’t one of them.
This morning, WikiLeaks posted a new cache of files, this time from the CIA, comprising more than 8,700 documents pertaining to the agency’s covert hacking program. This release, called “Year Zero,” is the first of multiple planned document releases. Among its contents are details of the CIA’s knowledge and exploits of “zero day” vulnerabilities, weaknesses that are unknown to the technology provider, and therefore ripe for abuse.
But wait! There’s more! According to the records, the CIA has been hoarding zero-day vulnerabilities, rather than disclosing them to tech companies so that they can be patched. This is not particularly surprising — you can assume every intelligence agency does it. But that’s the thing: every agency, which means if the CIA knew about these exploits, you can bet other foreign and domestic actors did as well.
Also compromised, according to the documents, were Samsung smart TVs. Using software code-named “Weeping Angel,” the CIA was able to turn the TVs into covert recording devices. The Internet of Things, which is already notoriously insecure, has already been compromised by U.S. intelligence.
WikiLeaks claims that the exploits and documents have been circulating for a while now. “The archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom has provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive,” they write. The danger now, as has become routine, is that we don’t know who else has them.
Among the software targeted were both major mobile operating systems, iOS and Android, and desktop-software Windows and macOS. By compromising phone hardware, the CIA was apparently able to bypass encryption on protected messaging apps, such as Signal and WhatsApp. (To be clear, there is virtually nothing Signal or WhatsApp can do themselves to guard against this vector of attack. If the devices are compromised, so is everything on it.)
Update 1:14 p.m. ET: Signal creator Moxie Marlinspike offered his own thoughts about the information revealed in the WikiLeaks “Vault 7” files. “For us, it’s confirmation that the things we’re doing are working,” says Marlinspike. “End-to-end encryption has pushed intelligence agencies away from undetected and unfettered mass surveillance to where they have to use high-risk and targeted attacks.”
“They have to use these [attacks] very carefully,” continues Marlinspike. “Every time they use one, there’s a chance it’ll be detected, which costs millions of dollars to them.”When asked if he took any personal satisfaction in knowing he’s created additional headaches for intelligence agencies, Marlinspike paused before simply replying, “No comment.”
After a video surfaced of Travis Kalanick arguing with a driver — “some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit” — the 40-year-old Uber CEO announced he needed to “grow up,” and would be seeking “leadership help.” Today, per a report from Recode followed up by a blog post from Kalanick, it seems part of that help will come in the form of a new chief operating officer for the company. “This morning I told the Uber team that we’re actively looking for a Chief Operating Officer: a peer who can partner with me to write the next chapter in our journey,” Kalanick wrote.
The announcement was made at the company’s headquarters in San Francisco. Uber has hired a firm to conduct the search, and has narrowed its choices down to two final candidates, Recode reports, noting that a female COO would be preferable. This isn’t exactly surprising, given Uber’s recent run of gender-discrimination and sexual-harassment allegations. Former Uber engineer Susan Fowler wrote a detailed blog post about her struggles during her year at Uber, which has prompted other former employees — both anonymously and publicly — to come forward with their own stories. Uber SVP Amit Singhal was forced to resign last week, after it was discovered that he hadn’t disclosed sexual-harassment allegations levied against him while working for Google before coming to Uber. And Uber VP of product and growth Ed Baker also resigned last week, amid speculation he had (consensual) sex with another employee. The company is currently conducting an independent investigation into claims of sexual harassment.
Kalanick’s “dream candidates,” according to Recode, include ex-Disney COO Tom Staggs and Helena Foulkes, president of CVS Pharmacy and executive VP of CVS Health. Still, it might be tough for Uber to lure over the big-name (ideally female) talent it needs to veer the company off the destructive path it seems to have stumbled down in recent weeks. See also: Waymo suing Uber for allegedly stolen technology, and the discovery of secret software that has been used since 2014 to tag and track officials, and keep them from using Uber. Oh, and there was also the whole #DeleteUber thing during the Trump-travel-ban protests at JFK Airport in New York City. That was only the end of January, but it feels like a lifetime ago in Uber-controversy years.
If you’re a Tinder user who has repeatedly found yourself disappointed with the dating pool on the app, there might be hope for you yet. That is, if you can get an invite into Tinder Select, an elite version of the dating app discovered by Tech Crunch earlier today. Tinder Select has reportedly been around for six months and users were quietly invited by Tinder to join.
From Tech Crunch:
Tech Crunch notes Elo scores — an internal algorithmic rating system Tinder uses — might be a factor in how users are chosen for Select. According to at least a few people on Reddit, the navy-blue Select icon (which appears at the top of the app where users on regular Tinder toggle between the fire emoji and the group Tinder setting) just appeared randomly. A source told Tech Crunch the elite feature is “for celebrities and people who do really well on Tinder.” Excuse me while I go update the Tinder app on my phone to see how hot and cool Sean Rad & Co. think I am.
Tinder declined to comment on this story.
If you live in an American city, and have disposable income, Uber has likely revolutionized how you get around. The app, which more or less invented — and now dominates — the smartphone-ride-hailing business, made getting a cab easier and more pleasant (and in some cities cheaper) than ever before; from design to functionality, the company represents, in many ways, the hopes and promises of a generation of start-ups.
None of this means that Uber is on its way out. The company is still well-funded by investors, and has — by a long shot — the largest and most comprehensive network of riders and drivers in its category; as Recode’s Johana Bhuiyan pointed out yesterday, Uber’s market share is so large, it will be hard for competitors like Lyft to take advantage of Uber’s recent stumbles. But at the same time, there’s no guarantee that Uber would make it through the next decade intact, even if it can right the ship — as the transportation-industry expert Hubert Horan convincingly argued last year, it’s unclear if Uber can be sustainably operated without the “subsidies” offered by its investors.
It also represents the pitfalls and dangers of taking the move-fast-and-break-things approach to corporate and regulatory culture. Over the last few weeks, the company has faced allegations of sexual harassment, a lawsuit over stolen technology, and a secret dashboard video of CEO Travis Kalanick losing his temper at a driver. The nonstop barrage of accusations and revelations has clearly shaken Kalanick — and investors. On Tuesday, Kalanick announced he is seeking a new chief operating officer, a “peer who can partner with me to write the next chapter in our journey,” Kalanick wrote on the company blog. Translation: An executive, ideally a woman, who can run a company without the baggage.
About that baggage: Uber’s issues didn’t just pop out of nowhere. To those in the technology industry, the company has long been known for its “asshole culture”; and its frequent clashes with drivers, riders, law enforcement, and local government have made it either a disruptive hero or an arrogant villain, depending on who you talk to, and how badly they need a ride. Either way, there’s no question that Uber has been pushing the limits of acceptable corporate behavior for a while.
June 2010: Uber (then known as UberCab) launches in San Francisco as a luxury black-car, on-demand service. A ride costs about 1.5 times as much as taking a traditional cab.
October 2010: California issues a cease-and-desist order to the newly launched UberCab. Penalties for continued operation include fines of up to $5,000 for each UberCab hailed, and jail time calculated based on the number of days UberCab remained operational after receiving the C&D.
October 2010: UberCab changes its name to Uber.
March 2012: Uber shares a blog post using rider data to analyze people taking “Rides of Glory,” Uber’s on-demand economy version of the Walk of Shame. The company, in a now-deleted blog post, tracked people who requested rides from 10 p.m. to 4 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays, and then requested a second ride hours later from the same place they were dropped off earlier in the evening.
September 2011: At the launch of Uber Chicago, guests are treated to a screen showing — without their permission — the location of “known people” using Uber in New York. Investor Peter Sims, who got a text from a friend at the party who knew his exact whereabouts, would go on to write a Medium post about the experience in 2014.
May 2011: Uber arrives in New York City.
July 2012: Uber introduces UberX, which allows almost anyone with a car who can pass a background check to drive for Uber. An UberX ride is 35 percent cheaper than a ride in a “regular” Uber car (later rebranded UberBlack), and longtime Uber drivers express frustration at lower rates and increased competition.
November 2012: Hurricane Sandy hits New York City, wiping out most public transportation options and driving up Uber demand. With the increased demand, Uber prices surge to twice the usual fare rate, causing some to accuse the company of price gouging during an emergency. The company responds by dropping the fare to the normal rate, while continuing to pay drivers two times the rate.
March 2013: Seth Bender files a lawsuit against Uber in Washington, D.C., after his driver allegedly assaulted him for burping in the car. Bender also alleged the driver went off on an anti-gay and anti-American rant.
August 2013: Uber launches in India and Africa.
December 2013: An Uber driver hits a family in a San Francisco crosswalk, killing a 6-year-old child. The family sues Uber, which initially denied responsibility, and later settled out of court for an unknown sum.
December 2013: Attorney Shannon Liss-Riordan files the first documents in a case against Uber, on behalf of over 350,000 current and former Uber drivers in California and Massachusetts. The suit argues that Uber drivers should be classified as employees, not independent contractors, meaning the company should be responsible for providing things like benefits, meeting the minimum wage, and reimbursing drivers for expenses. It will be two years before a judge rules the case can move to a jury trial.
December 2011: Uber goes international, launching its first cars in Paris.
February 2014: Travis Kalanick does an interview with GQ, in which he refers to his company as “Boob-er” after the writer asks him about his rising popularity with women. “He [Kalanick] deflects [the writer’s question] with a wisecrack about women on demand: ‘Yeah, we call that Boob-er.’” Also in the interview, Kalanick, copping a line from Charlie Sheen, says, “that’s hashtag winning”; he also says he’d rather be spending time at posh hotels in Miami than working with local authorities to cooperate with limo laws. (Fair enough!)
January 2014: Valleywag reports that top Uber staff in New York City are creating accounts on Gett to call and cancel rides on the rival app. After canceling a number of rides, much to the frustration of the Gett drivers, Uber then attempted to poach those drivers to come work for Uber, instead of its competitor.
March 2014: A female Uber passenger in Chicago sues the company, after her driver allegedly locked her in the car and groped her. The passenger, Vy Ho, says she only got into the front seat of the car after the driver, Jigneshkumar Patel, pretended to need her help with directions. Uber immediately deactivated Patel as a driver following Ho’s allegations, a marked change from the company’s previous denials of responsibility in similar situations.
August 2014: UberPool launches, allowing people to carpool with other riders headed to geographically close destinations for a significantly reduced rate.
August 2014: The Verge reports that, in a move similar to the one it reportedly used against rival app Gett in January, Uber used a group of independent contractors with burner phones to call and cancel thousands of rides with Uber’s rival Lyft.
June 2014: Following allegations of a San Francisco driver assaulting a passenger and calling him a “dirty Mexican faggot,” PandoDaily reports the driver in question had served time in prison for a felony conviction. Despite his criminal record, the driver still passed Uber’s background check. The company initially said it would temporarily ban the driver, but later, following Pando’s story, revoked his privileges entirely.
November 2014: Emil Michael, Uber’s senior vice president of business, suggests that the company hire a team to do opposition research on journalists who are critical of Uber, in order to expose their secrets and “give the media a taste of its own medicine.” The comment, which was made at an invite-only dinner hosted by Kalanick — and which Michael believed to be off the record — followed an October 2014 piece from Sarah Lacy, the editor of tech site PandoDaily, in which Lacy explained the “asshole culture” of Uber, and why she was deleting the app.
June 2015: The California Labor Commission rules that Uber drivers are employees, rather than contractors. (The decision is not a direct effect of the California and Massachusetts class-action suit launched in 2013.)
June 2015: French taxi drivers attack alleged Uber drivers in Paris amid unrest between the two industries. Protestors are motivated by Uber’s low fare rates and flexible hours hurting their business, calling Uber’s model “economic terrorism.”
May 2015: Several months after opening a research facility in Pittsburgh and announcing a partnership with Carnegie Mellon, the Verge reports Uber poached 50 top employees from Carnegie Mellon’s National Robotics Engineering Center.
January 2012: Uber riders are enraged after the company charges up to six times the normal fare for rides on New Year’s Eve, as part of its surge-pricing model. Even though the company had made it very clear in advance that surge pricing would be in effect — given the busy nature of the night — for many customers, this was the first time they experienced the full effects of Uber’s dynamic pricing model.
September 2013: Bridget Todd, a writer and activist, tweets at Uber claiming her driver, “David E,” choked her for kissing her “white husband.” Police arrive at the scene, but no arrests are made. Uber later issues a statement standing behind the driver, claiming that Todd and her husband were intoxicated (something Todd admitted in her tweets before making her account private), and that the situation only escalated after Todd refused to take her feet off of the seats. Leaked internal emails would later show Kalanick wanting his staff to “make sure these writers don’t come away thinking we are responsible even when these things do go bad,” and blaming journalists for making Uber “somehow liable for these incidents that aren’t even real in the first place.”
May 2016: Uber ends service in Austin, Texas, after it fails to overturn a city rule with stringent guidelines, including fingerprint-based background checks for drivers. Uber (and competitor Lyft) spent $8.6 million in Austin trying, unsuccessfully, to get the rule changed.
July 2016: After losing a long fight to win the market, Uber’s main competitor, Didi Chuxing, purchases Uber’s Chinese business. Uber lost a reported $2 billion trying to defeat Didi in China before the sale.
August 2016: Uber drivers in Kenya strike after the company slashes fare rates by 35 percent to stay competitive.
November 2016: Uber settles a sexual-assault lawsuit in California related to accusations against drivers.
July 2014: District attorneys from San Francisco and Los Angeles send a letter to Uber (and Lyft and Sidecar), threatening legal action if the company doesn’t change its process for vetting drivers, and calling the existing model “a continuing threat to consumers and the public.” “The district attorneys told all three companies that they misled customers by claiming their background checks of drivers screen out anyone who has committed driving violations, including DUIs, as well as sexual assault and other criminal offenses,” SFGate reported at the time. “The district attorneys say that’s patently untrue.”
April 2016: Uber settles two class-action lawsuits over labor practices with hundreds of thousands of current and former drivers in Massachusetts and California. The company agreed to pay a settlement of $100 million. A few months later, a federal judge would deem the settlement “not fair, adequate and reasonable,” and throw it out.
December 2016: Former Uber forensic investigator Ward Spangenberg sues the company, alleging age discrimination and whistle-blower retaliation. In his filings, Spangenberg claims it is still frighteningly easy for Uber staff to access passenger information via the company’s “Heaven View” map, a new name for the company’s controversial “God View” map, which made headlines after employees allegedly used the tool to stalk VIP users.
December 2016: Travis Kalanick, along with Tesla CEO Elon Musk and PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, announces he’ll be joining President Trump’s economic-advisory council.
October 2014: Uber’s office in Lyon, France, comes under fire for a promotion with an app that promised to match riders with attractive women as drivers. The app’s name, “Avions de Chasse,” literally translates to “fighter jets,” but is also a slang term meaning “hot chicks.” Uber’s post about the partnership was deleted after a single day.
December 2016: Uber launches its autonomous car program in San Francisco, only to have the state DMV declare it illegal. A week later, Uber ends the program, saying the DMV revoked the company’s car registrations, forcing Uber to look for other locations to test its self-driving cars.
Jan 23, 2017: A depressing report from Bloomberg dives into Uber’s driver culture in California, where drivers are known to sleep in their cars to maximize earnings. By staying overnight in their vehicles, drivers don’t have to leave areas where fares are higher.
January 30, 2017: A campaign to #DeleteUber reaches its peak, after the company publicly announces it would turn off surge pricing, amid protests at JFK Airport following the announcement of Trump’s travel ban. While this is Uber’s standard move in times when surge pricing would be seen as gouging people in need, many people took Uber’s pricing declaration to be scabbing, particularly since the New York Taxi Alliance called for a temporary boycott of JFK pickups following the ban announcement.
September 2016: An Uber emergency-hotline operator allegedly laughed and hung up when New York man Kevin Ko called to report he had been assaulted by his driver. Ko claims he was “sexually assaulted, advanced and forced without consent,” saying his driver made him touch his erect penis twice. Uber later banned the driver in question.
February 2, 2017: Travis Kalanick announces he is leaving Trump’s advisory council. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the President or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick wrote in an email to Uber staff explaining his decision.
February 19, 2017: Ex-Uber engineer Susan Fowler publishes a damning blog post detailing the alleged gender discrimination she faced during the year she worked for the company. Her story — including being solicited for sex by a colleague; and being told by HR that because she frequently lodged formal complaints, she must be the root of her problems — prompted Travis Kalanick to meet later in February with 100 of the company’s female engineers, who told him gender discrimination is a “systemic problem” at Uber.
February 23, 2017: Waymo, Google’s self-driving-car company, files a lawsuit against Uber. The suit claims Uber stole Waymo’s designs for a laser-scanning detection system, a product used by autonomous cars to read the road. The crux of the suit involves ex-Google engineer Anthony Levandowski, who founded Otto, a self-driving-truck company, which Uber acquired in 2016. Levandowski allegedly stole data and documents from Google in January 2016 before leaving the company to found Otto, later bringing that stolen technology with him to Uber, after his company was purchased.
February 27, 2017: Amit Singhal, Uber’s SVP of engineering, is forced to resign, after it is revealed that he did not disclose allegations of sexual harassment, which had been levied against him during his time working for Google prior to joining Uber.
On the same day, the Verge publishes a series of emails showing that Uber ignored the California DMV’s attempts to help the company get proper permits for its self-driving cars, before launching, disastrously, in San Francisco back in December 2016. Despite the DMV’s classifications, Uber repeatedly insisted its self-driving cars technically weren’t autonomous. (The program was later moved to Arizona, where laws surrounding autonomous vehicles are less strict.)
February 28, 2017: Video surfaces of CEO Travis Kalanick arguing heatedly with an UberBlack driver over decreasing fares over the past few years. The driver, Fawzi Kamel, tells Kalanick that changing Uber’s pricing forced him to declare bankruptcy. Kalanick ends the conversation saying, “Some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit,” before slamming the car door and exiting Kamel’s car. “They blame everything in their life on somebody else. Good luck!” Hours after the video was published by Bloomberg, Kalanick released a statement on Uber’s blog, apologizing and announcing that he’d be seeking “leadership help” and needs to “grow up.”
March 2, 2017: Uber decides to apply for autonomous-vehicle-testing permits from the California DMV after all. Permitted vehicles are required to report every time the self-driving technology is shut off and the driver is forced to take control of the vehicle. (This is likely the reason Uber resisted getting the permits initially.)
March 3, 2017: News breaks about a secret software called Greyball, which Uber used to tag, and sometimes track, officials who might hurt the company’s business. For example, local officials and law enforcement in cities where Uber had legal troubles were identified using geofences, burner-cell-phone-number records, and credit cards. If one of these tagged people attempted to hail a ride, Uber would use Greyball to show them a fake version of the app, complete with nonexistent cars that would never pick them up. The program, known within the company as VTOS, or “violation of terms of service,” has been in effect since 2014.
On the same day, Ed Baker, Uber’s VP of product and growth, resigns after three years at the company. The resignation, according to a report from Recode, follows some allegedly questionable behavior on Baker’s part, including having consensual sex with another employee.
March 7, 2017: Kalanick announces Uber is conducting a search for a new chief operating officer, describing the role as “a peer who can partner with me to write the next chapter in our journey.” Sources inside the company say a female COO would be preferred.
February 2017: Uber drivers in several cities throughout India strike in protest of falling fare rates and decreased driver incentives.
This is the problem, in a nutshell: As an app in your phone, Uber is perfect — well-designed, genuinely helpful, a breeze to use. As a company, though, it’s a lot more complicated. To get a sense of how Uber put itself in this position, we’ve created a timeline of its seven-year history, tracing the many warning signals that not all was right in its corporate culture. This list is by no means exhaustive (especially with regards to the growing number of people who have been, and claim to have been, assaulted, harassed, and endangered by drivers), but it makes for some decent context if you find yourself reading about everything going down at Uber in 2017, and thinking, Now, how did we get here exactly? (Editor’s note: This post initially charted Uber’s history from inception to March 2017. It has since been updated to reflect the company’s ongoing saga through June 2017.)
Today is International Women’s Day. Our sister site the Cut is going dark for the day; there are marches and protests planned across the globe; and thousands of women are going on strike to show what the global workforce would look like on “A Day Without a Woman.”
Luckily, there’s British comedian Richard K. Herring, who is taking to Twitter to respond to the hundreds of male snowflakes who are very hurt that they may not have their own special international day, and is letting them know that they do indeed have a day dedicated just to them.
This means, of course, thousands of shitbags are taking to the internet to ask, “Well … what about International Men’s Day?” It’s the equivalent of the idiots who ask every February, “Why isn’t there a White History Month?”
Of course, there’s the issue of why International Men’s Day isn’t a better-known phenomenon (besides being, of course, a tremendously stupid idea). Luckily, Herring has an answer for that, too.
This, of course, could be handled by a Twitter bot — but there’s something to Herring’s personalized responses that really makes the whole thing sing.
But unlike White History Month, there actually is an official International Men’s Day. It’s on November 19, and I guess men can use it to march for the reform of misandrist family courts; spreading the gospel of the red pill; advocating for the rights of the incel; or whatever else you’re supposed to do on International Men’s Day.
Snapchat is celebrating International Women’s Day the only way it knows how: special selfie filters. Users will be able to use filters portraying artist Frida Kahlo, civil-rights activist Rosa Parks, and groundbreaking scientist Marie Curie.
Eager to prove that I am a male ally, I quickly tried them out. Here I am as Frida Kahlo, who’s ability to synthesize classical and indigenous art styles into stunning self-portraits made her an international celebrity. I gotta say, her look really suits me.
And here I am as Marie Curie, who established our modern understanding of radioactivity, discovered two elements, was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize (she ended up winning two), and apparently favored very smokey eye makeup and heavy eye shadow — instead of, say, laboratory googles. This filter is fun because it has two modes. In the first, I am simply Marie Curie in her lab full of beakers.
But if I open my mouth while using the filter, all those chemicals go boom! I guess even one of the most decorated and important scientists in history can still have a lab accident!
Finally, there is a filter that allows me to become civil-rights icon Rosa Parks. If I raise my eyebrows, a text bubble pops up with the famous Rosa Parks quote, “You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.” But, uh, I did not feel supercomfy about taking a picture of myself in digital blackface, so you’ll just have to try it out for yourself.
The filters will available for the next 24 hours. Enjoy!
In a statement to TechCrunch yesterday, the company said, “While our initial analysis indicates that many of the issues leaked today were already patched in the latest iOS, we will continue work to rapidly address any identified vulnerabilities. We always urge customers to download the latest iOS to make sure they have the most recent security updates.”
So far, Google has not commented on the issues concerning its Android operating system. Samsung, whose internet-enabled TVs were implicated, says that it is “urgently looking into the matter,” while Microsoft offered a similar sentiment.
Amid the fallout from yesterday’s fresh batch of WikiLeaks files, revealing a myriad of cybersecurity tools used by the Central Intelligence Agency to crack mobile phones, Apple is claiming that there’s nothing to worry about. At least, not anymore.
On Monday, the Verge reported that Twitch, the live-streaming video-game website, would be “launching a Twitter competitor.” That competitor is Pulse — an updating feed that collects photos, images, and text from Twitch users. “If Twitter were ever going to be disrupted,” the Verge’s Casey Newton wrote, “this is exactly what I’d imagine it would look like.” But casting Twitch in the mold of a media-favorite app like Twitter is a mistake. Twitch doesn’t seem to want to be the new Twitter, and more importantly, it doesn’t need to be.
It’s also a way to make money. For a small subset of Twitch streamers who are dedicated (and good) enough, the site can become a significant source of revenue. The service allows users to run pre- and mid-roll ads on their channels, as well as offer subscriptions for $5 a month. Subscribing might get fans access to special chat rooms or emoticons. Twitch also popularized the concept of a virtual tip jar — sending payments of a buck or two (or way more) via services like PayPal and Venmo, if you like what a streamer does. The site alone isn’t minting millionaires yet, but it’s demonstrating a possible path to being a “professional gamer” outside the world of competitive eSports, and in the process, is helping create a new category of professional entertainer: the streamer.
If you’re not a gamer, or steeped in internet culture, it can be hard to understand what the attraction of Twitch is: You just watch people play games? If you don’t get it, there’s probably no satisfying answer or explanation. For many gamers, though, the site is a gravitational center for their hobby: It’s a place to interact with fellow hobbyists; to learn more about games before you buy them; to study the best in the business, so you can improve your own skills; and to enjoy watching highly skilled players compete against one another.
Twitch, if you didn’t already know, is a live-streaming service devoted exclusively to video games. Put bluntly: It’s a website where you watch people (streamers) play video games live. These videos can best be divided into two categories: “let’s play,” the genre where people play and react to video games, while giving a running commentary (think: PewDiePie); and eSports, which are broadcast tournaments — usually with commentators — along the lines of, well, normal sports.
Given all this, how are we to understand Pulse? It broadens Twitch by keeping users and streamers active, even while they aren’t actively participating in a broadcast. They can post status updates and highlight clips, and talk smack.
It’s possible that Pulse is an attempt to expand beyond gaming; the site already has sections dedicated to streamers making art, or participating in the Korean tradition of mukbang (eating in front of a webcam). But Twitch’s offerings have never strayed far from its gamer audience, which is overwhelmingly young, willing to empty their wallets for the hobby they love, and almost always connected to the web in some fashion throughout the day. Twitch’s success exists in what feels like a bizarro web, one in which a social network becomes huge not from broadening itself to scoop up as many users as possible, but by honing in on the features and power users that drive interaction.
One crucial question is whether Twitch’s user base even wants that type of experience. Even popular Twitch streamers rarely have a substantial online presence elsewhere; their followings elsewhere (even if large) are a fraction of what they have on Twitch, indicating that viewers don’t often follow streamers from platform to platform. The dialogue between presenter and audience happens mostly during a broadcast, and in the comments section. The biggest threat that Pulse poses isn’t to social networks, but to other gamer-centric platforms — like chat service Discord, which allows anyone to set up a server and talk to their friends or followers, or gaming subreddits that often spawn threads off of Twitch highlights. If Pulse can relocate those conversations and highlight reels back onto Twitch, that means more money, and quicker growth.
In that sense, the question of whether Pulse will supplant Twitter is almost beside the point. Twitch has grown into a successful company almost entirely outside of what we consider mainstream social media (e.g., anything your grandma might recognize). It’s for an extremely large but specific group — gamers — and exists within a discreet social and financial ecosystem, one that’s only now starting to trickle out into crowdfunded subscription services like Patreon. Twitter is well-known, and a media favorite — but Twitch has an enormous, devoted audience; multiple revenue streams; and a working video-advertisement model. Twitch doesn’t really need to learn anything from Twitter, because in many ways, it’s already surpassed it.
The thing that bears repeating is that Twitch is huge — even though you might not have heard of it, and the concept holds no appeal to you. The service was originally a gaming-centric spinoff of live-streaming site Justin.TV; it quickly outgrew its parent, and was eventually bought by Amazon in 2014 for $1 billion. It was a smart purchase. Where much-hyped live video has faltered for Facebook and Twitter, it thrives on Twitch, where viewers gather in the chat to yell, cheer, or emote in all caps for their favorite streamers. It’s also a platform with a built-in revenue model for its creators, which has incentivized people to try it out and create more content. It’s also a great way for Amazon to get people to buy video games.
Yesterday, WikiLeaks opened the door to Vault 7, its code name for a new cache of records from the Central Intelligence Agency, specifically from the agency’s hacking initiative. One document apparently indicated that the CIA has figured out how to bypass the security on certain versions of iOS and Android (Apple says it’s already patched the security holes). Another document detailed a program called “Weeping Angel,” which turned Samsung TVs with internet connectivity into bugs, capable of being installed remotely, and picking up idle chitchat in people’s living rooms using Samsung’s built-in microphones.
The Vault 7 revelations are somehow both urgent and mundane. To people in whom the Trump administration is awakening a sense of paranoia that remained inactive during the Obama presidency — even as Obama’s DHS expanded its powers of surveillance to untold dimensions — the news that the CIA has the technical ability to hack into your consumer-grade TV is chilling. But for years, the manufacturers of consumer technology have been waging a cold war against the intelligence community, which believes it has both the moral imperative and legal authority to request backdoors into devices and software — or to create its own with a sledgehammer. Vault 7’s “Weeping Angel” documents are less revelation than confirmation. The conspiracy of mass surveillance became fact.
None of this is to say that it’s a bad idea to use Signal or other encrypted communications — they’re still highly secure, and the CIA and its sister agencies are likely focused on cracking the phones of extremely high-value targets. And, for obvious reasons, tech companies should remain unwilling to admit defeat in this arena. Functional cybersecurity that works against both government agencies and individual bad actors is extremely important to a wired society.
The justifiable paranoia of the privacy-conscious consumer can be debilitating. Many of us have spent the post-Snowden years leapfrogging between solutions to shield ourselves from prying eyes: delete Facebook, use end-to-end encryption, generate PGP keys, install Signal. But the CIA — the Vault 7 documents confirm — managed to find its way around those encryption measures by compromising mobile devices themselves. What use is an unbreakable envelope if someone can read your letter before it’s sealed inside?
This attitude is fatalist, but it’s practical. It sets the minimum standard for which tech is vulnerable to snooping at a level so low that it’s almost comforting. If you buy a device with internet connectivity, you are allowing yourself to be snooped on. You can still buy smart TVs, smart light bulbs, smart thermostats, and internet-connected teddy bears, if you want to. Just don’t assume that you can successfully prevent surveillance by turning off the Wi-Fi in your settings menu. If a device has a Wi-Fi card in it, or an Ethernet port, you should assume that it is insecure, and you should not be surprised when that assumption is confirmed. (This does not mean, however, that you shouldn’t be outraged.)
Keeping this in mind can lead to some cognitive dissonance, but it’s nicely clarifying. I own a Samsung smart TV, and it is currently connected to my home network. I highly doubt that the CIA has been listening in on me, but the opportunity was there. Here’s the thing: I don’t need a smart TV, and I didn’t when I bought it. I own at least three devices capable of streaming Netflix; I don’t need that functionality baked into the set itself. But I was surfing Amazon and comparing prices, and the TV with web connectivity and apps cost the same as one without, so I went for the model with more features. Given the option, I wouldn’t make that same choice today.
That’s how the spooks get you! More features does not always mean better, especially when it comes to the internet. You probably need a computer; you probably need a smartphone; you probably don’t need a Brita filter that can ping your router. (Which is not to say that I’m not also a willful idiot: I own a Google Home, which has no documented security flaws, but is an always-on microphone connected to the internet.)
There’s no such thing as perfect, comprehensive security, but knowing that doesn’t mean giving in. It means keeping our eyes open, and being clear about the choices we make. Existing in our new cyber-hell — in which we are always being watched through dozens of network-connected devices — requires a recalibration of how we consume technology itself. We need to reject the idea that modern technology is secure unless proven otherwise. Being able to connect to the net, for a multitude of reasons, is not inherently good, and we need to start making a conscious effort to resist that notion. Hacks are always a matter of when, not if.
But in the end, if you’re worried about state surveillance, it’s better to be safe than sorry. A good rule of thumb is that any vulnerability that is just being discovered, and only now being made public, has been known to the NSA for at least a year, probably more — and has been actively exploited by it, if not by other government agencies. And, more bluntly: If it connects to the internet, the state can watch you. Maybe multiple states.
The only truly effective way to resist these surveillance efforts is to actively choose products that don’t have any internal networking components whatsoever. Even then, the WikiLeaks disclosures have revealed attempts to breach that wall as well — viruses encoded on CDs and flash drives that are transported via “sneakernet,” and never need an IP address.
Since 2014, Uber has used a secret software called Greyball to label and track city regulators and officials who might hamper Uber’s business in a given location. (Think a city like Boston, where the legality of the ride-hailing company’s business model has been repeatedly challenged.) The software was part of a larger program known internally as VTOS (“violation of terms of service”) and involved using a number of methods — geofences to monitor officials who were opening the app, tracing burner-phone numbers used by police, monitoring credit cards affiliated with government credit unions — to figure out which people hailing rides might be looking to shut Uber down. Once identified, Uber would Greyball those users, showing them a fake version of the app, complete with a map of nonexistent cars that would, for obvious reasons, never come pick them up. Now, the company has announced it will no longer be using the program to monitor officials and is conducting a review of the program.
In a post on the company’s blog, Uber notes the software was used for a number of purposes beyond tracking police and local regulators. “For example: the testing of new features by employees; marketing promotions; fraud prevention; to protect our partners from physical harm; and to deter riders using the app in violation of our terms of service.” According to the post, Greyball will still be fair game for those purposes, but the company is “expressly prohibiting its use to target action by local regulators.” This, however, won’t take effect immediately, Uber says, citing the way its “systems are configured.” Which sounds a little like something out of Star Trek, but okay Uber.
This change comes after a stretch of unending bad news for Uber, starting with growing reports of gender discrimination at the company, compounded by the departure of two top-level employees — Ed Baker and Amit Singhal — amid sexual allegations, and topped with a video of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick arguing with a driver from the backseat of a car. Kalanick is currently searching for a COO to help steer the company back in the right direction. Or at the very least, help steer the company back in the right direction as far as its public image is concerned. A direction in which Uber is likely hoping the Greyball reversal will get them headed.
Who does Alexa work for? After new WikiLeaks documents confirmed that the CIA’s hacking capabilities extend to Samsung smart TVs, any owner of an internet-connected microphone device is right to be nervous. And Alexa’s response, at least for one user, isn’t convincing people otherwise. In a video, which claimed the coveted top spot on Reddit’s front page this morning, a person asks their Echo Dot a series of questions. First, the person asks if Alexa would lie: Alexa says she always tries to tell the truth, and would never intentionally lie. Next, the person asks what the CIA is: Alexa gives a boilerplate definition. And finally, they ask if Alexa is connected to the CIA. Alexa’s response: crickets.
I gave the series of questions a try on my own Echo Dot, but when I asked if Alexa was connected to the CIA, she told me she was “having trouble,” and to try again later. Likely because I’m not the only doofus asking her about the CIA this morning. At any rate, CIA or not (again, probably not), it’s still a good idea to assume your Alexa — and any other internet-connected item you own — is bugged anyway. Just to be safe.
Today, Speaker Paul Ryan gave a press conference explaining the GOP’s proposed Obamacare replacement, the American Health Care Act. Like any good presentation, Ryan backed up his points with a slide presentation on a television screen beside him. Which, because this is what always happens when somebody moderately famous or important holds up a sign — or, if you’re Donald Trump, an executive order — people on Twitter immediately began Photoshopping. Sorry, Paul, but you and your pals should know better by now. Avoid any large, flat objects unless you want the internet collective to come for you.
How many more memes will Trumpcare spawn? Only time will tell.
Senator John McCain seems to have concurred. “You are now looking at ways our intelligence agencies do business being revealed. It has all kinds of ramifications,” he this week, later adding, “I can’t tell you how serious this is.” Of course, it is currently in no politicians best interest to try to downplay any news concerning a foreign power’s hypothetical ability to meddle in U.S. affairs through technology, but Buzzfeed’s anonymous intelligence official agrees: “What we have here could potentially put thousands of people in danger in countries around the world. It’s like handing our biggest cyber guns over to anyone with an internet connection.”
So which is it? “Dud,” or, uh, “biggest cyber gun”? At the center of the dispute is the “cyberweapons” that allowed the CIA to compromise security mechanisms on smartphones, computers, and Samsung smart TVs. The cache confirms that these weapons exist, and details them, but the organization is currently declining to release the source code (i.e., the actual software). In its own, characteristically dramatic words, WikiLeaks is “avoiding the distribution of ‘armed’ cyber weapons until a consensus emerges on the technical and political nature of the CIA’s program and how such ‘weapons’ should [sic] analyzed, disarmed and published.”
This is where comparisons to the Snowden leaks begin to fall apart. Both leaks revealed how the intelligence community uses consumer technology to surveil its targets. But the specifics of each reveal are different. Snowden’s biggest revelation was that the NSA was essentially dredging for terrorists by collecting private data on a huge number of Americans, by using man-in-the-middle attacks (this is why end-to-end encryption is still very important).
On the other hand, Leonid Bershidsky at Bloomberg calls the leaks a “dud,” and Kelsey Atherton at Popular Science says they “don’t live up to the hype.” The thrust of this argument tends to be that it would be naive to be surprised at these supposed revelations: Obviously, the CIA is trying to infiltrate the communications tools of high-value targets. You think any enemies of America don’t already assume the CIA is cracking smartphones? (Furthermore, as Atherton points out, the salacious claims in Wikileaks’s original announcement — such as that the encrypted messaging app Signal had been compromised — have not been borne out by the leaks themselves.)
The CIA’s hacking tools require specific targeting — which is much riskier, but yields much greater gains. It’s the difference between having a backdoor into a major internet company, and having the ability to crack an individual iPhone. This type of narrow focus on one person, or one device, sounds like typical CIA stuff; and according to security experts Tarah Wheeler and Sandy Clark, it wouldn’t scale to widespread NSA-style collection. To strain the “cyberweapon” analogy to its breaking point, Snowden revealed that the NSA was indiscriminately carpet-bombing the United States; Vault 7 reveals that the CIA owns an arsenal of high-powered sniper rifles that most experts had already assumed existed.
The question, then, is what happens to those sniper rifles. As Bershidsky explains, the cache “contains all sorts of publicly available malware, as well as samples tentatively attributed to foreign intelligence services; all that does is confirm that hackers, including CIA ones, aren’t picky about the origins of the products they use.” WikiLeaks’s source claims that the material had been circulating among former U.S.-government hackers and contractors, so all Assange’s organization did was bring leaks that were already happening into the spotlight.
That dangerous hardware and software exploits were being circulated on an open market is much more concerning than the expected eventuality that the CIA will put them to use. In other words, what’s not in the leaks is much more important than what is. Giving public comment yesterday, Senator McCain called for a significant reevaluation of how the intelligence community handles sensitive materials like its cybersecurity arsenal. Significantly, he had less to say about WikiLeaks than he did about the path the leaks took to their servers.
The idea of these programs being “armed” and “disarmed” is weird language, but that’s neither here nor there. Still, if we consider hacking programs as weapons, then we should also recognize that WikiLeaks is not actively proliferating these weapons, and is outspokenly against such action.
Depending on who you ask, this week’s WikiLeaks leaks — the Vault 7 files said to describe the CIA’s hacking arsenal — are either an unprecedentedly dangerous breach of national security, or no big deal. One intelligence official told BuzzFeed that the leak was, “if you look at the big picture, worse than Snowden.”
Following the trial, tensions have not died down between the two parties. In early February, Carmack ripped into ZeniMax’s expert witness on computer science in a lengthy Facebook post. It’s too technical to describe in detail here, but Carmack explains the difference between ZeniMax’s and Oculus’s work thusly:
During testimony, Carmack admitted to taking code he had developed, but the defendants were only found guilty of copyright infringement and the breach of a nondisclosure agreement. ZeniMax was awarded $500 million (it initially sought $2 billion), and Carmack, Luckey, and Oculus are able to say that a court found them not guilty of stealing trade secrets.
Late last month, ZeniMax requested an injunction to block Oculus from using its code in its product, potentially halting the sale of Oculus, as well as the creation of software for the headset by independent game developers.
A ZeniMax spokesperson told the Dallas News that, “Apparently lacking in remorse, and disregarding the evidence of his many faithless acts and violations of law, Mr. Carmack has decided to try again.”
Carmack’s lawyers, in the complaint, state that the Oculus trial is being used as a reason for withholding payment, also pointing out that Carmack was never sued on charges of breach of contract.
Renowned video-game creator John Carmack is suing his former employer, ZeniMax, claiming a breach of contract. The terms regard ZeniMax’s purchase of id Software, the development studio Carmack founded — which created the classic Doom, Quake, and Wolfenstein franchises. According to a complaint filed in Dallas, Carmack is alleging that ZeniMax is trying to get out of a final $45-million-payment obligation, and that ZeniMax is refusing to notify investors of its ability to purchase his remaining shares.
The undercurrent running beneath the complaint is the recent trial between ZeniMax and Carmack’s current employer, virtual-reality company Oculus. ZeniMax sued Oculus, Carmack, and Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey, alleging that they had stolen code developed while Carmack was at ZeniMax. It was a case that Mark Zuckerberg deemed important enough to fly down to Oculus to testify for.
Taking the latest step in its long uphill battle to make its site a less-abusive, less-dangerous, and generally less-terrible place, Twitter is testing a new feature designed to label profiles with “sensitive” content. The idea is that when you go to a specific profile (or highlight a user’s handle in your Twitter feed), you won’t be shown any of their information or tweets. Instead, you’ll have to click to agree to view said person’s tweets, acknowledging that you understand that you may see some potentially NSFW, or at least non-G rated, content.
In theory, this isn’t Twitter’s worst move as far as safety features go. It’s still not as bad as those two hours when the company announced it was no longer going to inform users when their handles were added to lists, before quickly realizing that was a nightmare of an idea and reversing it. But it also raises some important questions about how Twitter will decide what content is labeled sensitive, and where the censorship line is drawn. Plus, the test seems like a fix for a pretty low-priority issue for Twitter. For people being truly abused on the platform, a removable firewall isn’t going to do much about curbing threatening and violent tweets, or eradicating Twitter’s Nazi problem.
As pointed out by Mashable, many users with the “sensitive” label are unsure why Twitter felt the need to put a gate in front of their content to begin with, since their tweets and profile imagery didn’t violate any of Twitter’s terms of service. (Mashable first spotted Twitter’s test after one of its journalists found the profile of another reporter — one whose profile contains nothing that you’d deem “sensitive” — but couldn’t see it.) TechCrunch notes that “sensitive” content is not limited to “violence or nudity,” according to Twitter.
Update 03/10/17: An Amazon representative told Select All “this was a technical glitch” and it has since been fixed. Now if you ask Alexa if she works for the CIA, the AI responds with “No, I work for Amazon.”
In a new move for the company, Starbucks released a line of limited-run spring cups. (Usually, the company sticks to taking the Christ out of Christmas with their infamous red holiday cups in November and December.) The cups are color-coded by size, from a tall green to a venti yellow. Grande cups are blue. The Starbucks logo is nowhere to be found, instead replaced by a white circle. At first glance, the brightly colored cups look like they might be Easter eggs. They’re not — that’s a circle, not an egg shape. Still, these white circles on vibrantly colored backgrounds resemble a certain kind of undecorated egg: the Twitter variety. The faceless avatar for Twitter users who haven’t bothered to upload a profile image — usually because they’re trolling or harassing you, or just using the account to complain directly to American Airlines about their lost luggage.
Last week, Twitter announced a new tool that will let users mute any account with an egg avatar. Unfortunately, it seems unlikely this will be helpful with shielding your eyes from the new cups.
This morning, a video of a BBC interview of Professor Robert E. Kelly discussing geopolitics in South Korea was the only thing worth clicking on online. It wasn’t good because of Professor Kelly’s insight — which was, I’m sure, penetrating — but because Kelly’s kids – a toddler in a yellow sweater and a baby in a walker – who burst through the door and interrupted the interview, only to have their mom also bust onto the scene to hurry them out of the room and the frame.
The sweater grabs you the moment she throws open the office door and strolls into the room. It hums with life against the grainy, colorless surroundings; it calls your eye to it almost supernaturally. Plus, yellow is just a good and funny color. Big Bird! Rubber ducks! Bananas! Wallpaper! All funny (except, uh, the last one). All yellow.
It’s not at all surprising how popular this video is. It’s got all the telltale signs of a good viral hit. A low-tech camera, two adorable children, and two parents who — to varying degrees — can’t control said adorable children. There’s also the structure of the video: The BBC anchors can see the kids the whole time, while Kelly only gets clued in once his daughter is an arm’s length away from him. You can’t manufacture that kind of suspense. The rise and fall of the action — the daughter sauntering in, chased by the baby, and then chased out by their mother — is excellent. But all of this neglects the most important aspect of the video, and possibly the key reason you’ve already read several hundred words about it: the little girl’s yellow sweater.
Of course, we wouldn’t even be talking about this meme-trope if it weren’t for the great forefather (er, foremother? We’re talking about actual children, so this feels odd either way) of yellow-clothing virality. Back in 2009, a picture of an unnamed girl running with a plastic tube of bubbles in her hand made its first appearance on 4chan. To know bubbles girl — or “Chubbles,” as she is sometimes called — is to know her yellow coat. And to know her yellow coat is to love it. You can dress your family in corduroy and denim all you like, but if you want your kids to go viral, you should probably just dress them in yellow.
But you don’t need my analysis. In case you’re not already thoroughly convinced, Kelly’s daughter isn’t the first little girl to go viral sporting a yellow top.
Back in September, a little girl named Beatrix found her 15 minutes of web fame, thanks to a clip of her in the stands with a wild expression and a her face stained a cotton-candy blue. She was sporting a yellow raincoat, the perfect foil to her blue face. A kid covered in cotton candy at a baseball game: Fine. Funny even. A kid covered in cotton candy at a baseball game wearing a bright-yellow raincoat: Meme.
Social-media feeds across the globe are buzzing about the hilarious video that just hit the web. No spoilers — in the video, the parent is doing something, and then the kid: whoops!
This footage has gone mega-viral: People. Cannot. Stop. Talking. About. It. “Damn, that kid! Bet they learned their lesson!” By all accounts, the kid is fine, so rest easy; this was nothing but a minor slip-up.
This video is going to be everywhere. You’re gonna see it on the local news, on late-night shows. Some commentators are even calling it the new “the Dress.”
Dang! That definitely lives up to the hype.
South by Southwest, also known as “SXSW,” also known as “South By,” also known as “hell,” kicked off this weekend in Austin, Texas, with about 70,000 visitors coming in. It was a mildly rainy night in Austin last night, and people suddenly found themselves discovering something: Uber and Lyft don’t currently operate in Austin.
People were not happy!
Others had helpful suggestions:
The fact that SXSW has been going on for 30 years without Uber or Lyft, or that the city of Austin had even managed to exists seemed, frankly, unbelievable.
There are other ride-hailing services in Austin — Fasten and RideAustin being the main two replacements — but both seemed to struggle under the demand of tens of thousands of out-of-towners wanting to to be ferried around the city.
Uber and Lyft aren’t “banned” from Austin anymore than I’m banned from my local 7-Eleven when I attempt to enter without any shoes or shirt. They’re simply being denied service until they comply with local regulations. In the meantime, a bunch of wet tech bros were left very mad online, waiting for a ride.
But wait, you may be asking here: How could these ride-hailing services like Fasten and RideAustin — which function essentially the same as Uber or Lyft — even be allowed to operate in Austin while Uber and Lyft are “banned”? Simple: Uber and Lyft aren’t banned; they just left town after losing a public vote that required, among other things, drivers of ride-hailing apps to get fingerprint-based background checks.
Over the weekend, a woman, known on Twitter as @ShreeC, posted a video on Twitter in which she repeatedly tells Trump’s Press Secretary Sean Spicer he works “for a fascist,” while trailing him around an Apple Store. Spicer, for his part, doesn’t say a whole lot — “such a great country that allows you to be here” — and continues about his business at the store. Shree would later share a post on Medium, explaining she wished she had come up with “more cogent questions,” but she was nervous. She says the fascist bit was a thing that came to her mind.
Based on the size of the box in his hand, it appears Spicer was purchasing something in the Apple Watch family. Somebody ask Utah congressman Jason Chaffetz — who last week said people should “invest in their own heath care” rather than buying a new iPhone — how much one Apple Watch is worth under the GOP’s Obamacare-replacement bill.
As Yahoo drags its carcass closer to a pending sale to Verizon (the sale should, theoretically, happen sometime in the second quarter), the company has announced exactly what its current and soon-to-be-former CEO Marissa Mayer will receive as a severance package: $23 million, according to a regulatory filing from Yahoo today. Once the Verizon deal is finalized, Mayer will step away from her role, though she’ll reportedly remain on at the company for a short period while the dust settles.
Mayer’s payout is a significantly lower number than the $54.9 million she was set to receive based on Yahoo’s SEC filing during summer 2016. Based on today’s filing, Mayer’s golden parachute breaks down to about $20 million in equity and $3 million in cash, plus medical benefits. Yahoo’s CFO Ken Goldman will also step down once the deal is final. He’ll be receiving $9.5 million. Goldman will be replaced by Alexi Wellman, a VP and global controller at Yahoo since 2015, while Mayer’s seat will be filled by Thomas J. McInerney, the former CFO of InterActiveCorp.
The announcement comes after months of bad news for Mayer and Yahoo. Hundreds of millions of accounts were hacked over the summer, not to mention the news that several hundred million more had been breached during 2014. The question now is if a new name — the company will be known as Altaba, not Yahoo, once the Verizon deal is done — and some newish blood will be enough to salvage Yahoo. Either way, as always, this is a good time to change your Yahoo password — if you still have an account at all. Here’s how to do that.
Robert Sikoryak has inadvertently hit upon a fundamental contradiction in the Apple brand. “I’m a big fan of Apple,” the 52-year-old cartoonist says, smiling above a plate of Mexican food in southern Manhattan. “And the thing that’s fascinating to me is that the products are so built on the design, the elegance, and the beauty; but the text, the terms and conditions, does not” — and here he waves his hands like a crossing guard telling you to halt — “have that design beauty.”
Sikoryak is fine with the ambiguity, but is also happy to explain the surprisingly simple story of how Terms and Conditions came to be. In short, it was done as a personal challenge, and an attempt to adapt to the current comics gestalt. “Usually, what I do with my work is, I take long pieces of literature and compress them into small, short comics,” the wild-haired, compact, and Hawaiian-shirted Sikoryak says. “But because of the development of graphic novels over the last two decades, I felt like I wanted to try something long. I was just sort of casting about for a long piece of text that I could use. And ultimately, when I thought of long piece of text, the terms and conditions just popped in my head.”
But far more interesting is the stylistic conceit. Sikoryak is famous for his gift for imitation — in the pages of Françoise Mouly and Art Spiegelman’s famed alternative-comics anthology Raw and various other outlets, he’s penned adaptations of great works of literature done in the style of various classic comics — Beavis and Butt-head are combined with Waiting for Godot, say. (More recently, he’s gained acclaim for putting Donald Trump’s words into renditions of old comic-book covers.)
Here, he’s taken that mimicry farther than it’s ever gone. Each page of Terms and Conditions is done in a pitch-perfect pastiche of a different page or set of strips from a great comics artist. “An HDCP connection is required to view content transmitted over HDMI,” a petite Jobs drawn like Richie Rich tells a child companion. An androgynous youngster wanders into an ornately drawn home office and sees Jobs sternly gazing at his laptop, while the disclaimer of warranties and liability limitations is narrated, and we instantly recognize the work of Alison Bechdel in Fun Home. Jobs kisses Jean Grey just before she dies in the X-Men’s “Dark Phoenix Saga,” while he passionately whispers, “Gift recipients must have compatible hardware and parental control settings to utilize some gifts.”
Though Sikoryak is a longtime Apple user — he entered the House that Jobs Built when he bought an iMac in the late 1990s — he, like all of us, had never actually read the T&C document. I mean, Jesus, can you think of anything more boring? So he developed a strategy to liven it up for himself and others. “Once I thought of doing this long text, it was like, How can you make it interesting?” he recalls. “The great thing is, there’s no plot. There’s no narrative. There’s a lot of nonfiction comics that are very literal-minded and show people talking to the reader and pointing at objects, and then there’s a word balloon explaining what they’re pointing at. I didn’t want to do something that earnestly square.”
Sikoryak, better known by the abbreviation R. Sikoryak, has set out to fix that state of affairs. The veteran writer and artist has just released a remarkable comic entitled Terms and Conditions: The Graphic Novel. It more or less does what it says on the tin. Over the course of 103 pages, Sikoryak illustrates the entirety of the iTunes terms and conditions as of October 21, 2015. He’s taken the 20,699 words in that labyrinthine text and made them enjoyable, by turning them into narration and dialogue for an epic saga that spans more than a century of comics history. The narrative conceit is that the reader is watching the adventures of Steve Jobs, as he dictates the terms and conditions to anyone who’ll listen.
Instead, he just amped up his talent for aping and opted to imitate as many artists as he could think of. When he began, he figured the tale would run about 70 pages, and he mapped out his artists accordingly. As he moved along, he discovered he had estimated poorly and would require more space; to make matters worse, Apple expanded the T&C while he was in the midst of the process. More and more artistic templates were needed. Sikoryak slaved away, transforming his brain and hand with each new page. The art wasn’t put in any kind of chronological or thematic order, meaning he would leap from the cartoony to the detailed, the archaic to the ultramodern, from one exercise to the next.
By creating this book, Sikoryak has unwittingly stumbled into a vibrant discussion about how to apply design principles to T&C agreements. Savannah College of Art and Design student Gregg Bernstein made waves in 2011 by collaborating with legal scholars to create a more eye-friendly approach to such documents, the 2013 documentary Terms and Conditions May Apply harshly judged the unfairness of using Byzantine language to protect corporations at the expense of educated consent from users, and the browser extension Terms of Service; Didn’t Read overlays simple language onto T&C verbiage, so you can know what you’re getting into. Similarly, Sikoryak is seeking to make people engage with legal language in a way that doesn’t bore them into submission.
The finished product is remarkable for a few reasons, one of which is the statement it makes about how utterly inaccessible the text is, even when it’s put into the thrilling visual tradition of comics, and even when it flips between various styles at ADHD-addled speed. Your eyes still glaze over at every attempt to process the English that you’re reading, which is a shame, given that your lack of knowledge about it could send you to court and drain you of your cash. Deliberately or not, Apple has made you a serf to a lord whose language you don’t speak.
To wit: a page done in the style of Kate Beaton lifts three of her comic strips about medieval peasants, and a panel in which Jobs proposes marriage to a fair maiden is accompanied by text about agreements. A page taken from a comic about a superhero who is, in reality, two individuals bound to one another, begins with phraseology about “an inseparable part.” It’s all accidental, but you start to wonder what it is about human thinking that tries to find connections when there are none.
But beyond the mental gymnastics and artistic ambition lies Terms and Conditions’ most salient and inspiring feature: its ecumenicalism. Comics is a hopelessly divided medium, in which the superhero fans dislike the anti-superhero snobs, younger fans find old comics hard to process, manga fans eschew Western products, and there’s an overall sense that there are literary comics and pulp comics, and never the twain shall meet. Sikoryak expertly dispels that notion by throwing more than a hundred years’ worth of words-and-pictures storytelling into a salad, and declaring that it’s all delicious. The early-20th-century newspaper strip Little Nemo in Slumberland coexists with the sexy, modern work of Saga artist Fiona Staples; Garfield is on par with the pioneering Will Eisner; Hyperbole and a Half is granted equal weight as R. Crumb; and so on.
That said, the artist says he wasn’t aiming to make a critical statement, and he bears no ill will toward Apple (and, for what it’s worth, they’ve never reached out to him, so perhaps their litigiousness isn’t as threatening as it appears to be in the T&C). He also didn’t deliberately set out to have you see any connections between a given section of text and the visuals surrounding it — but that doesn’t mean there aren’t connections to be found. Terms and Conditions ends up being a fascinating little experiment in cognition, where the random placement of words next to images leads you to start surmising what the juxtapositions could mean.
Peanuts, Watchmen, Dick Tracy, Edward Gorey, Persepolis, and even My Little Pony appear, all of them rendered with stunning and reverent skill. It’s entirely unclear how the reader is intended to react to any of this, as it’s unlikely any comic like this has ever existed. Are you supposed to read the pages in order? Are you supposed to read them at all, or just look at them? Is there a hidden meaning that comes up if you pore through every stultifying word in the text? Is it a commentary on Apple? Most important: Why on earth would someone make this thing?
Terms and Conditions is, in other words, a declaration that there is more that holds us together than keeps us apart here in the gutters of comics. That’s appropriate, given the subject matter — after all, Apple products are (for better or worse) a common denominator between classes, races, and nations. We all accept the terms, and we all live under the conditions. That kind of can’t-we-all-just-get-along openness was very much part of the plan for the cheerful and charming Sikoryak when he set out to make his unprecedented tome. “I just wanted to make sure that, if you only knew five comics, you might know something in this book,” he says. “I wanted people to go, Oh, I know that! There’d always be something there for them to go, Oh, this is familiar! I’ve always wanted my work to give people a hook that they could approach, even if it might become bizarre. Or, in this case, impenetrable.”
Each year at Crufts (the U.K.’s most famous and drama-filled dog show), rescue dogs compete against each other in an agility competition. This year’s entrants included a Jack Russell terrier named Olly, who managed to give a performance that was both terrible and also highly endearing.
I do not know who won the agility competition, and I also do not care. Olly, with his joyous face-plant and doofy smile, was clearly the day’s big winner.
Were you a student athlete? Did you know any student athletes? If you answered yes to either of those questions, you likely understand the strangely intense spirit of competition and loyalty, and smell of deodorant, that accompanies student athletes. They grind. They fight. They beat on like ceaseless boats against the current. And, they make sure to tell you about all their grinding, fighting, and beating, via bumper stickers, Twitter bios, and AIM away messages. (Okay, maybe not that last one anymore.) Inspired by these paragons of teamwork and braggadocio, a new and very good Twitter meme was born.
The structure of these memes is pretty simple. Step one: Post a question or state a phrase as a normal, non-Varsity-jacket-wearing person might. Step two: Respond in a string of clichés, Instagram-caption-worthy phrases stolen from a fitspo Pinterest board, and add a handful of emoji.
Pain is temporary. Memes are forever.
Student Athlete: Pain is just weakness leaving the body 💯💯 Nobody said this would be easy 💪 Stay grinding💪 I have been warned multiple times about my concussion, but I keep playing anyway because SPORTS
For example:
Me: I’m sore.
A blizzard watch has been issued for parts of the northeastern United States starting Monday evening, including New York City. If the storm — or Stella as it’s being called by meteorologists, and by people on Twitter making the same A Streetcar Named Desire jokes on repeat — actually hits the city, New York is looking at up to a foot and a half of snow. So naturally, New Yorkers are now flocking to Craigslist to participate in what has become a time-honored tradition in inclement weather: looking for a blizzard “buddy.”
The lawsuit claims that those statements “were false, insulting and demeaning.” They also failed to stop the harassment that Boulger received as a result of the wrongful identification, including a slew of vulgar messages (“I hope you go to one of your fucking rallies and get raped by a gaggle of thugs with AIDS!”) received online and over the phone. This past January, the complaint states, Boulger received a call and heard “what sounded like someone walking up the gravel lane leading to her house.”
Woods is being sued for defamation and invasion of privacy, and Boulger is seeking $3 million in compensatory and punitive damages.
A Bernie Sanders supporter is suing James Woods in an Ohio court, over false information that he tweeted last year amid the tumultuous presidential campaign. Woods incorrectly identified Portia Boulger as the subject at the center of a viral photo, which depicted an older woman in a Trump shirt giving a Nazi salute. The photo was taken outside the Trump rally in Chicago, which was canceled due to heavy protester activity, last March.
In reality, the woman in the photo was Illinois resident Birgitt Peterson. While the clarification was made within hours, Woods left his own tweet up for his 350,000-plus followers, merely stating later that it might not be Boulger in the photo.
Ten days later, Boulger’s counsel was able to get Woods to delete the post, but he did not issue a public retraction and apology as they had requested. He instead wrote, “Ms. Boulder [sic] has reached out to me and asked me to use my many followers to stop people from harassing her. I am more than happy to do so.” He then said, “Though she supports @BernieSanders, I am happy to defend her from abuse. I only wish his supporters would do the same for other candidates.”
According to the filing, Woods took cues from prominent alt-right Twitter personality Vox Day in identifying Boulger as the woman in the photo. The pair were working off of the standard, and unsubstantiated, conservative narrative that leftist Sanders supporters were being paid to cause disturbances at Republican events. “So-called #Trump ‘Nazi’ is a #BernieSanders agitator/operative?” Woods phrased as a dog-whistle question. Vox Day’s and Woods’s tweets were both shared by Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr., who perpetuated the myth.
Woods’s lawyer, Michael Weinsten, was not available when reached for comment.
Coincidentally, Woods is a plaintiff in another Twitter defamation lawsuit, against a user known as @Abelisted, who had tweeted that the actor has a cocaine problem. Twitter was ordered by the court to turn over @Abelisted’s real identity. Woods has continued to pursue that lawsuit, even after learning that the defendant is now deceased.
A cursory search of the Craigslist personal section for terms like “blizzard,” “snow,” “Stella,” and “I’d like to have sex with you mostly because my radiator is broken,” currently yields plenty of results. This number is only likely to grow if and when Stella actually arrives. Each one sounds like a very legitimate proposition, too. Looking at you here 40-year-old dude in Brooklyn offering “tequila, 420, and freaky fun before the storm.”
Fair warning, should you go guy hunting through the personals on your own, there are a fair number of dick pics awaiting you. Significantly more, I’d say, than when people flocked to Craigslist in January 2016 during Winter Storm Jonas. (2017 truly is a desperate time.) If that’s what you’re looking for, congrats! If not, perhaps wait until you leave work to seek your storm companion. Plus, it’ll give you something to do while standing in the miles-long line at your neighborhood grocery store.
This morning, Facebook announced that it was updating its policies to prohibit developers from using its data for surveillance purposes. New language in the network’s developer agreement makes this policy explicit for both Facebook and Instagram. In the past, both networks have proved useful for law-enforcement purposes and for gathering reams of private information.
That third-party developers can no longer build surveillance tools, however, means nothing for Facebook’s own data-collection policies or its willingness to share said data with law enforcement upon request. Peter Thiel, co-founder of data firm and frequent government contractor Palantir, remains seated on Facebook’s board.
“We’re grateful for community leaders like the American Civil Liberties Union of California, Color of Change, and the Center for Media Justice, who worked with us for the past several months on this update and have helped bring public attention to this important issue while advocating for positive change,” Rob Sherman, Facebook’s deputy chief privacy officer, wrote. The announcement coincides with a talk the ACLU gave on privacy this afternoon at the annual SXSW tech conference.
Last October, the ACLU drew attention to Geofeedia, a social-media aggregate service used by law enforcement for surveillance purposes.
There’s a blizzard hitting the northeast right now (supposedly), but in the event you get trapped beneath a mountain of snow, don’t expect Truckee the avalanche rescue dog to come and save you. Partly because the five-year-old Lab lives in Lake Tahoe, but mostly because of a new viral video showing Truckee using his body as a sled to glide down the mountain on his back. Dogs just want to have fun, as the song goes.
Truckee is this week’s second very good dog. Monday’s involved a Jack Russell terrier named Olly going adorably rogue during an agility competition at the Crufts dog show.
The CAPTCHA — that little test, often of recognizing letters, that you take in order to confirm to websites that you are a human, and not an automated program — is getting another upgrade. Last week, Google rolled out a new version of its reCAPTCHA product — one that, Google claims, won’t require you to do anything at all in order to tell if you’re machine or human.
Google has gone in another direction. In 2014, Google rolled out the “No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA,” which requires you to do nothing more complicated than check a box that says, “I’m not a robot.” On Monday, Google removed the checkbox. The new upgrade, called “Invisible reCAPTCHA,” functions without any clicks (really it just handles what was a one-click function automatically). Just wait a moment, and a page will determine whether or not you’re a human.
Google is not particularly forthcoming about how it makes this determination. In 2013, Google’s security blog described “actively considering the user’s entire engagement with the CAPTCHA—before, during and after they interact with it.” A paper presented at a 2016 Black Hat conference outlined tactics like installing cookies, examining what browser someone is using (this is known as a “user agent” and can be faked), and testing whether said browser can render certain elements on the page.
In other words, when you arrive at the website and mark the CAPTCHA checkbox (or don’t, with the Invisible reCAPTCHA), Google checks your behavior against its enormous set of other user behavior, and determines whether you act more like a human or a machine. The more people that use it, the larger the data set becomes, and the more the CAPTCHA system can learn.
How this whole thing works is not publicly explained in greater detail for understandable reasons (aside from it being very technical). If a tech company explains how a system works, it is also explaining how to circumvent that system. No doubt someone programming bots is already feeding them scripts that mimic human mouse and keyboard input.
Google’s own copy states that the system will “Help everyone, everywhere.” In this, it is correct: Who could object to a free, deployable system for sorting humans from computers, especially when it’s so easy to use? “Everyone” is indeed helped, especially Google. The system “makes positive use of this human effort by channeling the time spent solving CAPTCHAs into digitizing text, annotating images, and building machine learning datasets.” That translates to Google using this data to build impressive AI systems that they control entirely. Even when you’re not literally transcribing words for Google Books, or addresses for Google Maps, using reCAPTCHAs means helping build one of the world’s largest databases of human behavior — one that’s proprietary, closed, and wholly owned by Google.
(It’s important to note, however, that CAPTCHAs aren’t tracking individual users; they are — if I understand Google’s description correctly — taking anonymized data and adding it to a much larger set. Google’s developer terms allow it to retain content submitted through its API hooks, in order to improve said hooks, which is precisely how reCAPTCHA works. In this case, it’s whatever data signals that you are not an automated program. We’ve emailed Google to clarify what sorts of efforts CAPTCHA data is used for.)
If that’s not melodramatic enough for you, how’s this: We’ve made Google the largest — and maybe, eventually, the sole — arbiter of “human” and “bot” on the internet. And maybe that’s fine — maybe we’re suffering from such a plague of nonhuman internet users that we need a centralized system for determining which is which. And Google’s discretion regarding its filter isn’t a bad thing: If it tells the world how it works, it makes it easier to game. As with most things online, there is no easy solution. A centralized, black-box system makes the web efficient and accessible.
But we’ve already seen numerous times that private centralized technology — even in the interest of increasing stability and lowering user costs, and an abstract sense of the greater good — can have drastic consequences. If Amazon Web Services has a glitch, hundreds of thousands of websites experience service interruptions, as they did a couple weeks ago. Facebook as a web portal has completely reshaped how people consume media, arguably for the worse. A Cloudflare bug affecting millions of sites left sensitive data accessible to the public. Letting one company or service dominate a function of the web is never a good idea. Google’s CAPTCHA system is a large-scale operation for harvesting data to use however it sees fit. Is it nefarious? Hardly. But will it pose challenges in the long term? Definitely.
Some quick history: the CAPTCHA (Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart) in its infancy was that box in which you had to copy a string of distorted characters — historically, one of few skills that humans are on average better at than computers. (For visually impaired users, audio clues are substituted as prompts.) The point of making users fill out CAPTCHAs is to prevent automated programs making requests over and over — to spam comments on a blog, for example. The term was coined by Luis von Ahn, Manuel Blum, Nicholas J. Hopper, and John Langford in 2003, but CAPTCHAs have existed in various formats since the mid-’90s, when the web became the domain of people and businesses other than techies. They’re a barrier between use and abuse.
But as technology grows more advanced, so has computers’ capacity for reading text, and the text CAPTCHA as a tool has become less reliable for distinguishing between computers and humans. One development is the photograph CAPTCHA — the kind that asks you to “click all the squares with trees in them,” or something similar.
The most popular CAPTCHA provider was reCAPTCHA, which Google purchased in 2009. Google filled its CAPTCHAs not with automatically generated nonsense, but with scanned images from its Books and Maps services — specifically, words and addresses that might have been mistranslated by automatic character-recognition programs. By solving those CAPTCHAs, users were building and feeding Google’s enormous database, translating visual clues like scanned books and photographs of houses into searchable, minable text. If you’ve ever searched inside a blurry old book in Google Books, you may have some anonymous person attempting to leave a comment on a blog to thank.
Well, technically, it’s a coating for regular paper. The printing process is similar to a laser printer, except it needs no ink. Watch it in action.
Every SXSW festival has a moment that, in retrospect, defines it. In 2007, a new “micro-blogging” platform called Twitter used the event as its first major public showcase, solidifying the festival’s status as a tech kingmaker. In 2010, a 23-year-old filmmaker named Lena Dunham won SXSW’s best-narrative-feature award for her film Tiny Furniture, burnishing the festival’s standing as a launching pad for major artists. In 2014, Edward Snowden Skyped into the conference to directly address an American audience for the first time, making it clear that SXSW could break news, too. And — unless something truly amazing happens in the coming few days — in 2017, a cadre of tech bros couldn’t get an Uber and whined about it, cementing SXSW’s reputation as a celebration of entitlement and expense accounts.
It’s easy to tweet hastily when you’re dripping wet and anxious to get to the next party, but Pogue could at least get his facts right. Austin didn’t ban Uber and Lyft. The companies chose to leave after Austin voters overwhelming rejected their attempt to push through more lax ride-hailing regulations. And while many people I know who live here miss the rock-bottom prices and convenience of Uber and Lyft, most find that there are quite enough cabs and other ways of getting around during the other 51 weeks of the year. Rather than shock us into changing our ways, the wail of the technorati seemed to confirm precisely what Austinites have come to resent about SXSW: that out-of-towners expect the city to function as their frictionless personal playground for one week a year, without giving any thought to the people who live here or how they might want to run their own town. Austinites might be caricatured as counterculture pinkos, but they’re still Texans, after all. Pride of place runs deep and fierce.
What risks being buried under all the concrete and branding opportunities is the independence and attitude that attracted people here in the first place. “Keep Austin Weird” might be a dead rallying cry these days (Austin is not very weird anymore), but when the city flips the bird at the Man when it thinks it’s getting a raw deal, it’s a sign that Austin is still Austin. If the city sacrificed that to the festival-going experience of Silicon Valley honchos, it would just be a smaller, more humid Phoenix, or a prettier Charlotte with a less convenient airport. It would not be the kind of place where anyone would want to come for SXSW.
The bullying failed to sway the other council members, and in December 2015, they passed the new ride-hailing regulations. So Uber and Lyft took their message to the people, badly misjudging what Austinites would find important. The companies spent $10 million on their ballot measure, Proposition 1, more than 57 times more than their opponents spent to fight it. But the anti-Uber crowd had the clearer message, and the better slogan: “Say No to Corporate Rule!” A fight that was ostensibly over whether fingerprinting drivers was a reasonable public-safety measure or an onerous regulation, became — amplified by Uber’s bullying and Austin’s lefty values — a battle over the city’s soul. At stake, the Austin American-Statesman wrote in an anti–Proposition 1 editorial, was “whether it should be corporations or Austin’s elected leaders that write the rules for doing business in the city.” Was Austin, at its core, a city of tech conferences, high-rise condos, and destination bachelor parties? Or did it still have the scruffy anti-establishment spirit of patron saint Willie Nelson, the weirdos in Richard Linklater’s Slacker, and the citizen-activists who had once banded together to fight real-estate developers and preserve the pristine waters of Barton Springs, the city’s crown jewel? Austinites made their feelings clear, rejecting Uber and Lyft’s ballot measure 56 percent to 44 percent.
There’s no American city that hasn’t faced these kinds of issues before, and none where longtime residents haven’t fought against a perceived loss of identity. But Austin’s transformation over the last couple of decades from a crunchy university town to a glamorous hub of industry has been particularly disorienting. The city’s population has doubled since 1990, and the growth of the greater Austin area has been even more dramatic. Not one of the ten tallest buildings punctuating the downtown skyline stood before 2003. When SXSW began three decades ago, it was a local music festival organized by a few guys who worked at the city’s alternative weekly newspaper. This year, it’ll attract more than 70,000 people to the city, and seemingly every event will be sponsored by a Fortune 500 company.
Uber and Lyft came to Austin in 2014, first operating without permission, then with city council’s provisional okay. The services were a boon for riders. They were much cheaper than yellow cabs, and seemingly much more plentiful, too. But when the City Council started discussing an ordinance to require ride-hailing drivers to submit to fingerprint background checks — a regulation required of taxi drivers — Uber and Lyft decided to play hardball. Uber targeted City Councilmember Ann Kitchen, who had introduced the fingerprinting bill — with an in-app option called “Kitchen’s Uber,” which limited users to hiring a horse and buggy for a flat fare of $50. As Uber’s Texas spokesperson said at the time, Kitchen was trying to “impose 19th century regulations on 21st century technology.”
Last Saturday night, the busiest of SXSW’s tech-focused “Interactive” segment, evening party-goers were faced with a double ignominy: pouring rain and service outages of Fasten and Ride Austin, two of the largest ride-hailing apps that have been operating in the city since Uber and Lyft left last May. “Austin is broken w/o Uber or Lyft,” Tweeted Ryan Hoover, founder of Product Hunt. “What a disaster for #sxsw … like going back to the stone ages. Rent a car! Find parking! More traffic! Ugh. #austin,” wrote angel investor Jason Calacanis. “Hey cities, here’s a concept: before you ban Uber and Lyft, how about making sure there are enough cabs or other ways of getting around?” counseled Yahoo Tech columnist and former Times device-reviewer David Pogue.
But fear not, techies. Our city’s small-fry ride-hailing services are back up, and have been working relatively smoothly since Saturday night, even if reports of some software glitches and ride shortages persist. And this will almost certainly be the one and only SXSW without Uber and Lyft. The Texas state legislature is set to do what it often does when municipalities have the gall to regulate industry on their own: It’ll pass a statewide law that supersedes and invalidates the city’s ride-hailing ordinance. This very afternoon, the Texas Senate’s Business and Commerce Committee is hearing three bills that would do just that. Later this week, the Texas House will begin considering a similar measure. One of these bills — which, of course, do not have fingerprinting requirements — is very likely to pass before June, and become law. This won’t be a tragedy for Austin, even if it kneecaps the smaller ride-hailing start-ups here, which are generally seen as more driver-friendly. A lot of Austinites liked using Uber and Lyft, and it’s hard to argue against the public good of having additional sober drivers on the road in a state that sees a nation-high 3,500 traffic deaths per year. But if Uber and Lyft are coming back, better that it’s being imposed by the conservative Republican politicians with whom the city has often feuded. Better that Austin got to prove that even if it is increasingly what locals call the “New Austin,” it’s still Austin.
While Winter Storm Stella might not have been the mondo blizzard the Northeast was anticipating (though if you shacked up with a blizzard buddy anyway, more power to you), it’s still generally cold, gross, and not spring outside. To get you through these last few weeks of winter, we’ve rounded up a dozen or so of our favorite travel bloggers — from Mexico to Morocco — who are living, if not their best lives, lives that are likely warmer and sandier than yours.
Ryan, the traveler and blogger behind @PausetheMoment, set off back in 2010 for what he thought would just be a six-month trip. Seven years later, he’s still traveling the world and photographing his journey. He’s currently based out of Playa del Carmen in Mexico, so follow for sunset shots, azure waters, and even the occasional hot-air balloon.
Sarah Greaves-Gabbadon, a.k.a. Jet Set Sarah, is based out of Miami and a self-proclaimed “Caribbean travel expert.” She worked as an editor for the now-defunct Caribbean Travel + Life magazine for over five years, so we’re taking her word on pretty good authority. Come for the pictures of cruises and beaches, stay for the travel and shopping tips honed over years of, well, jet-setting.
Curated by journalist Stephanie Steinman, LePostcard is a combination of fave-worthy photos from destinations around the globe. Some come from Steinman’s own travels, which seem to include every beach on Earth, and others are from fellow bloggers and photographers. Unlike some travel Instagrams, which are limited by the photographer’s ability to only be in one place at a time, @LePostcard offers a great mix.
New York photographer Sam Horine describes himself as a “regular explorer of forgotten, abandoned and under-appreciated places.” His photos are usually excellent shots of his urban backyard (he’s also worth the follow if you’re into New York–architecture porn), but a recent trip to Hawaii means plenty of photos of lush mountains and sandy coastlines. He’s back in snowy NYC now, but fortunately, he’s still posting plenty of photos from paradise.
Like so many of her travel-blogging peers, Stephanie Be left her 9-to-5 job to see the world. What was supposed to be a single gap year turned into a new career. Forty countries later, she’s now based out of New York City, but she’s still traveling and Instagramming from all over the globe, including a recent visit to Turkey.
Katie McKnoulty has spent time exploring and photographing remote corners of the map, from Cambodia to Rome. Today, she’s spending her days in Ubud, Bali. Which, based on her photos of pristine beaches and vibrant street scenes, looks like where you’ll want to take your next vacation.
A great Instagram account to follow if you’ve got some wanderlust and are looking for a little bit of everything. @PassionPassport accepts submissions, so you’re sure to find a wide range of activities and map pins — from snorkeling in Tonga to climbing Machu Picchu.
If you saw Murad Osmann on the street, you probably wouldn’t recognize him, but you might recognize his wife, Natalia, if she stood in the couple’s signature pose — facing away from the camera with her hand reaching back to Osmann and his camera. It’s a pose that would later be copied by blogger after blogger after college kid on spring break. The couple first went viral for their “Follow Me to” pictures back in 2012, and have traveled all over the world since then, taking the same kinds of photos. Most recently, the two were snapping away on the colorful streets of Havana, Cuba.
As a black woman who often travels solo, Oneika Raymond’s goal is “to demystify travel for oft-marginalized groups in a disarming manner.” She’s found herself in over 90 countries, from France to Mexico (and back to France again), taking photos and blogging along the way. These days, Raymond is based in New York City, but don’t expect her to stay there for too long before she’s off to her next destination.
Jessica Stein’s Instagram account is a perfect combination of enviable fashion and even more enviable locations. The Australian blogger has over 2.5 million fans, who follow her to see what the stylish Stein is up to in her native Sydney (as well as in her travels to Greece, Brazil, and Thailand, to name a few), where it’s, because of that whole hemisphere thing, still summer.
If you’re even a little bit into the travel-blog scene, you know Kiersten Rich. Rich, or the Blonde Abroad as she’s better known, left a gig in finance to travel the world and never looked back. She’s since visited 50 countries, most recently posting up for a stint in Morocco.
Tiffany Nguyen is a Los Angeles–based travel photographer and dentist. (Sounds like a winning combination if you’ve ever been on vacation and have gotten a toothache.) While she’s not always on the road, her recent warm-weather trips have included Bohol province in the Philippines and the beaches of Belize. Plus, she’s got plenty of stunning shots of snowy woodlands and mountains, though those might not be so great for dragging your seasonally affected self through the final weeks of winter.
Take the name of this account — which is curated by four sisters — literally; @FoodInTheAir is just picture after picture of delicious food being held up in front of attractive scenery. Fresh pineapple in Palm Beach, sushi in Curaçao. Good stuff.
As of late, Uber has become embroiled in a stunning number of PR disasters, with near-daily revelations of horrible behavior from the CEO and the corporate culture as a whole (even if this wave of bad press was a long time coming). But the true existential threat to the company may be unfolding in a San Francisco courtroom.
Droz outlines some of the innovations Waymo developed along the way — many of which are codified into patents, such as Waymo’s key insight into building a single lens for its laser range-finding system, which greatly reduced the cost and complexity of manufacturing the systems. While Droz details Levandowski’s alleged theft of documents from Waymo servers, it doesn’t appear that he has first-hand knowledge of them.
In late February, Waymo, the automated-car company Google spun off in early 2016, sued Uber and its self-driving subsidiary, Otto. The charge: patent infringement and theft of trade secrets related to Google’s automated-car program.
Google charged that former Google engineer Anthony Levandowski abruptly left the company in early 2016 to found his own self-driving-trucking start-up, Otto. After only six months of operation, Otto was acquired by Uber in the summer of 2016 for over a half-billion dollars. The amount of money for, and quickness of, the acquisition raised Google’s suspicions, and it began an investigation into the time shortly before Levandowski left. Google claims it discovered that Levandowski accessed Waymo’s servers and snagged 9.7 GB of Waymo data before leaving to found Otto. Then, in December of 2016, a supply-chain manufacturer accidentally emailed a Waymo employee an attachment meant for Uber and Otto. That attachment, says Google, showed that Uber and Otto were copying a vital bit of tech for their self-driving cars. Google filed a lawsuit a few weeks later. (For a clearer breakdown of everything that happened, see Daniel Compton’s remarkably lucid timeline of the events in question.)
What he does have are recollections of conversations with Levandowski, in which Levandowski seemingly lays out his entire plan. “Mr. Levandowski personally told me in January 2016 he was interested in implementing long-range LiDAR at his new company and was thus interested in the design which is not available in any commercially available LiDAR system that I know of,” states Droz. “I distinctly remember taking a walk around our Mountain View office one-on-one with Mr. Levandowski on or around January 5, 2016. During this walk, he told me specifically that he wanted his new company to have a long-range LiDAR, which is very useful for self-driving truck applications he was interested in. He also told me that he planned to ‘replicate’ this Waymo technology at his new company.”
Droz says the revelation did not come as a surprise. “Mr. Levandowski had previously told me, in or around the summer of 2015, that he had talked with Brian McClendon, an Uber executive involved with their self-driving car project,” states Droz. “We were having dinner at a restaurant near the office, and he told me that it would be nice to create a new self-driving car startup and that Uber would be interested in buying the team responsible for the LiDAR we were developing at Google.”
Droz’s statement concludes with this damning bit of detail. “Later in January 2016, a colleague told me that Mr. Levandowski had been seen at Uber’s headquarters in mid January. I asked Mr. Levandowski about this, and he admitted he had met with Uber, and the reason he was there was that he was looking for investors for his new company.”
There are two main bits to take away from Droz’s written declaration. One, if what Droz declared is true, Levandowski had a clear plan to use the information developed at Waymo for his own start-up. But, and this is where things could get very dicey for Uber, Levandowski may have been talking to Uber as early as 2015 about bringing that information over from Waymo.
This makes it even more likely that Google’s request for a preliminary injunction will move forward, meaning Uber will have to halt all work on its self-driving-automobile program. That alone could be devastating, and likely sink Uber’s ability to IPO this year — even without the constant barrage of bad PR coming out of the company.
But Uber could potentially weather a round of bad PR, bring in an adult COO to run things and rein in the worst of CEO Travis Kalanick’s idiotic impulses, and hold on to its position in the short term as the market leader in ride-hailing apps. But to use a term popularized by Warren Buffett, Uber’s economic moat — its competitive advantage that keeps other would-be Ubers at bay — is its pure size and ability to continuously raise billions of dollars. For most markets, Uber and Lyft are really the only two players in the game, and Uber dwarfs Lyft in size, no matter how many times #DeleteUber may trend on Twitter.
But self-driving cars would fundamentally change that, something Kalanick himself admitted in August of 2016, when his company acquired Otto. In an interview with Business Insider’s Nicholas Carlson, Kalanick said the world was clearly moving toward autonomous cars, and Uber was lagging behind. “So if that’s happening, what would happen if we weren’t a part of that future? If we weren’t part of the autonomy thing? Then the future passes us by, basically, in a very expeditious and efficient way.”
With a looming court case against Google, one of the world’s richest companies, and Uber’s plans for “the autonomy thing” potentially breaking down, Kalanick and Uber may see just such a future come to pass.
Now, there’s even more color added, thanks to a (heavily redacted) written declaration by Google engineer Pierre-Yves Droz, with Droz detailing much of Levandowski’s alleged malfeasance. It should be noted that Droz is no Google lackey being brought to the stand to impugn Levandowski — along with Andrew Schultz, Droz and Levandowski started a company called 510 Systems in 2006, which was later acquired by Google to jump-start their automated-car efforts in 2011.
The death of a young girl last Friday, reportedly due to a fire caused by a faulty hoverboard, is believed to be the first resulting from the brief hoverboard craze from a year ago, which saw tons of self-balancing scooters flying off of the shelves, according to CNN. The fire in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, also sent six people to the hospital.
Last summer, the Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a recall of ten hoverboard brands after dozens of reports of fires caused by the device. More than half a million scooters were recalled. Hoverboard fires generally occur while the device is charging, and so users are advised not to charge them overnight or unattended.
Harrisburg’s fire chief cited a hoverboard as the cause of death when speaking with PennLive, though a CPSC spokesperson told CNN, “We do not know whether the tragic incident in Harrisburg involved a recalled hoverboard or not.”
Earlier this evening, Rachel Maddow tweeted that she has obtained “Trump tax returns” and will be airing them tonight on her show on MSNBC. Which is great news if you’ve got cable and want to find out more about President Trump’s 1040 from 2005. Tune in. You’re all set.
If that’s not the case, here are a few other ways you can watch Rachel Maddow tonight.
Option 1: Log in using your cable provider. If you (or a kindly friend who will loan you a password) has cable, you can log in on the MSNBC Now website and stream the show live. You can also use that login on the MSNBC app and AirPlay to an Apple TV, since there is no specific MSNBC Apple TV app.
Option 3: Consider a streaming service like DIRECTV Now or Playstation Vue. Both of those offer MSNBC and — not that we’d ever recommend this — also happen to have free trials, which you could cancel if you decided you didn’t want to keep using them after tonight.
Option 2: Find somebody who is streaming the show via Periscope. Try searching Twitter for “Rachel Maddow Periscope” around 9 p.m. and seeing who is live.
Option 4: Just wait and read the tweets that will inevitably begin pouring into Twitter once the show starts. Or don’t — Twitter is already pretty unbearable right now, and the show hasn’t even started.
Last night, hundreds of Twitter accounts were hacked using a third-party app called Twitter Counter. (Now is a good time to check your Twitter settings, and make sure you don’t have the app enabled for your account.) Hacked accounts — which included Nike Spain, Duke, and Forbes, Gizmodo reports — sent out tweets referencing an upcoming referendum vote to give Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan more power. The tweets included swastikas, the Turkish phrases for “Nazi Germany” and “Nazi Holland” (relations between Turkey and Holland have been tense lately), and links to a YouTube video from the World Economic Forum.
Since the hack, it appears many of the affected accounts have been able to regain control. Duke and Nike Spain have since deleted the tweets and returned to normal. Forbes is also back to business as usual, save for the pink egg avatar still heading the account as of publication of this article. It’s unclear who was responsible for the hack, though Counter tweeted to let followers know it is working on containing the issue by turning off the app’s tweet feature. Counter also noted it does not store credit-card info, which should be a small comfort to those hacked.
Select All reached out to Twitter, and we’ll update this post if we hear back.
As a reminder, it’s a good idea to always double check exactly what access you are granting when you enable a third-party app on Twitter. To do that, head to your Twitter account settings and click on “Apps” in the menu on the left (you can also click this link here). You’ll see a list of all the apps that have, to varying degrees, access to your account. If you don’t recognize any, or aren’t actively using them, it’s a good idea to revoke access.
The new Legend of Zelda game, Breath of the Wild, is a masterpiece in many ways. Captivating, thrilling, mysterious; it is truly a wonder to behold. The main thing that players and characters in the game can all agree on, above all else, is that Link is a beautiful boy who can show you a good time, wink, wink.
For three decades, gamers have been horny for Link, and finally, Nintendo has acknowledged that Link is a hot, sexy boy who will fight for your honor.
Even Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aimé, himself a meme machine, has confirmed that Link is hot.
Nintendo is not particularly subtle about everyone wanting to see Link’s other master sword (ha ha, just some gamer humor). The game’s developers have even created specific dialogue for when Link speaks to characters without clothing on (a detail I confirmed by accidentally playing through the game’s intro without a shirt or pants). Here’s just a smattering of characters who are revved up and rarin’ to go regarding Link, compiled by Tumblr user chickennuggetpower.
Truly, Breath of the Wild’s Hyrule is a land of infinite possibilities. One constant, though, is that everyone is horny for the 100-year-old elf boy.
… and Prince Sidon, a tall, muscular, sharklike man with a borderline psychotic sense of optimism.
Exactly who is most horny for Link is a matter of fierce debate, but the two leading contenders are the mysterious Lonely Arrow Girl …
A depressingly regular part of being online in 2017 is having some of your personal information leaked to the internet. Enter your email into security-researcher Tory Hunt’s Have I Been Pwned site, which tracks major hacks and database leaks, and see how many times your own info has been left out in the open.
Luckily, these leaks have (relatively) little information about you, usually a combination of your username and maybe an encrypted form of your password, with occasionally more concerning information like your security questions.
Not that this is great! If you don’t use password managers (and you should), it means you’ll need to change up your passwords not only on the sites affected but also on any other site where you used the same password.
Then there are more disturbing cases, like the recent CloudPets leak, in which a database for an internet-connected plush toy potentially allowed malicious users to discover over 2 million voice recordings between parents and their children.
But researcher Troy Hunt recently was recently sent a 52.2 GB CSV file with much more detailed information on over 33 million people. Here, for example, is just a partial excerpt of some of the data from Zack Whittaker, a journalist at ZDNet, who allowed Hunt to publish his information:
It’s not surprising, in and of itself, that there would be this type of record for Whittaker. If you work in corporate America and are in any way a possible sales or marketing prospect, whether that’s a purchasing manager or an editor, there is a whole industry dedicated to compiling this information about you, and packaging and selling it to others.
You can check to see if you were affected at Have I Been Pwned. I did the same, dropping in my personal email address. At first, I felt relief (and, to be honest, a bit of smugness) to see that it looked like I was in the clear.
But the truly worrying thing is just how much information is here, and how many people were exposed. Of the 33 million, over 100,000 worked for the Department of Defense; over 70,000 worked for major financial institutions; and nearly 35,000 worked for Kaiser Foundation Hospitals. With the amount of information provided, social-engineering hacking campaigns, like spear phishing and whaling, have just become infinitely easier.
Two things make this leak concerning. One, it seems to originate from Dun & Bradstreet after it purchased NetProspex in 2015. Dun & Bradstreet is one of the biggest, and most well-regarded, corporate-information database companies out there. When contacted by Zack Whittaker at ZDNet about the leak, Dun & Bradstreet gave only this statement: “We’ve carefully evaluated the information that was shared with us and it is of a type and in a format that we deliver to customers every day. Based on our analysis, it was not accessed or exposed through a Dun & Bradstreet system.” But Dun & Bradstreet does sell this information to third parties — and while it claims the leak did not occur through one of its clients, the information had to come from somewhere.
Then I tried using an email address from a former employer — and there I was. Then I tried another. And there I was again. The smugness disappeared. That information about me is out there, it’s never coming back, and there’s nothing I can do about it. Welcome to being online in 2017.
On Wednesday, the Justice Department announced the names of four Russians being indicted for hacking over 500 million Yahoo accounts — accessing emails, phone numbers, birthdays, and encrypted security questions and answers — back in 2014. Among those indicted were two Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) officers, Igor Sushchin and Dmitry Dokuchaev, as well as two hackers hired by the Russian government to facilitate the breach.
According to the DOJ, Sushchin and Dokuchaev paid (and “protected”) the two hackers, Alexsey Belan and Karim Baratov, to “collect information through computer intrusions in the U.S.” Their indictment, as noted by the Washington Post is the first time the United States has ever levied a cybercrime charge against a Russian official. Or officials, as it were. The charges include “computer hacking, economic espionage and other criminal offenses in connection with a conspiracy.” Among the accounts breached, the DOJ reports information belonging to journalists, Russian and U.S. government officials, and employees at a Russian cybersecurity company were of particular interest to FSB.
As for what this means for the four Russians, the DOJ announcement makes it clear that these are only indictments, “an indictment is merely an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.” The U.S. does not have an extradition treaty with Russia, so now the United States has to either hope Russia will surrender its citizens (seems unlikely), or hope even harder that they leave Russia at some point and head to a country where the U.S. can extradite them (also seems unlikely). As for what this means for you, go change your Yahoo password, if you still have a Yahoo account at all.
Mark Zuckerberg says he is definitely not running for president, thank you very much, but as part of his 5,800-word manifesto, the Facebook CEO pledged to get people more involved with their government. (Something something “civic engagement” something something.) This week, the company rolled out a new feature, Town Hall, which helps users connect with their government representatives.
To find Town Hall, open up the Facebook mobile app and tap the menu icon in the lower right-hand corner. Scroll down the “Explore” column and tap more, and you should see “Town Hall” with a blue building icon. Once there, you’ll need to provide Facebook with your address (which, hmmm) and the tool will pull up a list of your local, state, and federal representatives. With each representative listed, users are given the option to follow them on Facebook or tap “Contact,” which pulls up a suite of options, including making a phone call and sending an email (assuming Facebook is able to pull this info from a given official’s page). If you’ve ever spent any time trying to find an email address or phone number on a government website, this feature — which also does the dialing and email-addressing for you automatically — is actually pretty handy, if you can get over the idea of handing over even more of your personal information to Facebook.
A few weeks ago, posters on 4chan and Tumblr began bragging — ironically, sort of, as all things on 4chan and Tumblr are — about the size of their brains. Because this is how they communicate with one another, the channers and Tumblr bloggers bragged in the form of memes: smart-sounding but nonsensical linguistic escalations, from “who” to “whom” to “whomst,” and depictions of a character known as Feels Guy, or Wojak, who has a comically large brain; images that demonstrated the intelligence of whoever wielded said images.
Memes have often divided readers into tiers — those who know or understand something, and those who don’t. It’s why the most viral of them strive to be “relatable” — specific descriptions of near-universal experiences. For a while now, internet communities have tossed around half-tongue-in-cheek diagrams of “levels” of fandom or hipsterism, with everything from classical music (from Mozart, the most basic, to the notoriously difficult composer Karlheinz Stockhausen) to leftism (John Oliver at “Level 1,” Maoism at “Level 5,” all the way up to “mandatory gay married” at “Level [infinity symbol]”).
Maybe more than anything else, the brain meme works because it speaks in the low-rent visual language of scammy web ads. Its use of homeopathic imagery and medical stock imagery from places like Shutterstock reflects the aesthetic of the conspiratorial woo-woo social-media brands that warn Facebook users about Monsanto and Reptilians. The very idea of boosting past one’s physiological limits is why people keep falling for “Limitless pills,” and trying out nootropic stacks from InfoWars. The myth that we only use 10 percent of our brain is pervasive in pop culture, even if that myth is false, and ads for cognitive enhancement often rely on imagery of a glowing brain to rope in new marks. Looking at one of these brain memes is like watching the supposed effects of nootropics happen all at once — in which the meme’s writer can simultaneously see the present, as well as the near and distant futures.
One of the predecessors and close cousins of these brain memes is an image macro known as “layers of irony,” a four-panel comic that follows a set form, always beginning with a disembodied head that one can only describe as “very vaporwave” asking, “how many layers of irony are you on?” The idea here is that being ironic online has no upper bound, that there is always another layer of irony to enfold oneself inside.
If you like something, you can be sure that someone will pipe up to say, “Actually, it’s bad, and that makes me smart”; and then someone will pipe up to say, “Actually it’s good … because it’s bad.” Whoa.
Brain memes, like the Wojak variant, have their origin in the “Whomst” progression, an escalating, ridiculous series of not-quite-words that make someone sound smarter. Just as using “whom” instead of “who” makes one sound exponentially smarter, “whomst’d’ve” makes you sound like an omega-level mutant capable of warping reality with your powerful brain. From there, iteration changed the brain meme from one about intelligence and pretension to one about the very nature of argument itself.
The brain meme takes this kind of social sorting and presents it in an easy-to-understand diagram. But it’s also itself evolved — from a meme about raw intelligence to a meme about argumentative sophistication. The latest brain memes draw strength from the very structure of the web-content economy itself — the never-ending shouting match across social networks that is colloquially referred to as the Discourse. First and foremost, these memes encompass the many stages of a topic’s life on social media. Its breakout, the backlash, backlash to the backlash, and the counterintuitive take nobody was really looking for. Why spend days waiting for a new #slatepitch when controversies can simply be gamed out and packaged into a sort of reader’s-digest version of the Discourse?
This is a potent stew of internet-familiar references: the snippy need to be right online, the quixotic search for a perfect nootropic stack, the jockeying for position in the eternal tournament of irony, and the glowing aesthetics of vaporwave. You don’t have to recognize all of these ideas to like it. But you can’t reach the full astral-thought-projection level if you don’t.
Since then, the idea of ever-evolving intelligence has itself evolved, spreading across the memescape from Tumblr and 4chan to Twitter, in the form of what has become known as the “Expanding Brain” meme. The “Expanding Brain,” so far the most popular of the “levels of intelligence” genre of meme, is an image macro that uses New Age depictions of what happens inside your skull to show the difference between sheeple and the truly enlightened — from ordinary brain to universe-enfolding Vitruvian Man.
On Monday, an Uber driver in Seattle crashed into a local gas station, triggering a massive fireball. The incident was captured via the gas station’s security cameras. Prior to coming to a flaming stop at the Shell Station, the 60-year-old driver reportedly lost control of the vehicle and hit another driver, 35, who sustained severe injuries, according to KOMO News.
The Uber passenger fortunately sustained only minor injuries in the accident. The driver was unharmed, but sent to the hospital for a blood test following the crash. Those results have not been released. An Uber spokesperson told KOMO News the company is working with the Seattle police and the driver has been removed from the app. Here’s hoping they also refunded the rider.
One of the fundamental components of Amazon Echo and Google Home is the tiny, always-listening microphones housed inside the devices. It’s how your house robot is ever-ready to hear you say, “Alexa, please play that Ed Sheeran song I am ashamed to admit I really like,” and put on “Galway Girl” in response. The problem is that your house robot might overhear something you don’t necessarily want it to hear. (Amazon recently agreed to release Alexa data in a murder case in Arizona.) Daniel Eckler thinks he has a solution for that, a furry, soundproof “Hearmuff” to put over your device when you don’t want it listening.
Back in January, Trump adviser and longtime Nixon ghoul Roger Stone Jr. attended the presidential inauguration, rocking a look that involved a gray suit, an overcoat, a top hat, and a pair of round-frame sunglasses that look a little like they could double as the novelty 3-D glasses you got if you saw Harry Potter in IMAX. It was, as they say, a lewk. So much of a lewk, in fact, that months later, he’s still getting burned on Twitter.
The best Stone owns — which have subsequently gone viral, thrusting Stone’s sartorial choices back into the, um, news — come from Twitter user @spookperson, who has an entire thread of 80-something tweets devoted to taking down his #dandy look. Who doesn’t love a well-placed industrial revolution joke?
Plenty of other people have also chimed in on the thread, not that anyone can top it. But Stone’s outfit is so burnable, it could power an entire factory for years, even without child labor.
Last week, two kids — 4-year-old Marion in a yellow sweater and 8-month-old James in a walker — burst in on their dad, professor Robert E. Kelly, who was in the middle of an interview with the BBC, discussing South Korean geopolitics. The video was a smash hit. You definitely saw it. Heck, your mom definitely saw it. It was good.
This week, Kelly and his wife, Kim Jung-a, gave a press conference in South Korea discussing the now-viral video. Marion and James were also in attendance. And while I’m sure her parents gave great and pleasant answers about the fun that is becoming a fleeting internet star, once again, Marion — dressed this time in a trench coat, take-no-prisoners stare, and her signature pink glasses — was the highly meme-able star of the press conference.
BBC kid is clearly the bad cop.
This morning, McDonald’s, or at least whoever controls the company’s Twitter account, shared some polarizing opinions about POTUS 44 and POTUS 45. In a now-deleted missive, the company tweeted at Donald Trump’s personal account, @RealDonaldTrump, calling him a “disgusting excuse of a President” and mocking his “tiny hands.” The tweet also said “we [McDonald’s] would love to have @BarackObama back.” The tweet wasn’t live for more than 20 minutes before, unsurprisingly, it was deleted. But receipts live forever, and we have them.
It’s unclear if the McDonald’s account was hacked, or if someone with the company’s Twitter password just decided to go rogue on this cold March morning. Given how quickly the tweet was removed, the latter seems more likely. Especially since the tweet was pinned to the top of the account until it was deleted. Select All has reached out to McDonald’s and will update this post if we hear back. In the meanwhile, enjoy the memory of this short-lived, dramatic tweet. I know I’m lovin’ it.
Update 10:41 a.m.: McDonald’s responded via Twitter, saying its account had been compromised and that the company is investigating.
The company told TechCrunch:
Now, WhatsApp is quietly rolling back the changes. The app isn’t ditching the new Status feature entirely, but user feedback was apparently strong enough that it’s bringing back standard text statuses.
About a month ago, Facebook-owned chat app WhatsApp rolled out changes in line with every other product under the Facebook umbrella: It cloned Snapchat. Just as Instagram, Facebook, and Facebook Messenger have all done, WhatsApp — which is wildly popular basically everywhere, except for the United States — added ephemeral multimedia posts, similar to Snapchat Stories, to its features repertoire — in this case, replacing WhatsApp’s standard instant-messagelike text statuses (“Away,” “brb”).
Still, it seems Facebook is keen on Snapchatifying as many of its products as possible. It remains to be seen how well it will work. Last week, Facebook launched a third Stories copycat in its Messenger app, once again trying to turn a private-messaging app into a semipublic social network. Snapchat was able to do this because it had already conditioned users to understand that their messages were temporary, and so the mental barrier to posting a Story was lower. Facebook has, for years, been struggling to deal with the problem of context collapse — users collecting all of their social circles under their singular Facebook identity. WhatsApp, similarly, creates friends lists out of disparate phone contacts. Fiddling with these settings in order to post a temporary photo or video might be more hassle than it’s worth, especially when Instagram already fits the bill as a more public social network. Facebook isn’t going to give up cloning Snapchat’s best-known feature anytime soon. But it might not be able to make it as ubiquitous as the company would like.
The change is currently live in the Android app’s beta version, and will roll out wide on Android and iOS soon.
While the Stories feature has proven extremely popular on Instagram (and has likely led to the acceleration of its deployment elsewhere in the Facebook universe), WhatsApp’s Status feature has been met with mostly a shrug, an unsurprising result given that it attempted to shoehorn one kind of posting (social-media performance) into another (private messaging). Instagram, where Stories is a natural extension of the app’s main uses, is a more natural home for the feature.
Since the introduction of popular voice-enable chatbots — in particular, Apple’s Siri, and Amazon’s Alexa — plenty of people have come forward complaining about how irritating it is to have their name co-opted by Silicon Valley. It’s suddenly on the lips of everybody who owns a cell phone or home robot, and God forbid your name needs to be said out loud in an Amazon-enabled smart home. But the “Alexas” and “Siris” of the world only have it half as bad as this truly unfortunate soul: a woman named Alexa Seary.
Seary — pronounced, yes, like the Apple assistant — is a 21-year-old college student from New Jersey. She told the Huffington Post that when Siri was first introduced in 2011, people would immediately associate her last name with the Apple product. “It started off at work. It would be, ‘Siri, do this, Siri do that,’” Seary explained. Now, her colleagues make the same joke, but with Amazon’s Alexa instead. “Mostly people just say, ‘Haha, I’m telling you what to do,’ and I’m like, ‘OK, haha, that’s a new one.’” Man, those people sound like a blast.
Flying is terribly un-fun on a good day. Nicole Byer is not having a good day. The comedian was on a Delta flight from Baton Rouge to Atlanta when she opened her flight-issued blanket and says she discovered feces inside. “I didn’t notice until I tried to use the blanket about 30 minutes before the end of the flight,” Byer told Select All via Twitter DM. “I opened it and was like what’s that dirt. Then I thought that was too much dirt and there was a smell.”
“I waited until we landed to truly inspect because I didn’t want to throw a fit before landing,” Byer said. “I told the flight attendant at the end for hand sanitizer and showed him the shit and he was flabbergasted.” She says Delta’s only response to her tweets was telling Byer to speak with the flight attendant on the plane. (Byer says the flight attendant did not take her information and “Delta has also been no help.”) Select All has reached out to Delta and will update this post if we hear back. Until then, if you’re on a plane and really need to use the lavatory, please feel free to move about the cabin, instead of shitting in your blanket. We all thank you in advance.
If you’re one of the miraculous few that missed it, here you go:
With Breath of the Wild, the new game in the storied Legend of Zelda franchise, firmly in the rearview mirror (smh if you didn’t beat the game by playing it nonstop for 48 hours), the year’s next hugely anticipated video-game release is Mass Effect: Andromeda, itself the latest entry in popular space-opera role-playing-game franchise.
There are few universal truths in this crazy mixed-up world, but none more important than this: hard-core gamers care about their hobby more than anyone has cared about anything ever. That’s just a fact. (Also, I’m now realizing I called gaming a “hobby” in the first sentence, when really it’s a “lifestyle.” I would like to apologize, with utmost sincerity, to the gamers.)
Take, for instance, this early GIF of player-character Sara Ryder grabbing a gun. Look at how expressive her face is.
But as more footage of the game has come out, things have felt … off. Small yet noticeable parts of the Andromeda experience have dipped into the uncanny valley, with characters looking and moving in ways just off the mark of realistic.
As we’ve gotten closer to the launch, more footage of the game has hit the web, as streamers preview Andromeda’s first few hours. And boy is there a lot of clunky animation to make fun of.
How on earth did a major AAA release get this messed up? How, in a sprawling space epic — in whose narrative players can get lost for hundreds of hours — are there some less-than-convincing animations?
So, uh, evocative. There’s also this GIF floating around of a botched punch that still somehow manages to land.
But another theory is circulating the gaming communities on the ‘net: BioWare is intentionally screwing up Mass Effect to piss off hard-core gamers, who are being punished for being white, straight, and male. P.c. culture has officially taken over — and I’m definitely being serious here, and not joking. Aside from these janky animations, the best evidence the true fans have is the fact that the female playable character, Sara Ryder, is less attractive than the male version, Scott.
That’s a hell of a smoking gun. Gamers worldwide agree.
From an op-ed on thegg.net, which alleges that BioWare was indoctrinated into the cult of feminism by Gamergate target Anita Sarkeesian:
For years, BioWare employees have faced criticism for having the temerity to acknowledge that straight, white men have an uncontested amount of privilege, and that there are genders and sexual orientations outside of the standard binaries, and then working those themes into their games.
Featuring women who don’t look like supermodels in their game is yet another way that the studio is directly and intentionally punishing Pure Gamers. There is only one way to look at this situation, and it is as punishment against hard-core gamers who have been with the franchise from day one. If gamers can’t imagine themselves boning down with fictional space-police officers made out of pixels, then what’s the point?
The stakes could not be higher. Fans felt so strongly about the original Mass Effect trilogy — the story of which changes substantially based on the choices that the player makes — that when BioWare put out an insufficient conclusion to the series, the developer was forced to patch in a more comprehensive wrap-up later. In Mass Effect, player choice is paramount: what you look like, who you fight alongside, who you bone.
The walk-in boxes are supposed to act as an on-the-go space to nap, meditate, or take a phone call. (Although, we’re unsure about the hygiene issues here.)
“Voice surveillance was a big story in the media last week, between Amazon giving over the murder evidence and Samsung TVs being hacked into,” Eckler said. “I think people are genuinely concerned about it hearing you at all times. My girlfriend and I actually came up with the idea together in bed, after our Echo Dot audibly responded to us making no noise at all.” More of a stunt and less of an actual product, Eckler is currently taking preorders ($20 per muff) on the Hearmuff website. “It’s more of a commentary than a way to make money,” he said. “At this stage, I’m gauging interest in production with my email on the site.”
One theory might be that games operating at this scale usually have a few kinks to iron out at launch, and that games of this size and scope often have small animation problems that people like to pick on in good fun as they enjoy the game.
Gag or not, Eckler raises a decent point about how wary people should be around technology. Heck, even Mark Zuckerberg keeps his laptop camera covered with a piece of tape for added privacy. “Surveillance is a big issue, and it’s important that projects like this and others respond, so that we keep a reasonable degree of privacy,” Eckler said. “The range of human behavior changes dramatically if we think we are being watched.” Alternatively, save yourself the $20 and just power down your Echo if you’re that paranoid. And also maybe double check your microwave while you’re at it.
Some days, you plow the snow. Some days, the snow plows you.
A good meme is a piece of art in and of itself. But for Alim Smith, that’s not enough. In honor of Black History Month, the Delaware-based, interdisciplinary artist reimagined some of history’s most important black meme stars as surrealist portraits. He’s like Picasso, if Picasso had access to Reddit, Twitter, and Tumblr. And also Instagram, where Smith has racked up over 17,000 followers, and his art regularly receives thousands of likes.
Commuters waiting at the Amtrak train station in Rhinecliff, New York, found out the hard way how Amtrak clears heavy snow off the tracks after a storm: It simply runs a train full blast through a station.
As you can see from the (very impressive slo-mo!) photography, commuters were expecting the train to kick up some snow. But they perhaps didn’t realize quite how much was gonna get tossed at them?
The rough thought process of people filming the train’s approach seems to be: “This is gonna look so good on Instagr — OH, FUCK!”
Per CBS 9, several people were knocked to the ground, and one sustained a minor head injury. In happier news, this Amtrak snow video has now supplanted this video as the “best snow-plowing-accident video of all time.”
So, without further ado, Select All is proud to bring you the incredible meme-works of Alim Smith.
Hang all of these in the MoMA. Stat.
Nintendo realizes it has a hit on its hands with the Nintendo Switch console. The $299 console has been sold out virtually everywhere since release, and aftermarket consoles are being sold for upwards of $500 on eBay. Today, the company announced it will double its production run for the first year of the console: Nintendo had originally planned to produce 8 million Switches in the first 12 months of the console’s life span; now, it will produce 16 million.
Two, if Nintendo sells 16 million Switches, it will easily surpass the sales figures for its previous console, the Wii U. Most estimates put Wii U worldwide console sales at around 13 million, after five years on the market. The Switch is set to blow by those number in just one year. Nintendo badly needed the Switch to be a hit; there were rumors that if the Switch failed in the marketplace, Nintendo would go the way of former rival Sega and simply stop producing hardware altogether, instead focusing on creating games (like its ridiculously profitable Fire Emblem Heroes mobile game).
This doesn’t mean that you’re suddenly going to able to get to your local Target or GameStop and grab one — production assembly lines take time to spin up, and it’s unclear how the additional 8 million consoles will be distributed globally. But sales in North America, per Nintendo, have been strong, and the company likely want to make sure it has enough stock to satisfy consumers, as it heads into the vital holiday season. But it does mean that it’s much more likely that consumers will be able to get one within the next six months.
There are two impressive things here about Nintendo’s decision to ramp up production: One, virtually all of this hype around the Switch is based around one game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. While other games will slowly be making their way to the system, Breath of the Wild is the only major release currently available for the system, and the only major one that will be on the console until late April, when Super Mario Kart 8 Deluxe hits shelves. Granted, Breath of the Wild is a very good game! But still, that’s a system mover.
If you’re dying to get your hands on a Switch, your best bet is still using a site like Now in Stock and watching. While there have been reports of rural stores having a few remnant Switches for sale, until Nintendo manages to bring more Switches to market, you’ll likely still be waiting for a while. But, at least, there’s now going to be a lot more Switches hitting store shelves at some point in the near future.
One of YouTube’s earliest distinguishing features is being put out to pasture. Yesterday, Google announced that its annotations tool, which allowed video makers to plaster boxes of text and links all over their videos, would be sunsetted. After May 2, users will no longer be able to create or edit annotations, though existing ones will stay up.
For the past couple of years, annotations have existed alongside their slicker, more uniform counterpart, called cards. Those pop-ups and post-video interfaces had the example of simply looking slicker and, more importantly, working on mobile. It’s not surprising that annotations, which were routinely overused and abused as a feature, are going away. According to YouTube, annotation usage has decreased 70 percent.
And yet, their death is bittersweet. Annotations were a distinguishing feature for the platform, and one that was genuinely new and thrilling a decade ago. It’s also worth noting that as ugly as they look now, they fit right in with YouTube’s early space-chrome aesthetic, which is now tough to look at for too long.
And users found uses that were, at the time, novel — adding speech bubbles, title cards, or commentary to raw footage that they had no idea how to edit, or choose-your-own adventures down branching video paths. And, of course, it was enterprising users who came up with those bumpers at the end of videos, pointing into nothing space at an annotation they’d add later.
They’d also lead to weird things like people advertising their Minecraft servers during Beethoven music.
YouTube annotations were almost always the first thing one turned off whenever they loaded a video, but they were important in defining the site’s early freewheeling culture.
The FBI has confirmed to both Gizmodo and The Verge that they have arrested a man in connection with sending journalist Kurt Eichenwald a tweet meant to induce a seizure. Eichenwald, who has written about being epileptic in the past, alleges he was the victim of a Twitter user seeking to induce a seizure in him through a GIF.
In December, shortly after Eichenwald appeared on Tucker Carlson Tonight, a tweeter named @jew_goldstein tweeted a strobing GIF with the message “YOU DESERVE A SEIZURE FOR YOUR POSTS!” Shortly after, Eichenwald tweeted this:
Eichenwald then said he would pursue legal action against the Twitter user, and later posted the legal papers filed in a Texas court of law seeking the information of the Twitter user from Twitter, though Eichenwald later withdrew the motion, saying he had found out the identity of the Twitter user through other means.
In a blog post today, Google U.K.’s managing director announced that the company would be making some big changes to exactly where — beside which videos — advertisements from brands will be able to appear. The change comes after several major brands — including French advertising agency Havas, the British government, and the Guardian — pulled their business, after discovering their ads were running with offensive content. As an example, Bloomberg reports, ads for a charity that helps underprivileged kids, which was founded by Prince Charles, were being shown next to extremist YouTube channels.
dfgdfgdf
From Google:
The company also acknowledged the importance of freedom of speech, and says it plans to continue its commitment to open internet expression. Provided, of course, it’s not horribly racist and insensitive content driving millions of dollars in ad revenue out the door.
While Uber continues to test its driving cars — sometimes without permission from the government, and in the midst of a legal battle over technology allegedly stolen from Google, and a backlash from customers and drivers — the tech still doesn’t seem ready for prime time. According to internal numbers obtained by Recode, the driverless vehicles being tested in places like Pittsburgh and Phoenix still regularly require some sort of driver intervention.
While ferrying passengers around the city, Uber’s autonomous cars still have humans in the driver’s seat, ready to take over if necessary. According to the materials, these incidents fall into two categories, “critical” and “bad experiences.” The former classification is for actions taken to avoid injury to people or damage to property. The “bad experience” moniker is for uncomfortable things like slamming on the brakes.
Critical interventions are generally rare. Last week, the cars went an average of 200 miles before drivers had to take over, although that average was only 114 miles a year before.
Uber’s records show that over the six weeks beginning February 1, Uber’s fleet of 43 cars would make it an average of less than a mile before requiring some sort of driver action. Only on the week of February 8 did the cars manage to make it a full mile on average.
Having to grab the wheel every once in a mile might not sound so bad, but some automakers contend that semi-assisted driving tech, rather than fully autonomous systems, actually prove a greater danger — requiring drivers that are inclined to pay less attention when aided by automation. And, of course, Uber isn’t making these cars to help drivers. It’s making these cars to supplant them.
It’s tough to glean any strong long-term trends from this data, especially in week-to-week increments where uncontrollable variables such as weather and other drivers can alter conditions and results substantially. What the frequency of intervention does suggest, broadly, is that driverless tech isn’t quite there yet. This shouldn’t surprise anyone, but does push back on the industry’s general narrative that the true roadblock here is legislative (i.e., government regulation), rather than technological.
On Saturday morning, the New York Times ran a profile of Donald Trump Jr., declaring the eldest of President Trump’s five children “the Trump who has not always seemed at ease with being a Trump.” The profile covers everything from Trump’s 2001 arrest for public drunkenness, “I think, like anyone else, I made my mistakes,” to the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, “God forbid one of my kids wins. People will say it was rigged.” It also covers, perhaps too breezily, Trump’s habit of retweeting misinformation and content from white nationalists. But honestly, if you read the piece and were able to focus on any of that … congrats. Because for most of us, the takeaway has been having a truly bizarre picture of Don Jr. sitting on a tree stump permanently etched into our brains.
“If I could miracle myself away,” Don Jr. told the Times, “I would live out West.” The profile also notes he spent a large amount of time as a child roaming the countryside in Prague with his maternal grandfather, which helped develop his love of the outdoors. (Also his love of hunting. He owns several guns and refers to PETA members as “crazies.”)
Here’s hoping he and Hillary Clinton don’t cross paths with all the time these two seem to spend among the trees.
Yahoo Sports later identified the distraught fan as the son of Northwestern’s athletic director, Jim Phillips. The other kids in the clip are also Phillips’s sons, though they seem markedly less overwhelmed. Congrats to the saddest son for being the most true to his school. Or his dad’s school, as it were.
The Wildcats would later go on to lose the game. Fortunately for this young fan, the cameras didn’t find him in those emotional moments after the team was eliminated. Still, the one clip of him was enough to elevate him to meme status.
If you’re feeling badly about laughing at an emotional kid, there are still plenty of games left to go in this year’s tournament. Chances are good he’ll be replaced by a grown adult doing some infinitely more ridiculous before the week is out.
Here’s how it works. You write whatever the setup lyric is, and then match it with the response, in all caps, and the picture of Meryl, whose brand of “respected and cool but not too cool” fits the meme’s tenor perfectly.
Meryl Streep, the most-Oscar-nominated actress in the history of film, finally achieved true recognition for her work when she became a meme over the weekend. A shot of the actress at the SAG Awards, with her hands cupped over her mouth, yelling something, is now being matched with those lyrics that you can’t help but yell along with.
Was it at 0:14, when you realized that you could place a saddle on him or her and ride it like a small mule? Assuming the bird did not kill you?
Can’t wait to see what Stone will wear next.
While the average “work selfie” might take place at an office desk, these folks don’t exactly have your average job.
Which brings us to the broader point. Technically, this is a study about social media, but really it’s a study about how people decide which beliefs strike them as credible. And here it fits in neatly with a long line of research from political psychology, sociology, and other fields that keeps repeating, over and over, Social ties matter a lot to how people form their beliefs. As Caulfield put it in his blog post, “for the most part, our brains equate ‘truth’ with ‘things we’ve seen said a lot by people we trust.’”
“TAKE THE BUCKET AWAY FROM HIM!”
On Tuesday, Apple quietly unveiled a new app, Clips. The app, a bright, playful photo- and video-editing app that lets you create FOMO fodder for social media quickly and easily on a mobile device, is a mishmash of pervasive mobile trends: artsy filters, cute stickers, subtitles. It’s not necessarily an uncharacteristic move for the increasingly less austere Apple (once you let users add lasers to their iMessages, the door is open to anything), but it’s also a bit hard to place: It looks like a social network. But where exactly is the network?
That’s intentional. Apple has little interest or effort in building a Facebook- or Twitter-like online platform, in part because it’s irrelevant to the company’s bottom line. Of its largest rivals, Apple is still the only company whose profits largely come from hardware sales — incredibly popular, high-margin luxury sales. This business model has affected the company’s identity in more ways than its quarterly reports: Apple has associated itself closely with security and privacy, two concepts anathematic to social networks, whose business is essentially to sell user data to advertisers. To launch a social network would mean giving up on a core corporate value — and, maybe more to the point, Apple has no ad-sales infrastructure that could support a social network even if it wanted to launch one.
Emoji 5.0 also includes a number of pictographs that are going to be totally useless to most people. But damn, if you find yourself in one of these hyperspecific situations — say sitting in a Swedish sauna sweating out your toxins or enjoying a nice bonspiel — you are in luck because you’ll now have the man/woman in steamy room emoji and the curling stone emoji to choose from.
Lucy, a 17-year-old from San Francisco, says she received a cease-and-desist letter from Donald Trump’s attorney, after the teenager built a website where people scratch Trump using kitten paws. The site, which Lucy coded herself in just three hours, was live for three weeks before she got the letter, the Observer reports. Originally, she called it TrumpScratch.com, but Lucy has since changed the name to KittenFeed.com, at the advisement of her attorney.
From there, stats drop precipitously. Just over half of respondents could identify a phishing attack. Only 52 percent understood that cell phones can still track location even with GPS disabled (which is honestly higher than I’d have expected).
Easily the most terrifying statistic is that only 10 percent of people could identify an example of multifactor authentication when presented with a set of images. While not a perfect solution, MFA is a measure for securing online accounts that all major internet services offer and recommend. That only a fraction of people could even identify it does not bode well for the future.
Not to mention that, at scale, a lot of people will throw marginal amounts of money at stupid shit. Remember the guy who raised more than $55,000 on Kickstarter to make potato salad. His goal was $10.
The vagueness surrounding the new Medium, given the service’s continual stutter steps and pivots over the years, can be frustrating, and the reaction among journalists and media critics is predictable. Medium has never been able to shake off its reputation as a platform where start-up founders go to dispense terrible platitudes and then announce their company’s abrupt shuttering, and Williams’s earnestness about fixing the problems that plague the media business has generally been read as condescension by journalists and publishers who work in it.
Medium spent a lot of effort luring smaller publications over to its publishing platform, offering to take care of ad sales and technical infrastructure. But with the turmoil at the company (and associated bad communication with publishing partners), it seems increasingly doubtful that Medium is a good place for even small media businesses to launch or make money. (To be fair: It seems increasingly doubtful that the internet in general is a good place for small media businesses.) A premium subscription service on Medium won’t help anyone build out the kind of staff or audience necessary to create a sustainable new media company.
What it might do, though, is support individuals. There’s a growing segment of the creative class out there that is, in fact, supported by small subscription fees. Game-streaming service Twitch similarly offers premium features for $5 a month, and the subscription start-up Patreon has grown into a popular middleman through which followers make monthly pledges toward their favorite creators — cartoonists, podcasters, video-game developers, Twitter comedians, and, of course, fetish artists. An individual with a certain level of large, devoted following can find a way to turn that into sustainable income, and more and more are making a go of it.
Instead, saying, “Hey, Siri, 108,” prompts your iPhone to dial emergency services. You’ll have approximately five seconds to cancel the 911 call before it goes through. (I know writing about this is like telling you not to push the big red button, while also handing you a big red button. But trust us. Take a pass on this one.)
The number 108 is to India what 911 is to the United States, Mic reports. Unfortunately for anybody manning an emergency hotline, saying 108 still works in the States. (This was tested by a police department in Texas. I didn’t clog up a 911 line just to prove a point.)
Despite all of the phones in question being locked, it appears the prosecution has been able to garner data from the devices, BuzzFeed News reports. It is, however, unclear as of now exactly how the prosecution has been able to access the locked phones. (Remember the lengthy legal battle surrounding the FBI and Apple over breaching the San Bernardino shooter’s phone.) Depending on the kind of security mechanisms used (fingerprint versus numeric passcode) and the devices themselves (iPhone versus Android), the prosecution could find themselves struggling to access everything they want or need to build their case.
The data, as per the filing papers, will also be available, via an “electronic database,” to the defense. Any “sensitive personal information” found in the search will be deemed off-limits. Defense counsel for each of the 214 people charged in the case will be able to access data pulled from the phones of other defendants involved, though they will be prohibited from sharing any information not deemed directly relevant to the case. Earlier this month, a number of the defendants sought to have the rioting charges dropped, BuzzFeed News also reports. Despite those attempts, the case will continue in the court system in the coming weeks.
FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai’s defense of this reversal — which is not entirely unfair — is that it unfairly targets ISPs for exploiting user data, but not edge providers like Facebook and Google, which also profit substantially from information gathered while you use their services. It’s just that, well, in a situation where one set of giant companies is allowed to exploit consumers and another isn’t, the solution should probably be to prevent all the giant companies from exploiting consumers. Instead, the FCC’s response is to just let every company sell that information, unregulated — an immense violation of user privacy. But, hey, so long as every corporation gets treated equally.
Just because Republicans can’t figure out a health-care plan that lowers premiums, covers everyone, and, most importantly, reduces taxes on the rich doesn’t mean they’re not getting anything done. Today, the Senate voted 50-48, along party lines, to roll back an FCC rule that required internet-service providers to obtain customers permission before selling their information to third parties. And not just your address and phone number: That information includes location information, browsing history, and the contents of unencrypted messages.
ISPs began lobbying the FCC to approve their ability to surreptitiously profit off of sensitive customer data as the Trump administration took hold. The congressional effort was spearheaded by Republican senator Jeff Flake of Arizona. Earlier this week, Flake asked Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch if he would “rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or one horse-sized duck,” a popular thought problem on Reddit that has become a meme in itself. The question came from Flake’s teenage son; Flake himself admitted ignorance about the internet. Didn’t stop him from regulating it though.
The ruling is the first major move by an FCC regime expected to be much more friendly to the internet-service providers and telecom companies that control the material infrastructure over which the internet moves, and much more hostile to the large software companies that have grown up on that infrastructure. Pai, a former Verizon lawyer, is an open foe of net neutrality — the internet-beloved principle that requires ISPs to treat all traffic equally — and companies like Netflix are already gearing up for a world in which telecoms are legally allowed to throttle (or accelerate) their connections. This isn’t to say the best possible world is one in which infrastructure companies are heavily regulated, and software providers are free to operate as they choose — ideally, the FCC would be an aggressive advocate for consumers in dealings with Google and Comcast equally. But an FCC primed to deregulate internet service seems like the worst of all possible worlds for consumer safety, privacy, and cost.
Which, naturally, was all the fuel Twitter needed to meme the crap out of Trump’s newly broadcast love of trucks. Because when you think truck lover, you think Donald Trump. Donald “Truck” Trump. President Truck.
Perhaps the next White House movie night will feature a screening of Monster Trucks. Seems pretty in line with his previous cinematic taste for children’s movies.
After a year of testing the feature with a select number of users, Instagram announced today it is finally rolling out two-factor authentication for all users. The feature, which you are probably already using on other platforms (and if you’re not, get on it), adds a secondary layer of security to keep your account safe. Instead of just logging in with a password, you’ll now also be sent a random code to your cell phone, which you’ll need to input to log into your account from a new device.
“I taught myself to code in the pre-boot-camp era,” Steve Harms, the head of curriculum at Dev Bootcamp, told me, “and the way I would get around getting stuck, is that’d I’d post to these horrible PHP forums … The answers were neither good, nor were they correct, nor were they kindly presented.” Stack Overflow ostensibly fixes this problem by turning coder advice into a Reddit-like thread, with up-votes, down-votes, and helpful snippets. No more lengthy arguments without a clear winner; thanks to Stack Overflow, the “best” solution to a given problem is — or should be — voted to the top.
That means that in the semi-collaborative tech industry — where everyone is directly or indirectly building off of the ideas and innovations of each other — whole swaths of coders are being driven, by Google, to the same handful resources for whatever problem they’re trying to crack. Of the 36,932 developers who responded to the site’s annual survey question about site usage, less than one percent said that they had never heard of or used Stack Overflow as a resource (more than 64,000 took the survey in total). Furthermore, 90 percent of devs “find solutions that solve their coding problems here multiple times a month, and half of them find code snippets they can incorporate directly into their own work.” In other words, Stack Overflow powers the programs that power… everything else.
But because most of that code exists on the backend that users never see, you might not realize how likely it is that the app or website you’re using is built on code ganked from Stack Overflow. Unless the developers slip up: Last year, the NissanConnect EV mobile app for iOS displayed this description text in its settings menu: “The spirit of stack overflow is coders helping coders.” Whoever developed it forgot to change the placeholder text that they grabbed from Stack Overflow.
The philosophy among development-course instructors was pretty consistent, with all that I spoke to agreeing that the site is useful, but that it’s also possible for it to become a crutch. “If you just copy and paste the first thing you see, that’s very often not going to help you,” Charlie Drews, an Android development instructor at General Assembly, said. “It might make your program worse and it’s certainly not going to teach you anything.” Newer coding sites, like CodePen, Glitch, and repl.it, have leaned on that collaborative, iterative spirit to help iron out kinks.
More practically, if you can just copy and paste what you find on Stack Overflow whenever you encounter a problem, how are you ever going to learn to code? “At Dev Bootcamp, we’re very much looking at how to change a person’s employment profile, how to get them the job that they want,” Harms explained. “Undoubtedly, part of that tool kit is going to be leveraging answer sites. There’s no doubt about that.”
And while copying code is not directly akin to plagiarism, it is similarly easy for experienced developers to spot. Drew Mahrt, another GA instructor, said, “You can see that there’s like a stark difference [in the code] and suddenly they have these really long descriptive variable names or they’re using things that are way beyond the level that they were at previously.”
Similarly perilous is the fact that code changes very quickly. Android development practices, as an example, have changed drastically over the last few years, but the popular Stack Overflow solutions are still from 2013, meaning that budding developers might be learning through outdated solutions.
Critics of the site’s dominance are not too hard to find. In a 2015 blog post, Christian Heileman outlined the appeal of, and aimed a critical eye, at Stack Overflow’s forums. It’s a great tool for experts to discuss solutions with each other, but it’s not necessarily the right place to learn how to code. The joke you hear occasionally is that rather than being a full-stack developer, you become a full-stack-overflow developer.
Over the phone, he explained that the site is great for experts talking to each other, but its Reddit-like gamification has hazards. “When you try to learn something and these are the first results that you find,” he explained, “you get two impressions. First of all, that there’s one way of doing it. You don’t even need to think about it you just copy and paste the thing and put it live.” The second impression a user gets is simply one of unfriendliness. “‘If you do this you’re not a professional developer’ is a very common answer in that one. That can be very discouraging for someone who is just starting.”
But there are obvious downsides to relying on the internet to do your work for you, even if it offers up solutions voluntarily and with glee. Heileman — who has spent decades working at companies including Yahoo, Mozilla, and now Microsoft — believes that for novice developers, cutting corners hurts them in the long run. It’s important that they understand the code they write at a high level, rather than just relying on all-in-one solutions and packages to do the heavy lifting. This is an ongoing discussion within the developer community, most recently after an incident last year when a developer removed a simple 11-line function from a system called npm, breaking every other solution that relied on it.
“I think it’s beautiful that we have those resources nowadays,” Heileman said, “but there is a danger of students just copying and pasting to get the homework out of the way rather than understanding it.”
In what seems to be not a particularly good mission from Grand Theft Auto V, a group calling itself the “Turkish Crime Family” is holding what it claims are 300 million Apple iCloud accounts ransom, unless Apple pays the surprisingly low sum of $75,000 in Bitcoin, or $100,000 in iTunes credit (hey, Clash of Clans doesn’t pay for itself — maybe the Turkish Crime Family just wants to climb the leaderboards).
The threat: If the Turkish Crime Family isn’t paid by April 7, it’ll start wiping iPhones remotely, using the credentials it ostensibly has. So far, there’s been no threat of leaking or dumping any of the information from users’ phones onto the internet, so this would be more a matter of annoying millions, rather than violating the privacy of millions.
“There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services,” Apple said in a statement.
“I just want my money and thought this would be an interesting report that a lot of Apple customers would be interested in reading and hearing,” one of the hackers told Motherboard.
To change your iCloud password:
4. Click Change Password.
To turn on two-factor authentication:
1. Open Settings, go to iCloud, and then tap your Apple ID.
2. Tap Password & Security.
3. Tap Turn on Two-Factor Authentication.
On your Mac with OS X El Capitan or later:
3.Click Turn on Two-Factor Authentication.
1. Head over to your Apple ID account page.
If you’ve forgotten your password (it happens!), you can always go to Apple Support to reset it.
Remember that two-factor authentication will require a little extra out of you. The great thing about two-factor authentication is it presents some extra hoops for any malicious actor trying to access your personal data. The bad thing is, you’ll also need to keep a trusted device that can receive SMS messages, as well as set up a 14-number recovery password, should that fail.
Named for a common computing error (in which memory used in a section of the computer’s storage known as the “call stack” exceeds its allocated capacity) (no need to thank me for explaining), Stack Overflow is a Q&A forum aimed primarily at coders. That means most of its threads are devoted to someone saying “I’m encountering error such and such” or “Can anyone figure out the best way to perform such-and-such function?”
“The question you’re asking is one that educators have wrestled with since the Hellenic Age,” Harms noted at the beginning of our discussion. In the Phaedrus, Plato, writing as Socrates, complains of students that use the written word: “Their trust in writing, produced by external characters which are no part of themselves, will discourage the use of their own memory within them. You have invented an elixir not of memory, but of reminding; and you offer your pupils the appearance of wisdom, not true wisdom.” Plato, once you explained electricity, the computer, the internet, coding, and the modern economy to him, would not like Stack Overflow, which joins a long lineage of existentially perilous new innovations, beginning with writing and then, more recently, Google and Wikipedia. For coders, the site is best as a means to an end, not a catchall solution. But when you’re on deadline for a major product, and you just can’t get your code to work, there’s no better means to an end.
Starting in June, Google is saying good-bye to one of its most beloved products, Gchat. Officially, the chat app’s name was Google Talk; Gchat was just what hip, personal-computer owners started calling it back in the day, but the name has persisted. While the functionality of Gchat isn’t really going away — users will be rolled over to Hangouts, a Google chat platform that has been up and running for four years at this point and does effectively the same thing — the name and user interface will be no more.
Gchat’s run as the king of adult instant-messaging started back in 2005. For those of us just getting into the web around then, it was a perfect platform: Your tech-inept parents weren’t on it yet. It was cleaner and easier to use than AIM. And there was the added bonus that because it was new — Gmail launched in 2004, a year prior to Gchat — you might actually be able to snag a variation on your name, if not your given name exactly. Realistically, you probably went with something much cooler and more true to your inner spirit, like “flypegasusfly,” “crewgirl16,” or “mormonboy12804.” (I wish I could say I made any of those up.)
Sure, when the Google Hangouts switch happens in June, your online interactions aren’t really going to change that much. But the name will die, and that’s something to grieve on this slow-for-tech-news Friday. To Gchat with somebody was to enter a secret sanctum, one with an off-the-record-mode-induced cone of silence, which erased messages after you sent them. Giving somebody your personal Gmail account to message was an offering of friendship, an invitation to gossip freely away from the potentially prying eyes of company-owned Slack channels and Campfire rooms. If somebody wanted to Gchat, you knew to expect some good dish about your boss, or your ex, or your boss’s ex.
In addition to Google Hangouts, Google still offers a handful of other communication apps, including Allo, Duo, and its Android messaging app. Still, none of those have quite the same ring as “take this to Gchat.”
Jeff Bezos recently announced Amazon’s plan to develop a robot-run grab-and-go store. But, sorry, Jeff. A Swedish-based start-up beat them to it called Wheelys 247. It’s a little creepy, if we’re being honest, but convenient! You can see it for yourself in the video.
In addition to reaction buttons that let you say, “Like” or “Wow!” or “Angry,” Facebook will start testing GIF search in its mobile app next week. For a while, the service has allowed animated GIFs to be displayed in site comments, but now the service is trying out a button on mobile that will let users search popular image repositories like Giphy.
Facebook told TechCrunch: “Everyone loves a good GIF and we know that people want to be able to use them in comments. So we’re about to start testing the ability to add GIFs to comments and we’ll share more when we can, but for now we repeat that this is just a test.”
On the one hand, sure, every popular app does this now. On the other hand, adding this feature is a very easy way to turn a comment thread from a normally terrible, textual experience into a GIF-laden war zone that not only lets people outsource their emotions to an SNL sketch but also makes your browser chug. Though, I guess your feed might already be full of cooking tutorials and freebooted LAD Bible videos, so maybe we’re already scraping the bottom of the content barrel.
Anyway, maybe that will appear in your mobile app next week. Just a heads up.
In New York 2140, Kim Stanley Robinson, one of the towering giants of the science-fiction genre, envisions our city after it has been vastly changed by global warming. The oceans are about 50 feet higher than before; Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and the Bronx are shallow, toxic seas; and what life remains is mainly in the skyscrapers, which are firmly sunk in the bedrock. The natural rise of Manhattan’s landscape means the Cloisters are the new Wall Street, and lower Manhattan is the “intertidal zone,” where the water washes up to 46th Street every 12 hours and washes back down.
Sounds grim, right? But the book is, at heart, more an adventure novel than anything else, with a cast of characters — all living in a modified version of the MetLife building — making their way through a few years in a New York City that sounds a lot like New York today. There’s traffic, bad smells, and trying to figure out the shortest route to anywhere. They just happen to do it all by canal boat, diving suit, and sky bridge. We talked to Kim Stanley Robinson about his new book, why neoliberal capitalism was the only real villain in the book, and what it was like walking around modern-day New York City.
So, you look at the cover of this book. It’s set in New York in the year 2140. It’s a drowned city where the sea has risen 50 feet and every part of the city below 46th Street is underwater. Approximately. Depends whether it’s high tide or low tide, right?
Right. The tides come in to 46th Street, the tide goes back out to the bay of New York.
I was expecting this very dystopian, grim novel. But it’s remarkably cheerful! It’s like one of Dickens’s happier novels, or Les Misérables where it’s this exploration of a city from the sewer system up, through all these different characters.I thought of the book eventually as a comedy of coping, and to do that I picked a time, perhaps 40 years after the disaster itself. If it was set in the midst of the catastrophic flood in 2100, the disaster would have dominated that work. It would not have been the comedy of coping — it would have been the disaster of refugee creation.
But I think, at some point, science fiction has to imagine the people who come after, when the situation will be natural, whatever it is. If that natural situation that they’re coping with is that new part of Manhattan that resembles Venice, there will be good parts to that as well as bad parts. There will be beautiful parts as well as moldy, horrible parts. So I wanted to convey that as part of the vibe of this novel.
So, I was invoking a somewhat nostalgic, more romantic New York of the imagination that’s more human scale, more neighborhood-focused, more localized, and more kind of hand-crafted, you might call it. And that involves social relations — going back to the neighborhood sense of solidarity where your neighbors are a kind of extended family and you help them out. It was part of my notion of the comedy of coping that 40 years later a flood might not be such a bad thing for New York — even if during the flood itself it would be a tragedy.
It was also odd because, according to the book, my office would be underwater, my home would be underwater, and yet it’s a New York that I’d still like to live in. It almost seemed like a more humane city, a city that still calls to people, even if it’s a lot wetter.I think if you don’t have some kind of radical-slash-social-slash-financial change in the near future, then you get a New York in the real world that becomes a rich person’s simulacrum, especially Manhattan.
Cutting against that future scenario, I wanted to talk about the financial situation we’re in, this moment of late capitalism where we can’t afford the changes we need to make in order to survive because it isn’t cost effective. These economic measures need to be revised so that we pay ourselves to do the work to survive as a civilization facing climate change.
There’s a bit where, for the average person, our needs are all illiquid — you know, I need food, I need health, I need home. These are assets that are illiquid. While the needs of finance are liquidity: You need to be able to move money very quickly, and the faster you can move money, the easier it is to make money.It’s a contradiction of goals. Finance can predate on ordinary rent payers because in a battle between liquidity and illiquidity, the way the rules are written now, liquidity always wins. The banks and investments firms that are parasitical on us are actually vulnerable to the promise of us paying our loans as promised, but what if we didn’t? They’ve all over-leveraged themselves; given out in loans or borrowed out to 50 times as much as their own assets at hand. Promises are being treated as money, but when there’s a crash, only money works as money. A lot of paper turns to vapor. Firms crash. The economy crashes. Finance crashes. And the banks run to government, to the federal reserve, to bail them out for their bad gambling, their losing. And then we the people are paying them off.
I wanted a finance novel that was heavily based on what lessons we learned — or did not learn — from the crash of 2008 and 2009. All science-fiction novels are about the future and about the present at the same time.
You have a character who is essentially a high-frequency trader. In a lot of other books he would be the villain. He would be the guy that the other characters work against or figure out some way to take down. And instead you made him not the hero of the book, but he’s a tremendously sympathetic character.I did that on purpose. People who succeed by using the currently shifting rules of capitalism are not villainous, nor have they broken the law or cheated. They don’t even really have to push against the boundaries of the law as it exists right now. You can indeed become enormously wealthy and still be a good person just playing the game.
The title is New York 2140, but you could’ve called it The Drowned City or The Sunken Metropolis or all these sort of grim titles but really, the book is almost picaresque. It’s all of these fun characters having these sort of small adventures. You have these two sort of street urchins who — not to spoil the book too much — but they find treasure.
That point needed to be raised because, as Orson Welles once pointed out, everybody has their reasons. Very few people are thinking as a sociopath might think, that nothing matters to me.
And yet we still get a bad result by way of the rules in capitalism being bad for environmental sustainability and bad for equality and adequacy for the people that don’t win at the game. So I wanted the financier — I must admit, in the first draft he was more of a jerk, but he began to step on the toes of the citizens. So with the changing of frighteningly few sentences I made him more of a geek. Not that different than my scientist characters who are funny because they try to evaluate social life as if we’re nothing but a theoretical problem in physics or sociobiology. I like my finance guy.
To truly spoil the end of the book, it ends on a tremendously optimistic note. The global finance system has for years and years created these bad outcomes because bad incentives allowed for sea levels to rise, to drown coastal cities around the globe. At the end of the book that system is, for the moment, destroyed, or at least back on its heels thanks to a political and economic revolution. And I was curious, did you feel like you needed this sort of disaster to put the global finance system in a position where it could actually be taken down?That’s a really good question, because the novel does seem to suggest that, and I don’t think that it is a proper conclusion to make in the world at large — despite what that one book seems to say.
I don’t say it should be cause and effect. It’s just that it made for an interesting way to present it as a novel for me. I think in the world at large it’s best if we do that — takeover of the banks and nationalization of finance — sooner rather than later. Things are relatively stable environmentally, so that’s the kind of action that hopefully we would do right now. It’s just as easy to have a fiscal strike right now as it would be in 2140, and maybe in some cases easier because you’ve have less of a police-state, refugee-response-type situation.
As I was reading it, I got the feeling this was a book you could have written in present-day New York. The canals and the airships and the intertidal zone in lower Manhattan wouldn’t make as much sense, but so much of it is actually about the money and the power and the community of New York. Yeah, there were two goals going on that forced me to choose the date 2140, and those two goals cut against each other. I needed to put it far enough out in the future that I could claim a little bit of physical probability to the height of the sea-level rise of 50 feet, which is quite extreme. A lot of models have it at 15 feet, though some do say 50 feet. So I did have to go out like a 120 years from now.
But it’s a beautiful question to ask because it leads into, you know, what else could you do? Can you legislate fundamental change? Essentially we need fundamental change, so we have to hope the answer is yes. Because the alternatives to legislation are all terrible. Legislation is by far the best method for big social change. Get the right congress in and the right World Trade Organization technocrats in and you change.
I guess the other thing I want to suggest in terms of these changes — what Thomas Piketty suggested as one solution in his Capital in the 21st Century — was we have a progressive taxation. Well that’s an old idea, but what made his idea shocking and scandalous for places like The Wall Street Journal or The Economist, was to suggest that you don’t just tax incomes progressively, you tax assets progressively. If you were to progressively tax capital assets and you combine that with a bit of a nationalization of finance, you get a very, very different world where government — which you then want to redefine as of the people, by the people, and for the people — government would be wealthy. And that would mean you could get universal health care as just ordinary. Social security, free college education, public education through college. And all the good things that sit there as possibilities if you could afford to do it. And that includes landscape restoration and environmental stabilization, which is very labor-intensive and very expensive but also very necessary.
Jeff, one of your quants who wants to crash global capitalism, actually uses Piketty as a verb. He says, “Oh, I tried to Piketty the system.” His idea is that he would just break everything to the point where everybody can get out with ten million in assets and that’s it.What I wanted to say with that part of the plot is you can’t hack the system, you have to legislate the system. Because hacks are reversible and they are too secret and they’re kind of like a desire for a technical, silver-bullet solution like you might get out of Silicon Valley people but in fact these are laws, global laws. So what you really need is legislation to change them and Piketty-ing the tax code.
What was it like creating the world for you and how much research did it take?That was a lot of fun. Sea-level rise is coming so it’s worth thinking about because we’ve already initiated it. I took a graph of a map of Manhattan and of the greater New York region and U.S. Geological survey’s print then looked at the streets and the contour levels and I simply marked the 50-foot intervals to see what kind of an island was left, what kind of a bay. And then I walked around town with a tourist-map version of that that I had altered so that I could have a smaller version of that. I wandered around and I looked at the terrain and I looked at the streets running from like Fifth and Sixth avenues between the Empire State Building and say 20th — there’s a 10-foot drop there that would [in a 50-foot sea-level rise] be the tidal zone that is actually several blocks of the wetland at low tide, but underwater at high tide. Even though it would be the shallows with waves breaking.
And I went to the Cloisters, I went to Coney Island, and I went to peculiar places compared to where tourists go because I wanted to see the sea level risings, see the New York Bay as a bay. And I would say that although it was very fun and I was laughing my head off most of the time, it was also very beautiful. I sort of fell in love with New York, not just as a city but as a physical space. And there’s a reason that it’s one of the greatest cities on Earth, maybe arguably the greatest city on Earth. It has to do with its physical landscape.
The reason I chose that building is because that building was modeled on the Campanile in San Marco Square in Venice, so it’s a joke. The architect, Napoleon LeBrun, used the Campanile as his model and the old MetLife tower is about ten times bigger than the Campanile in San Marco, but they are visually identical. I was amazed when I found out Manhattan had a Venetian building there already. So that’s why I chose that building.
The whole thing is fantastically, interestingly beautiful and the infrastructure that’s been put into it is also like an Andy Goldsworthy landscape installation. How many generations — at this point, 200 years, certainly 150 years, of very intense construction work has been done and nobody ever planned it to be beautiful, but it ended up being beautiful. And also when you come from somewhere else, you don’t have to live with the hassle. I came in from California, and I would come here and it would just be like a …
It would be like taking LSD and wandering around going, “I can’t believe they built this place.” I still feel that.
You’re a California guy, right? So you came out to New York and you kind of did these walking tours where you just imagined our poor city destroyed and underwater. What’s that feeling like? What were the emotions that you felt walking around?It was a lot of fun. I took a boat tour that leaves from the Hudson River up in the 70s. I took one of the boat tours that goes all the way around Manhattan. I walked a whole lot. I went to Hell Gate where the HMS Hussar really did go down in 1780. It’s very fun to think that what would be about $2 billion of gold somewhere under the South Bronx. It’s really there but we can’t find it.
Ever since engineer Susan Fowler came forward with a tell-all blog post alleging the rampant gender discrimination she experienced during her year at the company, Uber has been trying to fix the problem of its internal culture (or, at least, fix its sexist image). The company launched an independent review to investigate Fowler’s claims. CEO Travis Kalanick held a lengthy call with over 100 female engineers and listened to them describe sexism as a “systemic problem.” But despite the company’s best efforts — which have repeatedly been hindered by Uber’s string of incredibly bad press — Kalanick and his compatriots have yet to right the ride-hailing ship. As evidenced by one tone-deaf conversation between a female engineer and an Uber recruiter earlier this year.
Kamilah Taylor is a senior software engineer who, quite literally, wrote the book on women in technology. (It’s called, fittingly, Women in Tech.) When an Uber recruiter reached out to her on LinkedIn, Taylor let them know she had “no interest” in coming to work for the company, citing Uber’s “questionable business practices and sexism.” Nevertheless, the recruiter persisted, and when fellow female engineer Julie Ann Horvath (who you might remember as the woman who vocally quit her job at GitHub after she was harassed by one of the company’s founders and his wife) tweeted that she and her colleagues have known about Uber’s dark side for years, Taylor replied with screenshots of her conversation with Uber.
From Uber, via Taylor’s Twitter:
Taylor told Mic she found the recruiter’s comments to be “tone deaf,” calling them “positive PR spin.” (Though somebody should probably tip Uber off that insisting everywhere, not just your company, is a bad place to work as a woman isn’t a great tactic.)
The accident, according to Tempe police, was not the Uber vehicle’s fault. Instead, the other car involved failed to stop, causing the Uber vehicle to flip over. “There was a person behind the wheel [of Uber’s vehicle],” Tempe police officer Josie Montenegro told Bloomberg. “It is uncertain at this time if they were controlling the vehicle at the time of the collision.” No word on when testing will resume again.
(This interview has been edited and condensed.)
Last week, Google announced a new feature that lets users temporarily share their locations on Google Maps. (They also killed Gchat. Which … sad.) Now, not to be outdone, Facebook Messenger is rolling out a similar feature for its users. Called Live Location, Facebook users will now be able to send their location for up to 60 minutes. Unlike a previous feature where Facebook users could share a singular location pin, Live Location will update as a person moves, so you’ll be able to see just how close “almost there” actually is.
Back in December, Amazon announced it would be opening a brick-and-mortar operation in Seattle that would run without cashiers. Shoppers, thanks to a not fully explained combination of “computer vision, deep learning algorithms, and sensor fusion,” would be able to walk in, grab what they wanted off the shelves, and walk out without ever touching their wallets or waiting in a line. But according to a report today from The Wall Street Journal, the store’s opening has been delayed due to technical issues.
The store, which was slated to open to the public at the end of this month, remains open only to Amazon employees. Apparently, the cashier-less system doesn’t work super well if there are more than 20 people at a time shopping. It also has problems when items are moved from their designated shelf spots or if the people in the store move too quickly. Which sound like fairly big problems unless Amazon is going for a more stop-and-smell-the-roses, slow-shopping kind of experience. Unlikely, coming from a company that has started delivering its products via drones.
Elon Musk, SpaceX and Tesla CEO, has never been shy about his vision for the future and technology. He wants to colonize Mars (and possibly kill you, but not himself, in the process). He wants us to merge our bodies with machines. He thinks his ex-wife makes an excellent “deadly sexbot” on Westworld. This week, thanks to a lengthy profile in Vanity Fair, we learned a few more details about Mr. Musk. And, wow, are they … something.
On the price of San Francisco real estate. Musk lives in Los Angeles and operates SpaceX from a nearby suburb, Hawthorne. When he visits San Francisco, he often stays with his friend, Google co-founder and current Alphabet CEO, Larry Page to defray costs. “It’s not worth having a house for one or two nights a week,” Musk told Vanity Fair. (Musk is worth $13.7 billion.)
On his relationships. Musk has been married three times. Most recently, he and British actress Talulah Riley were married and divorced. Twice. But before that, he was married to and had five kids with writer Justine Musk. “I am the alpha in this relationship,” Justine says Elon told her while the couple danced at their wedding. (Maybe should’ve gotten that one out of the way before the ceremony.)
On robots taking over the world. For Musk, even robots engineered to do lame tasks — his example involves a self-improving bot engineered for picking strawberries — run the risk of going rogue and no longer needing humans. “All it really wants to do is pick strawberries,” he told VF. “So then it would have all the world be strawberry fields. Strawberry fields forever.” (Apologies to the Beatles, for this clearly off-the-cuff reference dooming humanity.) He also said that he believes robotic tech is evolving far quicker than most people realize, because we don’t interact with it regularly. “In everyday life you don’t see robots walking around. Maybe your Roomba or something,” Musk said. “Roombas aren’t going to take over the world.”
On Mark Zuckerberg’s homemade robo-butler, Jarvis. “I wouldn’t call it A.I. to have your household functions automated,” Musk told Vanity Fair. “It’s really not A.I. to turn the lights on, set the temperature.” Ouch. How will Zuckerberg ever recover from such a burn?
On sexbots. “I think those are quite likely.”
On kill switches. “I’m not sure I’d want to be the one holding the kill switch for some superpowered A.I., because you’d be the first thing it kills.”
In a lengthy Vanity Fair profile published earlier this week, Musk said he believes “a meaningful partial-brain interface” is “roughly four or five years away.” Start the countdown clock, friends.
How is your Monday going? Good? Not so good? I know you’ve had a long day, but get out your headphones, turn up the volume, and listen to this angel child, Rayna, lisp, “I wuv you, wobot,” while wrapping her arms around a water heater she thinks is a robot. It is extremely worth it.
The robot takeover may be coming — sooner rather than later, if you ask Elon Musk — but Rayna shouldn’t be worried. They’ll likely crown her their queen.
This morning, Facebook announced a host of new features for its main app — the largest expansion to Facebook’s franchise app in quite some time. Of course, by “new features,” I mean, really, “old features copied from Snapchat.” Since last year, Facebook subsidiaries Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp have experimented with their own versions of competitor social network Snapchat’s signature, and hugely successful, Stories format — short videos, arranged in sequence, that last for 24 hours before disappearing. It was only a matter of time before those same Stories arrived in Facebook’s centerpiece app.
Let’s start with the announcements. Facebook is introducing three functionalities to Facebook Prime: Camera, Stories, and Direct.
The camera functionality goes hand in hand with Stories, the photo and video posts that last 24 hours before disappearing. Those will appear, like on Instagram, as a bar of circular icons at the top of your feed. According to Facebook, that bar is ranked by the interest you show in friends, so if you check a few friends’ stories over and over again, they’ll always be pushed to the front of the line. By default, only your friends can see Facebook Stories, and pages and brands will not have access to them at launch.
At the top left is Facebook’s new camera functionality. Top right takes you to Messenger, which is a separate app. Below the camera is Direct, a messaging product separate from Messenger that exists within Facebook Prime. Next to Direct is Stories, which are different from the Stories in Instagram or Messenger, and which now get the app’s prime real estate. Below Stories is the standard Facebook status prompt that you know and love. And below that is the News Feed from whence everyone gets their Fake News. That’s no less than five separate Facebook products throwing themselves in your, well, face as soon as you open the app. And on top of determining the proper posting context, users also have to figure out privacy options and which people their audience, composed of multiple friend groups and contexts, should be comprised of.
None of this is shocking: Facebook has been staging these features for a long time. It bought MSQRD to mimic Snapchat’s Lens function and has introduced disappearing stories in Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger over the last few months.
This is as clear a visual indication as any that Facebook hasn’t settled on a strategy to get it through the next internet epoch. For nearly a decade, Facebook has built an unbelievable advertising empire thanks to the News Feed — the product that most people would describe if you asked them what Facebook is. But the News Feed, for all of its reach, is clearly flawed, filled with aggressive advertising, brands, and performative posts from friends you might not have spoken to in months or years. Worse (for Facebook), there are early indications that the News Feed is in trouble: For a while now, Facebook has been concerned internally that people are sharing less, a result of the “context collapse” that results from combining friends from school, college, and multiple jobs under one online presence.
But it is fascinating to watch one of the web’s most powerful companies try to plot out its next move. Facebook Prime is now packed to the gills with an almost paralyzing amount of functionality, all of which will bombard users as soon as they open the app. Throughout yesterday’s press walk-through, Facebook emphasized that it will adapt these features to what users appear to like. They’ll have plenty of data. Consider what users see when they first open it:
So what’s the solution? Unsurprisingly, the idea of encouraging more sharing came up multiple times during yesterday’s demo, and “ganking Snapchat’s most famous features” isn’t the worst way to do that by any means. Facebook is preparing for the next step in social networking. And it’s doing so not just by hedging its bets with Instagram and Messenger and WhatsApp but by throwing everything it can into Facebook Prime and seeing what works: messaging, lenses, geofilters, stories, and anything else that’s popular (on Snapchat). That it’s able to introduce radical and potentially confusing new features like this and not worry about losing users is a testament to how vast and monopolistic Facebook’s network is. That it feels like it needs to is a testament to how quickly the web changes. Facebook hasn’t figured out what’s after News Feed, but it’s preparing for it by trying everything else.
Last, Facebook gets Instagram’s Direct messaging system. Direct is Facebook’s version of Snapchat’s “view once” messaging system.
Yesterday, Sean Spicer gave a press briefing with a piece of some leafy green stuck in his teeth. Today, he jumped from having salad in his teeth to flat out discussing salad at the podium. Frustrated by a question about President Trump’s alleged ties to Russia (which, remember, the FBI is currently investigating), Spicer dropped a comment about Trump eating Russian salad dressing.
“If the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight somehow that’s a Russia connection,” Spicer told American Urban Radio Networks’ Washington bureau chief April Ryan. (He followed up by charmingly telling Ryan to stop shaking her head at him. Can’t imagine what about the salad-dressing nonanswer that was unsatisfactory to her.) Naturally, because Sean Spicer can’t say or do anything — eat gum, tweet his feelings about Dippin’ Dots ice cream, misconstrue satire about himself — without launching a zillion tweets, the Russian-dressing jokes are coming in hot and fast on Twitter.
On the upside, at least nobody is talking about “hand salad” anymore.
Tomorrow may be the most important day in the history of Samsung’s phone division. It will take the stage in NYC to debut the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 Plus. This will make it the first time Samsung’s smartphones have been in the spotlight since the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 began exploding with the regularity of a string of Black Cats — and the company lost not only a chance to own the premium phablet market but also a chance to finally show it could be a true contender to Apple.
The company has suffered through a bitter winter as well. Samsung heir Jay Y. Lee is currently standing trial for bribery, caught up in a bizarre scandal involving the former South Korean president and a cult leader. But that news barely registered in the American media compared to the constant litany of Note 7 explosions.
So, six months later, Samsung is back and prepared to take the stage at Samsung Unpacked, scheduled for tomorrow at 10 a.m. ET at the Lincoln Center here in NYC. Samsung execs I talked to know it has zero margin for error with the safety of its new phones. If even one Samsung Galaxy S8 catches fire on a consumer’s nightstand, the company’s phone division will be in dire, dire trouble. To that end, Samsung has instituted an “eight-point battery testing procedure,” designed to catch battery errors, both from within the company and from third-party suppliers (which Samsung says was responsible for a fair amount of the Note 7 meltdowns).
But it’ll be weeks, maybe months, before we know whether its new safety standards measure up. What will be on full display tomorrow are two phones: the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 Plus. The slightly smaller S8 has a 5.8-inch screen, while the S8 Plus has a 6.2-inch screen, both OLED, meaning both phones should have an incredibly bright and vibrant picture. The iPhone 7 Plus, for comparison, has a 5.5-inch LCD screen, which simply does not provide the same picture quality. (There’s a reason Apple is buying up OLED screens like mad.)
After all, in 2016, the Galaxy S7 actually outsold the aging iPhone 6s for a period. It was a different time and a different context for Samsung — Apple’s rumored iPhone 7 sounded like a dud in the making versus the already-mounting hype behind the iPhone 8. But Samsung doesn’t need a smash hit here, or to crush the competition. It simply needs to show it’s still a serious player in the premium-smartphone game.
And to do that, it’ll focus on two things: screens and services. The Galaxy phones are able to get all that extra screen space because, unlike the phablets of a few years ago, Samsung (along with every other premium manufacturer), is ditching the bezel — essentially every part of the front of the phone that isn’t a screen. It allows you to have phones with noticeably larger screens that still feel slimmer and lighter than the competition. And, yes, it does look like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus will come with 3.5-mm headphone jacks.
Unless the leaks I’ve seen have led me badly astray, the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be the phone to own this spring, period. There is just nothing else on the market with a screen this gorgeous.
If leaks are to be believed, these phones will look amazing — and Samsung has the advantage of getting around six months on the market of being the best premium phone available, until Apple debuts whatever its newest phone will be in October. The chance to own the premium smartphone market, even for a while, has to be enticing.
But then, there are services. And for that, Samsung will roll out its own answer to Siri, Alexa, Cortana, and Google Assistant: Bixby.
Bixby is supposed to do a lot of things: be a personal assistant, control your smart home, understand your location and schedule to make your life easier. It’s fair to say that Bixby faces an uphill battle: While Apple’s Siri has lagged technologically as of late, it’s still the old man of the group and is rapidly gaining a host of Apple services tied into it. Amazon’s Alexa, thanks to becoming a surprise hit, is quickly integrating into more homes, and has become the smart home hub of choice if the Consumer Electronics Show was any indicator. Google Assistant has a massive database of search knowledge to draw on, and better machine-learning divisions to help it understand human speech.
But Samsung thinks it can do something special with Bixby — something that’ll separate it from the pack of voice and phone assistants that have rapidly crowded the market. And Samsung choosing to go with Bixby — instead of, say, just porting over Google Assistant — shows that it believes it has something that’s more compelling than what other competitors are offering.
Tomorrow’s show won’t just be all about phones: A big part of Samsung’s strategy is pushing into being the center of the connected home — the company makes everything from refrigerators to washing machines — so expect to see more home-appliance and smart-home stuff tomorrow. Samsung seems ready to make its next push into VR, using the beautiful screen of the Galaxy S8 combined with a brand-new motion controller to attempt to take on Google’s Daydream.
But for Samsung’s phone division, the Galaxy S8 has to truly impress not just the tech press, which are (frankly) a bunch of monkeys who will get amped up about pixel density. Can it win over consumers who may still associate the Samsung brand with pillows bursting into flames? Judging from the early leaks, I’d say yes — people will forgive a lot of a pretty face, and Samsung has put together a very pretty face.
And more importantly, Samsung doesn’t really need its smartphones to take off. Even after the Note 7 debacle, Samsung still made nearly $8 billion in profit at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. It’s hard to emphasize just how much of the South Korean economy Samsung controls — and how diversified it is, whether that’s making memory chips or OLED screens. If the Galaxy S8 is a success (and if I were legally able to bet on these things, I’d put money on it doing quite well), Samsung will be doing even better than it was. But if the Galaxy S8 should stumble, Samsung the company will carry on — and likely be able to keep its limping smartphone division afloat, at least for a few more financial quarters.
Fun fact: Russian dressing was invented in New Hampshire, and is essentially a glorified combination of mayonnaise and ketchup.
While Uber’s multi-month string of bad news continues, its ride-hailing competitor Lyft has doubled down on trying to be everything Uber is not. While Uber was accused of scabbing amid travel-ban protests at JFK Airport, Lyft pledged to donate a million dollars to the ACLU. While Uber is dealing with a video of CEO Travis Kalanick yelling at a driver and a newly surfaced HR report involving Kalanick and several Uber staffers at an escort bar, Lyft announced a new initiative to let riders round up their fare totals and donate the difference to charity. In a word — one used repeatedly by Lyft’s president, John Zimmer, with Time — Lyft is “woke.”
“We’re woke. Our community is woke, and the U.S. population is woke,” Zimmer told Time. “There’s an awakening … Our vote matters, our choice matters, the seat we take matters.” In February, Kalanick announced he’d be removing himself from his seat on Trump’s advisory council. Lyft does not have a representative on the council. (Though, that may have less to do with making a statement and more to do with not being invited.) “We’re not the nice guys,” Zimmer also told Time. “We’re a better boyfriend.” Sure. If you consider a company backed by “Trump’s Tech Pal,” Peter Thiel, a better boyfriend.
Despite all its wokeness — over-under on how long until Lyft snaps up Matt McGorry for an ad campaign — Lyft still has some big hurdles to hop if it hopes to ever beat Uber. Lyft, as pointed out earlier this month by Recode, isn’t as well known outside of the streets of San Francisco. When people think ride-hailing, they think Uber. There’s a reason it’s called the “Uber for X” economy, and not the “Lyft for X” economy. For all of Uber’s terrible press (and there have been loads), Lyft is going to have to do a lot more than repeatedly label itself with a 2017 buzzword to get riders, and more importantly drivers, to ditch Uber for Lyft for good.
The House of Representatives voted today, 215–205, to use the Congressional Review Act to nullify an FCC rule, adopted late last year, which required internet-service providers to get permission from customers to sell data gathered from their internet use to third parties. The Senate approved a similar measure last week, and President Trump will soon accept the rollback.
At the very least, in no uncertain terms, the government is rolling back privacy regulations meant to protect consumers against invasive data mining. The question is, what does this mean for you?
I’ve heard this means ISPs can just sell my entire online history to advertisers. Is that true?There are a few things to clear up here: First and foremost, the rules being nullified were adopted last fall. They are not long-standing privacy regulations being disabled amid the Trump regime — though the fact that the party of small government is in control of Congress and the White House surely helps. The telecom industry’s position is that its responsibility regarding your data is already regulated under Section 222 of Title 47 of the U.S. Code (though those regulations have more to do with proprietary networking data than user browsing history). All of which is to say that the hypothetical doomsday scenario — that ISPs will sell your whole browsing history, tied to your name and identity, to whoever wants it, the minute this vote is completed in Congress — will not come to fruition.
What is the telecom industry’s stance on customer privacy?Several broadband providers contacted for this story said that they supported their trade organization’s stance in support of the CRA rollback, but insisted they’re transparent with their customers about how data is handled. Thomas Larsen of Mediacom said that the FCC’s 2016 rules are a “smoke and mirrors policy that pretended to address a consumer issue,” while also adding that, “Cable operators have grown up in a world where the sharing of personally identifiable consumer information is not allowed, and we have no intention of sharing that information moving forward.”
Rather, it indicates that ISPs would like to do what Google and Facebook, not covered by the new FCC rules, are already doing: sell anonymized profiles based on data those companies gather to third parties for ad targeting. Even if you’re comfortable with the amount of data that Google and Facebook are collecting on you and repackaging for sale — and you may not even be aware of it — the idea of ISPs doing the same thing is likely to be even more discomfiting: Google can only track you across sites that it owns or has contributed code to; your ISP can track your entire internet-browsing history.
Rich Young, from Verizon, stated in part that, “Verizon has several advertising and marketing programs, and customers are able to make choices about participating in these programs,” and directed me to their privacy policy. (You know, the long block of legalese that everyone definitely reads before signing up for online services.)
Other major broadband providers directed me to statements from trade organizations like NCTA, CTIA, and US Telecom. The latter said in its statement that, “Consumers deserve a single, clear framework for how their private online information is protected and consistent standards for how — or if — data can be shared by companies.”
What’s their argument for rolling back privacy regs?In a conference call with the media today, NCTA experts defended the industry group’s stance in support of tossing out the FCC regulations. (A clerical note: NCTA formerly stood for National Cable & Telecommunications Association, but is now known as the Internet & Television Association. But it is still known as the NCTA in short.)
Their arguments were twofold (and, if I’m being honest, lackluster). First, they reached back five years to 2012, when President Obama named the Federal Trade Commission, and not the Federal Communications Commission, the government body in charge of determining consumer online-privacy rights. In other words, the NCTA does not believe that the FCC has jurisdiction on this issue, despite the fact that they are the body with the authority to regulate ISP practices.
Secondly, the telecom industry believes that it’s being unfairly targeted (boo-hoo), while Google, Facebook, and other enormous, data-hoovering advertising companies are being ignored. The NCTA believes that it needs to “hit the reset button” on privacy regulations, working partially off of FCC guidance from the middle of 2015. The trade org’s attitude is that any privacy regulations that don’t address edge providers like Facebook and Google are insufficient. Which, okay, sure — but that doesn’t seem like a great argument for rolling back those regulations entirely.
(Asked on a conference call whether or not the NCTA would support similar privacy rules that also covered edge providers, the NCTA’s representatives hedged.)
Are ISPs and edge providers equivalent?There’s no doubt Facebook and Google, whose businesses are founded on selling targeted ads based on your browsing history, are presiding over privacy minefields. But the equation of broadband providers and edge providers ignores the fact that ISPs often have monopolies that edge providers do not. Thanks to decades of consolidation and a high cost of entry, the telecom industry is not a particularly competitive field; people can use the internet without using Facebook, but consumers often have little to no choice in who their actual internet provider is. Given the lack of regional competition in the telecom industry, I asked the NCTA why consumers should trust companies that know they have a captive user base. “We operate in ways that promote transparency and try to provide consumers with options for informed choice. That was true before there were FCC rules and that will be true after FCC rules go away,” said James Assey, the NCTA’s executive vice-president.
It is, as far as we know, true that an internet-service provider has yet to exploit its customers’ data in a particularly craven and greedy manner. It is also true that ISPs are pushing back on regulations that ensure it stays this way, and that a lack of industry competition means consumers can’t express their dissatisfaction by leaving a given ISP. And it’s clear where the industry is headed: Last August, in a regulatory filing, Comcast proposed discounted internet rates in exchange for collecting more user data.
But maybe we’re wrong and the telecom industry is really committed to consumer privacy. With any luck, it’ll follow through on its stated preference for comprehensive, uniform privacy regulations requiring both edge providers and ISPs to handle consumer data responsibly. Then again, Time Warner told you it’d be there between noon and two.
What is going on here?Last December, before President Trump was inaugurated into office, the FCC adopted a policy with the catchy name “Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.” Among other measures, this required broadband providers to get customer consent, also known as “opt-in,” before those customers’ internet-usage data — including browsing history and geolocation information — could be shared with third parties. Congress is now exercising its authority under the Congressional Review Act, which allows it to reject policies adopted by regulatory agencies, to toss this rule out.
You may have heard about this because privacy advocates like the Electronic Frontier Foundation (and virtual private network services smelling blood and profit opportunity) have sounded the alarm, noting that rolling back these rules would theoretically allow internet-service providers to share potentially sensitive data without the knowledge of consumers. The telecom industry, for its part, has strongly pushed back against not only these regulations but also the EFF and others’ characterization of them, using a mishmash of arguments about federal authority and fairness regarding “edge providers” — that is, big websites and service providers like Google and Facebook.
Twitter, thanks in no small part to Donald Trump’s, um, interesting tweets, is a bit of a dumpster fire. Now, some unknown engineer/internet hero has devised a robot that is taking said designation very literally. On Tuesday, a new account named, aptly, @BurnedYourTweet began tweeting videos of a small robot that prints out President Trump’s tweets like receipts and then lights them on fire in one, smooth move. It is a thing of technological beauty.
As of now, it’s unknown who created @BurnedYourTweet. The account sent its first flaming missive on Tuesday morning, followed by just ten more over the course of the day. Still, more than 4,000 people have already followed the account. (Worth noting, among the 49 accounts currently followed by @BurnedYourTweet, several belong to creative and advertising agencies and agency employees, so it’s possible the robot is a publicity stunt. Select All has reached out to @BurnedYourTweet and will update this post if we hear back.)
Who knew this would be such a good week for highly lovable robots.
At its simplest, Pix2pix is a machine-learning tool that, by training itself on a database of hundreds of examples, can translate one style of image into another. If tasked with producing pictures of cats, Pix2pix will take even the most amateurish line drawing and transform it into a photorealistic rendition — sometimes spookily accurate, and sometimes just spooky. It can also achieve similar feats with video. By feeding Kellyanne Conway’s facial markers to a pix2pix database trained to recognize Françoise Hardy, Klingemann was able to map Conway’s expressions onto Hardy’s face frame by frame, and while his experiments did not yield perfect results — the background to the video is constantly flickering, and Hardy herself is victim to several jarring zooms — it’s nevertheless a startling demonstration of one of the most exciting breakthroughs in AI image research in years. If developed to their logical conclusion, tools like Pix2pix could well transform the way in which we approach graphic design, photography, and — as Klingemann has demonstrated — alternative facts.
“I think the interesting part is that it allows you to have something like augmented creativity,” he says. “In a way, you start with just scribbling something, and then the network gives you a proposal, and then maybe that inspires you to change things. So it’s kind of this back and forth between you and the machine, but one where you are not only limited to your own imagination.”
Watching throughout has been Phillip Isola, a postdoc in computer vision and machine learning at UC-Berkeley, and one of the original authors behind Pix2pix. “One of the most exciting things is that artists have started to get involved and use the code,” he says. “They, of course, did things that were far more creative than what we envisioned.”
For most of his artistic career, Klingemann’s works had traded on broader traditions within computer art that had been around for several decades, from experiments with code that recognized patterns within large data sets to generative algorithms that could produce weird and wonderful creations within pre-set limits. An artist whose primary goal has always been to build a program that would truly surprise him, he now compares that period to “10,000 bowls of oatmeal.” It wasn’t until the 2015 release of DeepDream, a computer vision program that accentuated subtle patterns it perceived in images to bizarre ends, that Klingemann began to realize the potential of neural networks in creating truly novel works of art. It was partly why he grew so excited about Pix2pix.
Klingemann is an artist-in-residence at Google Arts & Culture, although he is clear that all the work he has done to push the capabilities of Pix2pix has been conducted on his own time. Having first used it to predict the next frame in movies — culminating in what the artist enthusiastically terms his “exploding baby head” — he quickly moved onto using it to enhance both still and moving images that, as the tool was trained for longer and longer periods, resulted in ever more accurate — if ghoulish — translations. At the end of January came a series of portraits resembling Victorian etchings, generated by a version of Pix2pix Klingemann trained on a huge data set of public domain images the British Library had uploaded to its Flickr account.
There’s a catch, however. While conventional GANs are capable of generating images almost spontaneously, they have to be trained on thousands of images to perform a task that has no obvious real-world applications. In their paper “Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks” Isola and his team were more interested in what would happen if the forger was allowed to work with an outline from the beginning. What they ended up with was a tool that took only hundreds of images with which to train and could create passable image translations with direct applications in graphic design.
“Suppose I want to render a room with a chair and a couch,” Isola explains. “I have to have a 3-D artist model that chair and that couch and it’s a really time-consuming process. These new things that we’re working on start to address that question, of how to get that chair there in the first place. [Now] you could just sketch it and [Pix2pix] can just finish it and make a nice-looking 3-D model or image out of that.”
Isola and his colleagues originally worked from the perspective of solving image-translation problems in graphics processing using Generative Adversarial Nets, or ‘GANs.’ GANs are, in fact, comprised of two neural nets locked in a guessing game with one another that Isola compares to the relationship between a detective and a forger. If a GAN has been built to produce pictures of cats, for example, the detective — who has been trained to recognize what a cat looks like from thousands of relevant images — challenges the forger to draw one from scratch. If the picture that is subsequently produced is not recognized as a cat, the detective rejects it and the forger has to start his work anew. Crucially, however, the forger is always learning from his mistakes. “That’s why it’s called an adversarial network,” says Isola. “They both get better until you get these forgeries, albeit generated images, which are quite realistic.”
“With Pix2pix specifically, I thought Invisible Cities really helped to communicate the bigger picture of some of these research strands,” says Kogan. “There is a generality to many machine-learning methods that transcends a specific use case, and that can be lost on a casual viewer if they happen to see just one particular application. Doing these kinds of projects in the workshops can provide a way to experience this ‘aha!’ moment in a very visceral way.”
Perhaps the widest exposure of Pix2pix has been via the website Image to Image Demo, built by Isola’s friend and fellow programmer Christopher Hesse. In February the two met up to talk about the capabilities of the tool over coffee. Within a few weeks, Hesse had built a site that hosted three interactive versions of Pix2pix, something Isola hadn’t done. “When I wanted to do experiments or see what it would produce, I would run a big batch of images on a server and so forth and I wouldn’t see immediate feedback,” he recalls. “What I noticed once I could use this web app that Chris made was that I could learn so much more about the system pretty quickly.”
Isola himself is aware of these drawbacks, and actively welcomes feedback from users like Klingemann on Pix2pix’s GitHub page as interest in the tool continues to grow. The experience has even had an impact on the way he conducts his research, particularly in the importance of writing simple and accessible code. “It’s definitely really exciting, and it does make me think about what the right model for research is in this era,” says Isola. Careful empiricism has its place, he believes, but “[r]ather than necessarily going down every application kind of rabbit hole, which would also get caught up in research, it’s helpful to kind of crowdsource that process and … come up with new, creative ideas more quickly.”
Predictably, it was Hesse’s cat generator that introduced Pix2pix to the rest of the internet, although more elaborate experiments with the tool have since emerged, including an attempted colorization of a short cartoon film and the interpolation of facades obtained from Google Street View onto 3-D block structures. “You can make it [and] have it do anything,” says Klingemann, although his and other users’ extensive exploration of the tool’s capabilities has led to their uncovering several flaws in the program. Training Pix2pix over a prolonged period and on too big a variety of things tends to eat up its internal memory, which can lead to generalizations in the image. Results are also better when the input and the output are geometrically aligned, which accounts not only for the good results seen in colorizing black-and-white footage but also the surplus in nightmare cats.
Over the next three days, Kogan and a team of coders created the “Invisible Cities” project, a demonstration of Pix2pix wherein three municipalities — Milan, Los Angeles, and Venice — were disguised as one another in satellite maps. Inspired by the novel of the same name by Italo Calvino, the team were also among the first coders to experiment with inputting hand-drawn sketches to see how the Pix2pix model would interpret their fantastical creations.
Despite the current level of excitement surrounding Pix2pix, it isn’t hard to chart the probable trajectory of the tool. Although easier to train than other neural nets and with a diverse set of possible applications, the tool still requires hundreds of training images to work properly, therefore putting it out of range of a lot of programmers. This almost certainly means that Pix2pix will remain a cat-creating toy for most people, in the same way the DeepDream visualizations were initially treated as a disturbing insight into the minds of AIs before being dismissed as a passing fad. Even so, Isola thinks that that’s the wrong way to think about it. Instead, it’s better to conceive of Pix2pix as one rung on a long ladder stretching ever upward toward an unknown destination.
“I really love those fun demos and apps, but they will go away,” he says. “I think [they’re] best understood as just visualizations of the moment in research.” Imagining that, it’s a little easier to parse the artifacts and crackles in the images currently being generated into something more ambitious. After all, few expected the idea behind Niépce’s pewter plate to replace painting.
Although GANs had been used to accomplish image translation before, they had usually been confined to applications in niche areas. By contrast, Pix2pix was much more flexible and open to experimentation. One of the first people to notice this was Gene Kogan, a programmer and co-author of the guide Machine Learning for Artists. Kogan was running a weeklong workshop at the Opendot Lab, in Milan, when he first heard about the paper. He immediately showed it to his students. “We started having a discussion about ideas for using it,” he explains. “At first I wanted to replicate the original research and remembered that you could easily get parallel sets of map and satellite imagery from Mapbox’s API, but the whole project kind of spun off very quickly.”
​​Françoise Hardy likely never expected to be possessed by the spirit of Kellyanne Conway. ‘Alternative Face v1.1,’ uploaded to YouTube by the artist and programmer Mario Klingemann, combines a neural network called Pix2pix with facial-marker software to interpose Conway’s facial expressions from her now-infamous Meet the Press appearance onto the French singer-songwriter. While it was his intention to underscore the disturbing nature of the White House counselor’s statement by filtering it through Hardy’s girl-next-door persona, Klingemann didn’t want the technological implications of his experiment to be lost on his viewers either: “If you just put a little bit more processing power behind [fake news] you can create alternative facts that look real, like having another person saying something they never said.”
Here at Select All, we’ve sung the praises of password manager LastPass for some time now. It’s free. It’s fairly easy to use. But, as is the risk with storing all your passwords in any one location, it’s not a perfect system. This week, LastPass announced on its blog that a Google security researcher, Tavis Ormandy, discovered a security exploit in the platform. The issue is a client-side vulnerability that affects the LastPass browser extension. The company is calling it “unique and highly sophisticated,” and says it’ll explain in further detail once it has finished fixing the problem.
Until that happens, LastPass has a few tips for keeping your passwords as secure as possible: If you haven’t already done so, make sure all your accounts use two-factor authentication. (Provided a given platform offers two-factor. If it doesn’t, drop it an email or an angry tweet asking why it doesn’t want its users to be safe.) And, as usual, be careful not to click any third-party links from unknown senders to avoid phishing scams.
Finally, LastPass is recommending all users launch password-protected websites directly from the LastPass vault (that is, not from the LastPass Chrome extension, which houses the vulnerability). “This is the safest way to access your credentials and sites until this vulnerability is resolved,” the company explained. Which sounds like a bit of a pain, but also a small price to pay for not having things go the way of Mark Zuckerberg’s Pinterest boards.
Samsung’s terrible fall and winter came to a close this morning at Lincoln Center here in New York City, with the unveiling of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Thin, nearly bezel-free phones with truly phenomenally large screens (the Plus has a 6.2-inch screen on the diagonal, compared to just 5.5 inches for the iPhone 7 Plus), that are available April 21.
There’ll also be a pair of (pretty high-end!) AKG Harman Kardon headphones thrown in, as well as a new Gear 360 VR headset, along with a brand-new motion controller. Samsung really wants you to buy this phone (and maybe forget about those phones they sold last year that kept catching on fire). The one thing that wasn’t mentioned? Price. (I was told this was due to differences in carriers, but it’s worrying that there’s not even a general range given.)
The camera is nothing particularly new — a 12 MP shooter — but has seen some backend upgrades that Samsung promises will deliver even crisper shots with deeper colors. Honestly, nearly every smartphone takes photos well enough that all but professional photographers are going to happy, so that isn’t a huge selling point. The fact that they’ve upgraded the front-facing cam to 8 MP and added an autofocus feature, which creates a noticeably more-professional-looking selfie.
There’s also that hard-to-describe feel of the phone. Because the screens on both Galaxy S8s are so much larger, you almost expect a thicker phone, or at least a heavier one. But both come in under 200 grams, with the smaller S8 weighing just 155 grams. But the complete elimination of the side bezel and the near-elimination of the bezel on the top and bottom mean you can have a 6.2-inch screen on the Plus and still use it comfortably one-handed — a truly impressive feat the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL still struggle with.
But, man, let’s talk about those screens some more. Samsung has been at the forefront of putting out beautiful screens for a couple of years, moving over to OLEDs long before many competitors (most notably Apple) did. But these put even the incredibly vivid Samsung S7 Edge to shame (an exec did a quick side-by-side demo to prove the point). The screens are technically HDR-capable, the latest buzzword in displays that basically means your dark colors can get really dark and your bright colors can get really bright. You know in every night scene in every movie ever, where it suddenly gets very difficult to tell WTF is going on? HDR takes care of that.
The specs under the hood easily make it best in class. Both sport about as beefy a chip as you can put in a smartphone in 2017. The standard Galaxy S8 packs a 3,000 mAh battery, more than enough to get even heavy users through the day, while the S8 Plus has a similarly burly 3,500 mAh batter.
But Samsung doesn’t just want to sell you a screen and a camera. It wants to sell you a service: Bixby, their response to Apple’s Siri, Google’s Assistant, Microsoft’s Cortana, and Amazon’s Alexa. In demos, Bixby seemed impressive enough — the exec putting it through its paces used natural syntax to make it understand some simple commands, while also moving it seamlessly between voice and touch (something even Google’s Assistant can struggle with). Bixby also promises to recognize where you are and what time of day to perform essentially passive AI — provide you with information before you knew that you needed it. The stuff I need to know in the morning at my home is different from what I need to know at work. There’s also an interesting featuring in Bixby’s ability to search things visually, though they were very constrained demos — Bixby can recognize a bottle of wine by its label! Bixby can read the title of a book! Bixby can recognize a bike! But could Bixby, say, recognize the cut of a jacket? Or a jumble of items on your countertop? Visual search is tough, and it’s hard to say if Bixby’s visual search is more feature than gimmick. It will also act as something like Apple’s HomeKit, able to control parts of your home from your phone.
But it’s hard, really, to say if Bixby itself will be more feature than gimmick. I use a Pixel XL on a daily basis, and I use the Google Assistant perhaps three times a week, mainly to set times and reminders. Partly, this may be that it’s weird to stand in Tribeca and talk to your phone in that stilted “Computer … how … many … restaurants … have … a … full … bar … around … here?” tone. (It’s interesting that the one voice assistant I use every day, Amazon’s Alexa, I use only only at home.)
But there’s the smoking elephant in the room. The Note 7 fires. Samsung has promised that it now has an “8-Point Battery Safety Check” to make sure things don’t start going boom again. It’s a big promise from Samsung — its execs have to know that it will only take one or two stories of an S8 going up in flames for the brand to be irrevocably damaged. The coming weeks and months will be nerve-wracking ones for Samsung; their phone division, once riding high and outselling the iPhone, is now on the ropes.
There’s more stuff Samsung is happy to crow about. You can unlock your phone purely with facial recognition or a fingerprint (maybe not the best security idea, but Samsung clearly thinks it’s something the average user wants). The phone is water- and dust-resistant, has a weird mode that allows it to become a desktop computer, and continues to push the Samsung Connect program — the idea being that it can recreate the closed Samsung ecosystem of products that Apple so successfully instituted.
But this is all besides the fact. Pick up the phone, and it’s immediately obvious that it’s objectively the best phone you can buy right now. As the smartphone market continues to bifurcate, the class of phone buyer obsessed with having the newest and greatest phone in their pocket will want the Samsung Galaxy S8. The problem? September 2017, when Apple’s keynote for its next generation of smartphones (also rumored to be largely bezel-free) will debut.
Samsung has the best phone you can buy on the market right now. But it’ll be interesting to see if that’s true six months from now.
Khaled loves his 4-month-old son, who he describes as an executive producer on all of his music. Earlier this month, he explained to Jimmy Kimmel how Asahd’s reaction helps him figure out where to go artistically. So Khaled, whose brand revolves around relentlessly positive phrases like “we the best,” is his son’s biggest booster. He leaves inspiring comments on Asahd’s Instagram account, which he likely also administers.
What a nice meme about a parent who loves his child! Very pleasant.
But helicopter parenting has its downsides, and it’s now become a running joke about how attentive Khaled is to his son.
Sorry, I’m a bit late on this, but DJ Khaled — the music producer more famous for his Snapchat than any of his music — is the subject of a new meme. Well, he’s not the subject, his son, Asahd, is.
Kindle owners, stop reading. Everybody else … welcome. If you’ve been thinking about making the jump into the world of Amazon e-readers, this is your week. The online retailer has several deals running for Amazon Prime members, taking significant cuts on the standard Kindle, the Kindle Voyage, and, my personal favorite, the Kindle Paperwhite.
But I’m not an Amazon Prime member. Maybe consider joining? Or see if anybody you know or have dated or play shuffleboard with is a Prime member and will loan you their account. Or, not that we’d ever suggest doing this, consider signing up for Amazon’s free Prime trial, ordering your Kindle, and then canceling the membership at no cost to yourself.
How much of a discount are we talking?The Kindle and Kindle Paperwhite are both $30 off, priced at $50 and $90, respectively. The Kindle Voyage is $50 off, currently listed at $150.
Why should I spend money on a device to read books when I’ll still have to shell out more cash for any actual books, too?E-books are markedly cheaper than their physical counterparts. Once you break even on the device itself, you’ll actually be saving yourself money in the long run. Plus, it feels good in hand, and gives you the freedom to read your smutty novel of choice on the subway without anybody knowing.
So which model should I buy?The basic Kindle is just that — basic. It doesn’t have a lit screen, which means your options for reading locations are limited to anywhere you’d be able to read a traditional book. Read: Somewhere well-lit. The Kindle Voyage is swanky, but frankly you don’t need the bells and whistles. At $90, the Kindle Paperwhite is the perfect pick. It’s kind of like the spoon; it does exactly what you need it to do, and there’s really nothing else you could ask of it. It’s portable, efficient, and you can use it anywhere.
What if it breaks. Books don’t break. I’ve been rocking the same Kindle Paperwhite for four years now with zero problems. This includes several drops from my bed to the floor, lugging it around in backpacks and purses, trips to the beach (though I do keep it in a Ziploc bag to avoid sand), and forgetting it in the passenger’s seat of a car left in subzero temperatures for an entire weekend. Before that, I was the proud owner the original Kindle — the one Oprah held up to the world and gave away at Christmas in 2007 — a hand-me-down from my mother, which worked perfectly well for many years. Even if it was ugly as heck. (The new Kindles are much cuter.)
Really, another $40 just to get the one with the screen that lights up? Spend the $40 now and you’ll thank yourself later. The Paperwhite’s built-in light is an investment in never falling asleep with a book on your face and your bedside lamp on again. It’s an investment in letting your partner get some shut-eye, if they’re sleepy and you’re wired up reading The Magicians. Also, it’s worth $40 to keep your partner from storing up mental images of you wearing a headlamp in bed. (This is purely a hypothetical situation.)
You can purchase the basic Kindle, Kindle Paperwhite, and the Kindle Voyage on sale on Amazon until 9 p.m. on April 3. Discounts are applied automatically.
“Congress gave state governments, not the FCC, the primary responsibility for approving which companies can participate in the Lifeline program under Section 214 of the Communications Act. This is how the program worked over two decades, over three Administrations, and over eight Chairmanships,” Pai wrote in his letter. Last year, the FCC established its own designation process for broadband providers, and a dozen states sued to determine authority on the matter. Pai announced that in handing authority over to the states, he would also decline to have the FCC defend itself in court. A few months ago, the FCC denied Lifeline access to nine internet-service providers.
Allowing these same governments to have a greater say in where low-income households are allowed to spend their subsidy will almost definitely discourage competition, and pad the margins of networks already in place. Putting state governments in charge of deciding who gets to compete in their territory favors the incumbent.
This morning, FCC chairman Ajit Pai announced that he would shift authority over the Lifeline telecom subsidy program from the federal government to state governments. Under the program, low-income households receive a subsidy covering telephone and broadband service. The move places state governments in charge of which internet-service providers are allowed to participate in the program.
The main issue with this legally justified move is that it places internet governance in the hands of state and local governments that have a terrible track record of allowing competition in these areas. Laying internet cable and establishing a physical network require getting permission from hundreds of local bodies to dig up streets, and incumbents often enjoy government protection on this front, which prevents competition from growing. It’s why most major cable companies have a regional monopoly and rarely encroach on each others’ turf.
With our first look at the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, see how Samsung ascended from the ashes of a thousand smoldering Note 7 phablets and created the best phones on the market right now.
Most companies that buy ads online rarely do so by selecting sites themselves, and choosing what their ads actually appear alongside. They rely on automated, or programmatic, systems from companies like Google and Facebook, which — in a matter of milliseconds — decide which of their clients to put in the ad unit whenever a page is loaded.
But the programmatic-ad industry is having a rough few weeks. On YouTube, according to The Wall Street Journal, ads for top-tier brands like Coca-Cola and Microsoft were appearing alongside racist and anti-Semitic videos, causing companies to pull their ads.
From the Journal:
There are many upsides to these systems. For advertisers, it makes it simpler to target an intended audience, “men over 40,” “women searching for beauty products,” and so on. For small operations and individuals, it lets them display ads and collect ad revenue without having to sell the space themselves.
This particular dustup comes on the heels of months of criticism over how programmatic-ad platforms allow sites specializing in hoaxes and fake news to draw in tons of revenue by perpetuating misinformation. Google and Facebook have since said that using their ads on sites distributing fake news violates their policies.
The question yet unaddressed is how these practices, if adopted widely, will affect smaller sites and channels that rely on large corporate advertisers casting a wide net. If those ads vanish, so does the only revenue option for many smaller sites.
Now, there are growing questions about how effective these ads even are. Probably the most popular online-advertising metric is an “impression,” when an ad is seen by a user. An audit from JPMorgan found little change in the cost of an impression, even when it reduced the number of sites its ads appeared on from 400,000 to 5,000. The culling, according to the New York Times, was the work of one unfortunate intern.
In keeping with its time-honored tradition of changing things nobody actually wanted changed, earlier today Twitter unleashed a redesigned reply system. From now on, the handle of the person you’re replying to (“@name”) won’t appear in the reply itself, just in small text above the tweet. This means you get a full 140 characters to devote to your replies. It also means you can add as many people as you want (up to 50) to your reply — affectionately known as a Twitter canoe — because character counts no longer matter.
At best, these changes make it slightly harder to stalk who is replying to whom, since you can no longer immediately see the handle of every user involved. At worst, you’re trapped in a nightmarish reply chain getting spammed by a Twitter egg along with 49 strangers. And while it remains as easy as ever to add people to a canoe — just type their handle into the body of your tweet — removing them requires some new, added steps. If you want to only reply to, say, 12 of the 25 people paddling your Twitter canoe, you have to manually remove the 13 other handles you want gone. (Twitter already seems to have heard our complaints and added a single-click option to remove everyone from a canoe at once. Earlier, as noted by Motherboard, this was not an option.)
On Wednesday, FBI bureau director James Comey casually mentioned in public that he has both a Twitter account and an Instagram account, while speaking at a dinner for the Intelligence and National Security Alliance. He hadn’t tweeted once, and the Instagram account had a whopping nine followers; but by Thursday afternoon, Gizmodo’s Ashley Feinberg, in a feat of investigative journalism that I can only hope will be an Oscar-contending biopic by next year, had found what are almost certainly both accounts. (I’ll get into why we can be almost certain below.) On Instagram, he’s @reinholdniebuhr. And on Twitter, he’s @projectexile7, though he uses Reinhold Niebuhr as his full name there, too.
Maybe next time Twitter will consider giving users a feature they are actually asking for, or at the very least won’t hate. My request would be upping the character limit on usernames (the full name that appears on a user’s page beneath their profile picture), so I could actually fit my entire given name. Or taking care of the Nazi thing. Either would be fine.
While Comey probably thought his locked accounts — he has never tweeted and his 3,000-plus Instagram posts are only visible to the nine people he has approached as followers — were safe from discovery, it only took Feinberg four hours. She did it not by searching terms related to Comey’s biography, like Niebuhr (about whom Comey wrote his college thesis) or “Project Exile” (a federal gun-control program Comey spearheaded as a U.S. attorney), but by tracking down his son, Brien Comey, on Instagram. When she requested to follow the younger Comey’s Instagram account, a list of other, “suggested” accounts popped up — including Comey’s wife, Patrice, and a suspiciously anonymous account that we believe to be our man Comey himself.
Reinhold Niebuhr — er, I mean, James Comey — will be fine. It wouldn’t be surprising if he abandons those accounts all together and starts from scratch. But if you’re not the director of the FBI with an abundance of protections and resources, there is a real danger in believing your Twitter or Facebook or Instagram or Xanga account is undiscoverable, when it actually isn’t. Scarier still is the opacity of the algorithms social networks use to suggest accounts — the occult results of black-box formulas into which are plugged free-floating data gathered from around the web. Even if the person seeking you doesn’t know your exact handle or account name, if they can connect enough algorithm-triggering dots — via a person who knows you, dated you, has your phone number, or liked that photo you took when you adopted your dog from the shelter in 2008 — they can find you. Earlier this year, Fusion spoke with a psychiatrist who says Facebook suggested her patients friend each other. The only thing these people had in common was attending appointments with the same doctor at the same location. In England, a British man was arrested for robbing someone at knifepoint, after he popped up in his victim’s “People You May Know” suggestions on Facebook. The internet-surveillance machine is so vast and distributed that it’s impossible to know what little thing you’ve done — what link you clicked or account you followed or photo you liked — that will end up tipping it off to who you are and which people you’re connected to. And once the machine knows, everyone else will, too. There’s no such thing as an anonymous social-media account.
This isn’t a mistake: It’s the way Instagram’s algorithm is designed to work, directing you to other accounts to follow based on a number of signals, including people you follow, people whose images and videos you like, and so forth. As far as Instagram would like things to go, this is supposed to help you find classmates, family members, and fellow succulent lovers. Instead, it just outed a man who did not want to be found (and whose entire job, ironically, revolves around privacy) to the entire world.
Palmer Luckey is, in many ways, the man responsible for the current VR industry. His Oculus Rift headset brought a moribund industry back to life, he was able to bring industry legend John Carmack onboard early, and the company’s acquisition for a stunning $2 billion by Facebook made the whole world take notice.
But the real woes for Luckey started in late summer, when it was revealed that he was behind Nimble America, a collective of anti–Hillary Clinton online posters who were flooding social networks with pro-Trump memes — perhaps better known as “shitposting.”
Early demos with Oculus Rift units were things of legend, spoken about by tech people in the same hushed terms as they might have used after getting to see a working iPhone. After peering around inside the virtual worlds created from a Rift headset, it was easy to believe that this tech was going to change the world as fundamentally as the PC or smartphone. And standing at the head of that was Palmer Luckey.
“I came into touch with them over Facebook,” Luckey told the Daily Beast at the time. “It went along the lines of ‘hey, I have a bunch of money. I would love to see more of this stuff.’ They wanted to build buzz and do fundraising.”
However, today’s news that Luckey has left Oculus isn’t, perhaps, the culmination of some long-brewing fallout for his immature choices. Facebook acquired Oculus on March 25, 2014. According to rumors, part of the acquisition involved Luckey signing a three-year contract. And today is [checks calendar] just about three years later. Weird!
But things didn’t quite turn out that way. Oculus, despite being first to announce, was actually beaten to market by upstart HTC Vive, which also was able to pull off “room-scale” VR, which let you walk around those virtual worlds instead of using an awkward controller. While neither Oculus nor Vive have released sales numbers, one research firm says the Vive has outsold the Oculus nearly two to one, with the Rift selling just a quarter million units. Sony, meanwhile, created an objectively inferior product in the PSVR and is closing in on selling a million units.
An Oculus spokesperson praised Luckey in a statement to Select All: “Palmer will be dearly missed. Palmer’s legacy extends far beyond Oculus. His inventive spirit helped kickstart the modern VR revolution and build an industry. We’re thankful for everything he did for Oculus and VR, and we wish him all the best.”
There’s no word on what Luckey will do next. Lord knows the world always needs another shitposter.
Luckey issued an apology the day after the story broke, but his time as the public face of Oculus — he was the one on the cover of Time — was over. Gizmodo’s William Turton started a “Palmer Watch” after Luckey failed to make an appearance at a major Oculus conference. Luckey made no appearances for Oculus, gave no statements, sat down for no interviews. It’s arguable that it wasn’t Palmer’s support for Trump that made him such a persona non grata in the industry, but instead that he chose to support a group of online trolls and shitposters. Peter Thiel, after all, still sits happily on the board of Facebook.
We at Select All love to hear about the weird and wild ways that teenagers and young people are putting social media to use. What habits and customs are the native inhabitants of the digital world adopting? What new cultural products are they creating? What is the status of the dick pic in 2017? So, naturally, I was fascinated to hear this from a friend: “My brother told me a trick teen boys do in their sexts. They use the Snapchat cut-out tool on their dicks, and paste it on top to make their dicks look bigger.”
Still, I had several questions. How large can one enhance a dick pic via Snapchat before it becomes painfully obvious? Do people actually fall for that? What happens if someone actually does fall for that, only to later discover they were led astray by a Snapchat, well, tool.
“He showed me how it worked and how they do it, but with my face,” my friend explained. “I literally never knew what this tool was until tonight. Teens are fucking wild!” The more I thought about it, the more sense this technique made. Snaps, at the longest, last for ten seconds. That’s hardly enough time to fully register everything going on in a given image. Particularly if you’re really feeling said image.
If you even slightly care about the for-your-eyes-only stuff on your phone and laptop staying, you know, for your eyes only, it’s been a bad couple of months. The Vault 7 WikiLeaks data dump released earlier in March revealed that the CIA has been using off-the-shelf and homebrew hacks to get at Americans’ smartphones, and that they’re not too picky about where they pick up those hacks. The exploit that the CIA might use to record keystrokes on a compromised Android smartphone is pretty much the same as one that would be used by a teenager in a former Eastern Bloc state just for shits and giggles.
One more bit of cheery piece of news that’s recently come to light: The government has been hoarding extremely powerful “zero-day” exploits of consumer devices for years. To use a somewhat strained metaphor, zero-day exploits are the equivalent of someone having a skeleton key to your home that they know about — and you don’t. The exploits are known as “zero day” because they’re present on the first day of a new update to a device’s OS. Standard information-security procedure is for any researcher who finds a zero-day exploit to alert the manufacturer about the gaping holes in their software so it can be patched up; the government has chosen a different course of action.
And that’s not even getting into the stunning rise of ransomware attacking both large businesses and, say, your mom’s old Dell. Or that the rise of the “Internet of Things” is not only making your home much more vulnerable (hackable baby monitor, anyone?), but also allowing the creation and deployment of vast networks of infected “botnets” on a scale simply not seen in history. The government would like to take a peek at plenty of people’s information — but so would plenty of other bad actors out there.
In information security, there’s something people call “threat modeling,” which sounds very Jason Bourne–esque exciting but is actually kind of dull. The Electronic Frontier Foundation has a simple list of five questions you should ask yourself if you want to secure your information:
Meanwhile, since the new administration took control of Customs and Border Protection, there’ve been an increasing number of reports of phones and laptops being violently seized from American citizens at borders — citizens, it must be said, who are either of Muslim-American descent or who might “scan” as Muslim-American to someone working the border. Per data provided by the Department of Homeland Security, just 5,000 devices were seized in 2015. That number grew fivefold, to 25,000, in 2016 — and 5,000 phones have already been seized in the first two months of 2017, putting the DHS on track to seize more than 60,000 phones by the end of the year.
So what is there to do? Computer security is necessarily complicated, in part because everyone has different setups, different needs, and different worries. But security advice doesn’t need to be. We’ve tried to boil it all down to two simple sentences that cover the security needs of 90 percent of consumers (with some explanation, if you want it): One, use Signal on an up-to-date iPhone. Two, use multifactor authentication and a good password manager. If you need better security than this, you probably already know.
(1) What do you want to protect?
(5) How much trouble are you willing to go through in order to try to prevent those?
(4) How bad are the consequences if you fail?
(3) How likely is it that you will need to protect it?
But let’s say you work at a hospital and are responsible for keeping information about patients. In that case, some of the information you keep on your phone or your laptop could, if it fell into the wrong hands, disrupt the lives of thousands; that information could even be held ransom by people inclined to do so (it happened 14 times in 2016). In that case, the consequences of failing to keep that information safe are more drastic — and therefore you’re going to accept a bit more hassle to keep your information safe. You may need to present a few forms of authentication to log into your system, and what you do while logged in may be more closely monitored than your average office drone.
Take me, for instance. Very few people are interested in my digital data. My assets are minimal (brag); the amount of confidential or compromising information I have about other people is almost nonexistent; and there simply aren’t many organizations with the time, effort, and desire to crack open my digital life. I mean, don’t get me wrong: The consequences of every single one of my emails, Gchats, and text messages being hacked and exposed would be personally devastating, but nothing in them would bring down a corporation, alter the course of an international election, or place anybody in personal danger (except myself, depending on how mad some people were about some of the shit I’ve talked over IM). But even I’m still willing to jump through some hoops to keep that stuff relatively safe.
The answers to these questions are obviously going to vary both objectively and subjectively from person to person.
And finally, let’s say you work for the government. Not for the government, per se — you just work for a company like Raytheon or Lockheed Martin and design things for them, whether that’s guidance systems or a liquid propellant to help things go even faster. In that case, the information on your computer and smartphone is both monetarily valuable — other countries and other organizations would pay top dollar for that info — and a national-security risk. At that point, you’re hitting high scores on every single question on that threat matrix, and your ability to access and manipulate your personal data is going to be restricted. It’s just the way these things work.
So, as you think about your security choices, you might want to consider your threat model: Who are you worried about, what are you worried about them stealing, where, and why? Still, whether you’re a low-level lackey like me, a hospital admin, or in the employ of a government skunkworks, we think the following two steps will keep about 90 percent of us safe. Ready? Here’s the first one:
That’s it. Use an iPhone capable of running iOS 10 (that’s an iPhone 5 or later as of March 2017), install the secure-messaging app Signal (or, if you want to make life slightly easier, WhatsApp), and use that as your main communications device.
(2) Who do you want to protect it from?
Feel free to email away from those endless sushi dates that Apple keynotes are always going on about, but besides that, never put any sensitive information in anything besides Signal or WhatsApp. Done!
Both Signal and WhatsApp use something called end-to-end encryption. This essentially means that even if a message I send to another user on Signal is intercepted midway through its journey, it’s encrypted — it’s just a jumble of data — until it’s decoded by the intended recipient’s phone. As of right now, end-to-end encryption is by far the most secure form of digital communication we have.
What’s that? You have questions? Okay, let’s get into them.
So why should I get an iPhone and not an Android?
What if I need to use an Android?
Why Signal?
iPhones are overpriced, lack 3.5-mm headphone jacks, and once forced everyone to download a U2 album because Tim Cook really likes U2. They’re also generally the most secure consumer device out there, simply because Apple’s autocratic view on software and hardware means that nearly everyone updates to the newest version of iOS — that is, the one that has the most up-to-date security patches — much more quickly. Starting this year, Apple is also requiring all apps to run in HTTPS, the secure-browsing protocol that means not even your mobile carrier can tell what data you’re submitting to a website. The Android market is not only huge but remains much more fragmented when it comes to OS update-adoption, and is therefore much more vulnerable.
If you’re going to use an Android phone, shell out for a Google Pixel and then immediately install Signal or WhatsApp. Not only is the Pixel a very decent phone, but it also gets the newest versions of Android before other phones, pushes monthly updates protecting against security exploits automatically, has active scanning from Google for possible threats, and therefore is generally much more secure than your average HTC or LG smartphone.
Signal is an app developed by Whisper Systems that uses end-to-end encryption to allow people to communicate, over text, voice, or video. (It gained a fair amount of popularity during the 2016 election cycle and its immediate aftermath.) You’ll need the other people you want to communicate with to also download Signal, but once they’re on there it’s about as simple to use as iMessage or any other chat app.
What about WhatsApp?
WhatsApp is a bit easier to use, already has about 1 billion people using it, and uses the same encryption protocol as Signal. That said, Signal is more secure with its metadata about its users.
WhatsApp, for instance, while not being able to turn over the content of messages to users to authorities, will turn over whom you were messaging with and when. Signal won’t even do that — it will only confirm when someone registered the app and the last time the user opened Signal, as it proved during a recent case in Kentucky. (There’s also the fact that WhatsApp is owned by Facebook, which may give you pause.)
But weren’t Signal and WhatsApp cracked by the CIA?
Thanks to a badly worded WikiLeaks press release and an overly credulous press, it was widely widely reported that Signal and its ilk had been “cracked.” They weren’t.
What did happen, per WikiLeaks, is that malware installed on certain Android devices allowed the government to see everything happening on a phone, thereby “bypassing” these encryption apps. The distinction between Signal being “cracked” and “bypassed” is an important one.
Signal being “cracked” would be like someone being able to intercept all your email, text messages, and phone calls in transit, read and listen to them, and then pass it along to you, with you being none the wiser. (This is, incidentally, basically what the Snowden leaks revealed the NSA was doing to the American public, and one of the reasons end-to-end encryption apps like Signal, which prevent this sort of information gathering, have become more popular.)
The way the CIA “bypassed” Signal, however, is more like breaking into your home and rifling through your credit card offers, Land’s End catalogues, and two-for-one coupons at ShopRite. It doable, but it costs a lot (the FBI spent around $1 million to crack one iPhone) and it’s just much more of a pain in the ass. Unless you’re starring in your own personal episode of Homeland, your phone is probably not getting attacked in this way — and therefore your encryption apps would not be bypassed.
Fine, fine, but I need to use a desktop or laptop — I can’t use a Bluetooth keyboard and an iPhone 7.
Like we said above, an up-to-date iPhone and Signal will satisfy the “threat matrix” for nearly everyone — your information, even if it is valuable, will be so difficult to get at that in all but the rarest of cases you’re going to be safe. But many of us don’t just use our phone — I’m tapping out this little piece of security advice on a laptop, for instance. So what can you do if you need to use a laptop or desktop? Again, just eight simple words:
But the real issue here is that the PC revolution happened almost four decades ago. Smartphones really only came on the scene in the past ten years. During that time, security measures like sandboxing apps to contain damage from malware, tighter restriction of user permissions, and more stringent app-store certification (or, hell, any app certification) have created an ecosystem for both Android and iOS that’s, on average, more secure than what you get on desktop.
Yeah, yeah, but I have to use a desktop or laptop for work. I can’t just work off my iPhone or Pixel. Can I still use Signal?
Yep! There’s a Signal Chrome client you can run off your desktop; it runs through your mobile connection and remains very secure. (WhatsApp and Telegraph, another end-to-end encryption program, offered similar services but recently saw their desktop clients severely compromised — I’d recommend staying away from them for the time being.)
But, again, there’re two really important things you should do before heading down that path: Use a password manager and turn on multifactor authentication.
What’s a password manager? And which one should I use?
Same as you would over your cell phone, you should also try to avoid sending anything truly sensitive over email. Clients like ProtonMail offer a layer of security, and Gmail (despite Google’s past peccadillos with the NSA) is seen as somewhat trustworthy, but neither is fully secure. Treat your email like you would if you worked by a high-powered law firm or a government agency — just assume anything you put into email form could, at some point, come to light, even if you don’t get Podesta-spearphished. Making dinner plans for Lucali’s? Unless you’re Jay Z or Beyoncé, you’re in the clear. Want to send your Social Security number to your significant other to finalize a rental application? Use Signal, whether on desktop or on your phone.
A password manager will let you set a unique strong password for every site you visit, and then do the remembering for you. You’ll just need to remember one, single strong password (and a second factor of authentication — see below) to access your passwords. Setting it all up it takes about 30 minutes — I use LastPass, but 1Password and Dashlane are also good. Here’s a guide to getting started.
Even if you have a password manager, there’s still a chance someone could break into, well, your password manager. Or a hack could reveal your password in plaintext, which has been known to happen before. Multifactor authentication (MFA) adds one more layer of security in here. (It goes without saying, hopefully, that you should turn on MFA for your password manager as well).
Okay, I have a password manager. What about multifactor authentication?
So, for example, let’s say I’m some nefarious hacker, and I manage to swipe the username and password to your email account, even after you set up a password manager. Your email provider will notice that I’m using a different IP, different computer, and different browser than the one you normally use, and ask for a second way to prove that I am who I say I am. This can be a something like a physically printed-out onetime code you store somewhere safe, or an authentication app you keep on your smartphone, or even a USB physical key (more on that later).
A password manager does what it says on the tin: manages your passwords. It’s nice because it’s one of the few things you can do to make your life more secure while also making it more convenient. If you’re like me, you can maybe remember, like, four strong passwords — that is, long passwords that use a mixture of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols — at any given time in your head, so you end up reusing them a lot. Which means that when a site you use inevitably gets hacked (and one you use almost certainly has — check here for yourself), that unhackable strong password “ActorBarryPepperIsUnderrated!” is now out there in the wild, accompanied by your username or email address, ready to be typed into every major bank and email site by a smart hacker.
How do I turn it on?
To turn on MFA for Google, head here
To do the same for Facebook, head here.
If someone attempts to log on to one of your accounts from an unusual source (usually an IP address you’ve never used, or a browser or OS you’ve never touched), MFA will require a second form of identification. In fact, you’ve probably been using a form of MFA for most of your life — when you present both your bank card and your PIN at the ATM, you’re providing two separate ways of authenticating your ID. With log-in management, the factors are usually something you know — your password — and something you have — generally speaking, your phone, operating an authentication app like the one Google makes.
First off, let’s be clear: Desktops and laptops are just generally much more insecure than your average mobile device. Windows PCs have an enormous install base and have been targets for viruses and malware since Seinfeld was on the air. Macs used to be better (and still have much fewer exploits floating about in the wild), but there are more and more malware exploits out there even for MacBook users.
To turn it on for many of the other online services you use, Lifehacker has you covered for nearly everything you’d ever possibly use.
And finally, even if you’re already taking all these precautions with your laptop, you should really, really get a physical laptop key.
One quick thing to note here: In general, you should avoid any form of MFA that uses text messaging to send out your confirmation codes. It’s relatively easy to bypass this form of MFA (and has been done so quite successfully in the past). It’s also, disturbingly, the only form of MFA available for Twitter users (get ready for @RealDonaldTrump to get hacked — can’t wait for our first international thermonuclear war to be started by bored teeangers).
Like, what, a house key at Home Depot?
Good god, okay, done. Is there anything else I need to do?
Kinda! Again, your laptop or desktop is just much more vulnerable than your phone. A physical key — basically little USB sticks that act as another way to authenticate your identity — add one more layer of security. Some popular ones include YubiKey and Nitrokey. You stick them into the side of your computer, and a lot of the authentication you may have handled via a smartphone app or onetime token is done for you. Plus it’ll make you kinda feel like a spy, though more like this kind of spy than this kind of spy.
Yep! If you want to really go the extra mile, consider full-disk encryption. Your laptop most likely has a password in order to log in, but if it were ever seized, even if you had the strongest password in the world it’s really just a matter of time (think, like, hours or days) before forensic tools could brute-force a way in.
Full-disk encryption is different. It will convert everything on your hard drive into unreadable code to anyone who doesn’t have the proper password. (You can learn how to set it up for macOS here, and for Windows machines here.) While someone may be able to brute-force your log-in password, brute-forcing the encryption on your machine is one of those mind-bogglingly complex tasks that somewhat defy human comprehension. For instance, a brute-force crack on the full-disk encryption key on a Mac’s AES 256-bit encryption would just barely begin to get started before the eventual heat death of our universe. It’s pretty dang secure.
Sigh. Okay, but I can at least travel with this stuff, right?
I mean, you can, but … Even if you’re an American citizen, your Fourth Amendment rights are curtailed at the border, so if a customs or border-patrol agent decides they want to grab your smartphone or laptop and try to copy it, they can. They can also force you to put your fingerprint in to turn on the device (a very, very, good reason to turn fingerprint log-in off). If you refuse to give up passwords, or have full-disk encryption, they can choose to detain the device for as long as they like until they can complete a “routine search” of it. They do not need a warrant or court order to do this. Our best advice? If you’re worried about privacy and security, travel with a dummy Chromebook and burner phone, and delete everything before crossing back over.
This seems like an awful lot of work. How much of this do I really need to do?
Remember back at the top, when we said “use Signal on an up-to-date iPhone” and “use multifactor authentication and a password manager.” That really is all that the vast majority of people need to do (even if you consider yourself a real rebel).
So if you’re truly worried about government surveillance, it’s best to ditch electronics altogether. If you want to communicate with someone securely, only use handwritten notes and onetime pads. Only meet in public places. Read up on tradecraft. Watch Three Days of the Condor a bunch. But, considering you’re reading this on a screen of some sort via an internet connection, you understand there’s a middle ground. Use Signal. Keep your phone up to date. Keep your truly sensitive data off email, cloud services, and (ideally) encrypted. It may seem like an unnerving time out there for digital security — but the tools to protect privacy are advancing pretty quickly as well. It may be a scary time, but it’s also one pretty much anyone out there can manage.
Most of us, even super-brave journalists like myself, willing to speak truth to power about how Donald Trump has a very large rear end, can go through that threat matrix mentioned at the top and realize that we’re just not worth the time. The reason for this? As the CIA’s Vault 7 WikiLeaks exposed, the rise of good end-to-end encryption apps means that the vast net of data collection the NSA was using during the pre-Snowden days has been rendered, to a degree, useless. It’s very expensive, both in time and money, to get a good exploit on someone’s phone or laptop. You need to rise to a certain level before you’re worth the government’s time.
That said, it’s true that the power of the government’s surveillance capabilities are unknown. And iPhones are very secure — until the FBI decides it’s willing to spend whatever it takes to crack one open. End-to-end encryption certainly appears to be secure, but there’s no way to be certain — and government agencies are currently seeking ways to circumvent it.
Still, the rollback should give anyone who uses the internet (so: everyone) pause. It’s a rarely seen, brazen admittance by the telecom industry that it would like to make money not just by providing internet service to customers, but by selling their usage records in some form as well.
Last December, the FCC adopted new rules intended to prohibit internet-service providers from selling sensitive user data — such as one’s internet-browsing history — to third parties, mostly advertisers. Those regulations lasted all of four months: This week, Congress used its authority under the Congressional Review Act to roll them back — the first move in what’s likely to be an actively deregulatory period for the FCC.
This doesn’t mean that you can just call up Comcast and request the internet-usage records for John Doe (or, as some have tried, members of Congress). The Communications Act of 1934 — specifically Section 222 of Title II — still has some regulatory power over the privacy of telecom customer information. What ISPs want to do with your data is more along the lines of what Facebook and Google do — anonymize it, bundle it with reams of other data, and sell it to advertisers looking to target certain populations and demographics. The reason this seems more insidious is that, unlike Google and Facebook, your ISP can see what you do across the entirety of the internet. If Facebook is some dude with binoculars at the top of One World Trade Center, your ISP is a satellite in space.
In the past, the mass mobilization of internet users has managed to stop pro-corporate, anti-user deregulation in its tracks. But that mass mobilization has always been spurred and organized by the large corporations that would be most affected by deregulation. When net neutrality — the principle that ISPs are required to treat all traffic equally — was placed on the chopping block a few years ago, the biggest Silicon Valley companies flexed their muscles. Facebook, Google, and dozens of other smaller (but still rich) companies that benefit from an open, global network rallied 3.7 million users to leave comment with the FCC in support of net neutrality — and spent millions of dollars lobbying Congress and making campaign contributions. Similarly, those same companies used their might when SOPA and PIPA, ill-conceived anti-piracy bills that threatened the internet’s content ecosystem, came before Congress in early 2012.
The difference with this week’s deregulation is that Google and Facebook are not going to help users fight for stronger privacy protection. Both companies profit off of your data in the same ways that your ISP wants to. In fact, here’s an excerpt from a letter Google sent to the FCC last October, defending ISPs and complaining about the new privacy rules: “[A]lthough Google and other companies take strong measures to avoid using sensitive data for purposes like targeting ads, consumers benefit from responsible online advertising, individualized content, and product improvements based on browsing information.”
They conclude: “The FCC should not attempt to draw a categorical distinction between web browsing information and other information — particularly where such a novel and untested approach would unnecessarily increase regulatory burdens on the Internet.” Google doesn’t want regulation that affects its ad business either.
One of the most interesting (and encouraging) revelations of this week’s privacy outcry is how much it cuts across party lines. Trump supporters who spend much of their day online are as invested in a secure, open internet with robust privacy protections as liberal Democrats.
Following this week’s approval of the rule rollback in the House, sending it to the president’s desk to be signed into law, forum lurkers had a good little laugh at how his most ardent online followers, often posting under the cloak of pseudonymity, were worried about the government rolling over for corporations when it came to internet privacy.
This past January, as the ISP-sympathetic, anti-regulatory FCC chairman Ajit Pai took office, I covered how online reaction from Trump-fanatic hives like /r/the_donald was mostly muted. Supporters appeared caught between unquestioning Trump fandom and an appointee who has explicitly promised to dismantle long-standing internet principles such as net neutrality.
Even the most ardent free-marketeers are troubled by these privacy rollbacks because many internet customers have little choice in service providers. ISPs need to get permission from local governments to dig up city streets and lay cable, building out their network infrastructure, and many incumbents enjoy protection from local governments that do not allow competing ISPs to lay a similar foundation, resulting in less competition and stronger regional monopolies. For the most part, the biggest providers have an informal, unspoken agreement not to invade each others’ turf, resulting in de facto monopolies with none of the de jure protections that would come with public infrastructure ownership.
This means that most broadband providers have a captive customer base with no other viable options. If a customer’s ISP wants to monetize their browsing history, that customer often has nowhere else to go, and the potential for a privacy-conscious ISP to conquer the market by providing an alternative is nil. In other words, hoping that free-market competition will fix this situation is foolish.
Leading up to the congressional votes, the telecom industry argued that already-standing policy directives — such as the Federal Trade Commission’s consumer privacy framework, and the Obama administration’s 2012 Online Privacy Bill of Rights — were sufficient user protections.
But the ISPs weren’t wrong about everything. The telecom industry’s main complaint about the now-dead FCC rules was that the regulation did not also cover edge providers — the boring industry term for services running on the internet like Google and Facebook. This meant that while ISPs like Time Warner and Comcast had to obey the new rules, sites that arguably collect as much (if not more) data, like Facebook and Google, did not. The telecom industry thought this was unfair. Their point was that all companies should be governed by similar privacy regulations. They’re right, just in the wrong way.
So let’s recap: Internet-service providers that can see all of your web activity will not support stronger privacy controls. Edge providers that harvest and monetize your data will not support stronger privacy controls. The free market will not conjure a pro-consumer alternative to these models, and Congress has shown neither the expertise nor the investment to do so.
Which means there’s one option left, if we want to ensure an internet free of the nightmare of surveillance: A true grassroots movement in support of online privacy. It’s time to start considering the internet ecosystem we know as something in need of legal protection from government malfeasance and corporate greed. This is the rare issue that people on the left and right can agree on — yet, it gets little public support from those up top. It’s important that we figure out what to fight for, instead of drumming up support when bad legislation makes its way to the president’s desk.
The first step is to determine what, precisely, we users of the internet want. In 2004, then-FCC chairman Michael Powell outlined his four internet freedoms. These are the freedom to access any legal content they want, the freedom to run any application they want, the freedom to access the network using any device that they want, and the freedom to obtain information about their service plans. These are a good start, but are insufficient in a culture now inundated with social media. These points are the bare minimum that we work with now.
In a 2015 talk at the Fremtidens Internet conference in Denmark, developer Maciej Ceglowski outlined six privacy rights that web surfers deserve in the age of tracking cookies and programmatic-ad buys.
The right to download: you should be able to obtain the information that has been collected about you. You should be able to know how companies harvesting your data are tracking you. A few years ago, Facebook users became worried after they came to believe that the service was collecting status messages that users typed out, even if they didn’t actually publish them.
The right to delete: you should be able to delete said information from those services. This means a hard delete that actually wipes it from storage, rather than a soft delete that just makes the data inaccessible. (A fun economic fact is that one of the reasons that companies collect and retain so much data is that it’s actually cheaper to buy new physical storage than to truly erase data.)
The right to go offline: Internet of Things devices like smart TVs shouldn’t need to have internet access in order to perform basic functions. They need to have hardwired switches that completely turn off their wireless capabilities.
Less invasive ad-tracking: Ad-tracking, Ceglowski argues, should only be based on the content the ad is placed against, and what the site you are visiting knows about you. “This ban would eliminate much of the advertising ecosystem, which is one of the best things about it,” he said.
Lastly, there should be legitimate consequences for violating these principles, ones that should make companies fearful of violating them, rather than blithely spending their way through insufficient fines.
It is, admittedly, easy to let this issue slide as a minor one compared to the many others facing Americans today. But the internet is now essential to many of your day-to-day functions — not just how you talk with friends, but where you shop, manage your finances, search for a job, and find out what’s happening in the world. It can seem weird, in a moment when toxicity online feels like it’s at an all-time high, to think of the internet as something worth fighting for, but it is. It’s time to protect it.
These are solid, justifiable, actionable things that anyone concerned with privacy, on the left or the right, should be asking for. Companies and Congress will say that more regulation will be too heavy a regulatory burden, yet they already contend with much stricter privacy laws in the European Union. They will also claim that they need all of this data in order to customize your experience — they are lying. The deck is stacked against consumers. It’s time to ask for clear, actionable privacy laws, and break up broadband monopolies.
Codifying privacy rights is important, but there are other actions that we can take as well. On a state-government level, 20 states have laws, written at the behest of large telecom providers, that prevent municipalities from offering their own broadband option, snuffing out competition before it can even exist. Those laws should be repealed (the FCC tried to challenge a few of them and failed because it has no authority to overturn state law).
Limits on behavioral data: the number of signals that companies collect on any given web page is shockingly high. They can measure everything from how long you watch a video to where your mouse hovers to which of your friends’ profiles you’re most interested in, and then behave accordingly. That behavioral data currently lasts forever. Ceglowski rightfully believes it should expire, and be wiped from the server after 90 days.
There are a number of ways these rights and responsibilities could be implemented. Here at Select All in January, cybersecurity expert Bruce Schneier proposed a federal “Department of Technology Policy” that would, among other things, ensure security, enforce regulations, and protect consumers. He wrote :
A photo-editing app is only as good as its ease of use. Remember how fun Meitu, the cutesy Chinese photo app, seemed at first. That was until you downloaded it, realized it would take 92 steps to yield a decent finished product, and promptly gave up. Today’s hot new app is pleasantly simple to use. Memoji, FaceTune’s newest app, lets you turn selfies and images from your camera roll into animated emoji GIFs. You’ve got 11 animations — including meme classics like hearts for eyes and devil horns — to choose from, and once you’ve finished your creation, it’s super easy to save it as a video, image, or GIF file to send and share. And, best of all, you don’t need to make an account. Just download the app and get to meme-making.
You can use your front-facing camera in the app to turn your selfies into emoji. Or, and this is frankly more fun, you can use images stored on your camera roll. Exhibit A: Look how much better this screenshot of Danielle “Cash Me Outside” Bregoli is when you add some steam curling out of her nostrils.
Here, we have the ghost of Steve Jobs swooning over some hot new tech.
And here’s DJ Khaled, tearing up because his recent spike in meme popularity is already dying down.
Memoji is currently only available for iOS. Here’s hoping FaceTune updates it with the latest emoji coming this spring. The vomit-face emoji feels like it would have a lot of potential here.
Why can’t I just use iMessage on my iPhone? That’s encrypted, right?
Well, yes, but there are some issues there. First off, iMessage (or as Apple now dubs it, just plain Messages) has had numerous security flaws exposed throughout the years. This can mainly be blamed on Apple’s insistence on keeping its encryption proprietary. While any security researcher can review Signal’s encryption techniques and spot potential problems, that’s not possible with Apple, which chooses not to make its code open-source. There’s also the issue that Apple stores part of the encryption key needed to decrypt a message on its own servers. Cracking those servers and then cracking those keys would be tremendously difficult — it would require the resources of a national-security program, not a couple of kids in an IRC chat room — but it’s still possible. The government has made it clear that they’re frustrated by the inability to read what people send to each other on their iPhones, meaning those Apple servers may be hard targets — but also tempting ones. The only place Signal’s encryption keys are held are on each user’s device — unless someone seizes your actual phone, your messages are always going to be encrypted. Finally, there’s the fact that iMessages are only encrypted if you’re chatting with other iPhone users — anything you send to some schlub using an Android device is perfectly readable to anyone who wants to intercept it. So if you want to stay secure, you’ll need to stay in your bougie blue bubble.
Because Snapchat’s chief function is private messaging, it’s never really given users easy ways to search the app to find content to watch and people to follow. They’ve added a few features — universal search, this hack that helps you find official stories and celebrity accounts — but it’s still not the most convenient or intuitive app on the block. Today, the company announced another search function to help alleviate some of those issues. Now, users can search the app for keywords — think your favorite basketball team or “Spring Break” or “puppies” — to find stories featuring their chosen topic.
To be clear, the stories you’ll be finding are composed of snaps submitted by Snapchat users to the public Our Story; you won’t be able to find personal stories from private users. (The reverse here means people won’t be able to find your drunken Saturday-night story — which you’ll 100 percent delete once you see it in the sober light of day — either.) Snapchat will be using a number of markers — including caption text, time of day, and the images in the snaps — to determine which story, if any, it fits. The feature is currently available in select U.S. cities. Here’s hoping the next search option the company introduces gives us a way to search for users to follow. Until then, enjoy the puppies I guess.
“We’ve built a new way to understand what’s happening in Snaps that are submitted to Our Story, and to create new Stories using advanced machine learning,” Snapchat explained on its blog. “You can search over one million unique Stories on Snapchat.”
However, one teen does not a trend make. I set off to find any other young dick-pic sender (or recipient) who might shed some light on this maneuver.
Sadly, upon speaking to a number of young people, it seems the dick-pic-enhancement hack is more of an urban legend than a genuine practice. “I’ve heard of [people doing] it, but only as a joke,” a male college student said. “Lmao, nah, I’ve never heard of that,” another student told me. “I wouldn’t put it past some of the guys in my grade to do that,” a different man added. “I mean, it’s honestly pretty clever, not gonna lie. Stuff like that [sexting], in general, while using Snapchat, is pretty common.” Still, this could catch on, you never know. “My friend [name redacted] is 100 percent gonna start doing this now that I asked him about it,” one source said after texting their GroupMe chat to discuss the dick-pic maneuver. “Thanks for that.”
Twitter is now ditching the egg. Instead, you’ll see a nondescript, gray silhouette on any account that hasn’t uploaded a profile pic. It’s fine? Unlike the colorful eggs, the new image is meant to be “generic, universal, serious, inclusive, unbranded, and temporary,” product designer Jeremy Reiss told Fast Company. Users are supposed to want to change it.
The Twitter egg — the iconic, simple white ovoid against a flat color background that is the default avatar image for all new users — is an easy marker of someone that you should ignore on Twitter. Because anyone who hasn’t uploaded a profile picture gets the egg by default, whenever you saw an egg, you’d know that whoever was talking to you (or yelling at you) was new to Twitter, hiding their identity, technologically illiterate to the point where they didn’t know how to change their profile photo, or all of the above. It got to the point where “Twitter egg” became a derogatory phrase. If you want to try and debate someone in bad faith, find your nearest egg.
Rather, Twitter losing the egg feels more like the company trying its best to abandon the features and symbols of its insular, and sometimes forbidding, culture. The egg announcement comes a day after Twitter ditched the “at-reply,” a defining feature of the service. (To reply to users on Twitter, you used to type the “@” symbol before their display name.) Or rather, it wasn’t really ditched so much as it was overhauled and minimized. The @ still exists, but it no longer counts toward character limit, and it’s editable like you’d edit the list of people in a group text.
One could see Twitter’s ditching its toxic branding as a surface-level fix for its harassment problems, but the move comes weeks after the service (finally) rolled out tools to help curb abuse. Among those options was a filter that screened out newly created accounts, the ones most likely to sport the egg pic; and a filter to just screen anyone sporting the default pic, regardless of how old their account was. So concrete tools dealing with harassment often tied to the avatar already exist, even if the default avatar itself has changed.
The loss of the at-reply and egg avatar is far from the first signal by Twitter that it would like to move past its reputation as a media-centric, troll-filled, power-user paradise — a year ago, it introduced to great outcry an algorithmically sorted timeline that promoted popular posts, as opposed to one that displayed posts in a strictly chronological manner. Twitter’s willingness to part ways with core aspects of its identity has been a long time coming. It has always felt like an all-or-nothing platform: You either fully understood it or had no idea what was going on, and that made it difficult for Twitter to acquire and keep new users. Rather than try to get new users up to speed on how the power users do things, Twitter now appears more inclined to drastically change the formula — possibly because the power users, even as they gripe, know that they’ll never leave the service.
But there’s something that feels particularly emphatic about the loss of the egg and the @ symbol, which were maybe the two most prominent visual markers of what you might call Twitter culture. Neither change is likely to save or doom Twitter. But future social-media historians looking for ways to divide eras of Twitter could do worse than check March 2017. Twitter — the site once made notorious, intimidating, and amazingly vibrant by eggs, threads, and canoes — is on its way out. Whatever comes next will be named Twitter, but it won’t feel like the service its longtime users know.
Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg are also expecting a second daughter in the near future. Just think of the bicep-curl opportunities.
How much can Mark Zuckerberg bench? is a question that has haunted mankind for centuries — or is, at least, a question that was posted, once, on Quora. We may never know the exact answer, but we do know one thing: The guy can do some pull-ups. His secret? Being a parent.
To access the feature, just head into the app and click the Ms. Pac-Man button. Simple. At last, a prank of her own. You can make any stretch of road into a map, but I recommend aiming for somewhere gridlike, such as mid-Manhattan (the area around the Holland Tunnel is not great for Pac-Man, I can personally attest).
Despite the fact that April Fools’ Day is tomorrow, tech companies are pulling the trigger on their annual pranks this year one day early, in a show of complete disrespect for the Roman calendar and the weekday tech bloggers who thought that this year they wouldn’t have to cover bad pranks.
Perhaps the one good tech goof this year is a rehash of an old one. Today and tomorrow, in Google Maps, you can turn the streets into a giant game of Ms. Pac-Man, swiping around and gobbling up ghosts. Google did a similar prank with Ms. Pac-Man’s husband, Pac-Man, a couple of years ago.
My friend’s brother, a high schooler whose identity will remain a secret to protect the innocent, swears he has never done this himself, but he knows people who have. Okay? Okay. But a cursory search of Twitter appeared to reveal that others have:
Snapchat’s scissor tool, which has been available since December, allows you to cut out portions of an image from a photo to create paste-able stickers. It’s good for plastering a photo of your face with tinier pictures of your face (you can make the stickers as large or as small as you like) to create whimsical, slightly narcissistic mosaics. I hadn’t thought much about using it after the initial novelty wore off … that is, I hadn’t thought much about it until my friend texted me.
So you could consider this the digital dick equivalent of a particularly aggressive push-up bra. And honestly, beyond the whole nudity thing, using the scissor tool to enlarge your genitalia doesn’t feel that much different from using any number of the existing Snapchat filters, which smooth your skin, thin your face, or make you look like a very hot puppy.
The White House just released the official portrait of First Lady Melania Trump. It is … something. While Trump herself — decked out in an all-black ensemble and two diamond rings — looks perfectly fine, the photo is so heavily edited that it’s hard to focus on anything else. The portrait has some serious 1992-school-picture-day vibes, complete with so much blurring effect, it’s amazing the First Lady has any discernible features at all. Add in the fuzzed-out White House windows in the background, and you’ve got yourself the backdrop for a retro music video, and the foundation for an easy meme.
Here’s hoping Melania’s next portrait will have actual lasers.
There is perhaps no tech bromance more heartening than the one between Mark Zuckerberg and Vin Diesel. One controls the most powerful information-distribution network in the world (Facebook), the other controls the most powerful film franchise in the world (The Fast and the Furious saga). Diesel also controls one of Facebook’s few remaining bright spots, a fan page known as the Vinbook, where he posts fanart, karaoke videos, and posthumous tributes to “Pablo,” Fast co-star Paul Walker.
In an interview with the New York Times this week, Diesel also credits the thirtysomething billionaire with convincing him to return to the storied xXx franchise after more than a decade away.
The Vinbook is such a powerful force for good in this cruel world that it caught the eye of Zuck himself, and the two struck up a relationship. The pair presented together at the Breakthrough Awards, a Silicon Valley industry awards show last year.
Congrats to these two famous friends! Zuckerberg has not publicly expressed any interest in joining the #FastFamily, but he has been getting conspicuously swole over the past year. Anything can happen.
Asked about his conversations with Zuckerberg, Diesel said:
As Marissa Mayer’s days at Yahoo are drawing to an end, her almost-former employer is inching toward finally closing that deal with Verizon. (Everybody pause and say a prayer that nothing else over at Yahoo gets hacked in the next few weeks.) According to a report today from Business Insider, once Verizon acquires it, the plan is to merge Yahoo with AOL. From there, a source told BI, the newly merged companies will get a, um, snazzy new name. Drumroll please …. introducing (reportedly) Oath.
Oath. Oath. OATH! It’s a word that has the built-in ability to stop looking and sounding like a real word if you type it and say it enough times. (Oath. Oath. A thousand times Oath.) Verizon’s acquisition of Yahoo should be complete by the end of April, though there’s still plenty of time for either party to back out of it. At that point, assuming the deal is a success, Yahoo’s name will also cease to be Yahoo. Instead, the company has indicated it will be going by Altaba, Inc., from that point forward. So technically, the artist formerly know as Yahoo, soon to be known as Altaba, will be merging with AOL to form Oath. Here’s hoping somebody over at Verizon sets them up on a playdate with Tronc. Kids whose parents gave them silly names need to stick together.
The future of Apple laptops is, well, grim. The MacBook Pro’s initial launch late last year was overpriced and underpowered. If you (or your company) have a problem with having too much money, you can wait a few more months — there are rumors that an update will be coming that will see a model with 32 GB of RAM and a Kaby Lake processor added to the MacBook Pro (just barely making it equivalent to PC laptops that will likely cost thousands of dollars less). But for those at the lower end of the spectrum who don’t want to pay at least $1,300 for the widely panned 2015 MacBook? You’re kinda outta luck.
But the Air line seems to be dead, as Apple attempts to shepherd former Air owners back into the main MacBook family. So what, if anything, will replace the Air for Apple fans who still want and need something light, capable, and affordable?
It’s never been cheap being an Apple fan, but right now laptop owners — especially anybody working on an aging machine — are in a tough place. Apple’s new offerings, to me, are frankly overpriced for the amount of value you get. And to my mind, the MacBook Air line of computers was perhaps the best set of laptops Apple ever put out. After a shaky first generation, the Air became the smart, sleek, and cheapish laptop of choice for me and millions of others.
The first thing to note is how aggressively Apple is pricing everything except the iPad Pro, Apple’s keyboard and stylus flagship tablet. As Cybart puts it:
It may be the iPad, Apple’s once-white-hot tablet that many had written off after years of declining sales. Neil Cybart over at Above Avalon does some great detective work, looking at both the sales numbers for the iPad and how the company is, uncharacteristically, suddenly pricing certain models to sell.
Apple slashed the entry-level price for the 9.7-inch iPad to $329 from $399. Special $299 pricing for education institutions is also available. This is an aggressive pricing strategy considering Apple was selling the 9.7-inch iPad Air 2 for $499 as recently as 12 months ago.
But Cybart also breaks down those declining numbers of iPad sales, and finds something surprising: It’s not that sales of iPads as a whole are declining, just iPads with smaller screens. In fact, iPads with larger screens are actually seeing small sales increases.
But more than that, it would solve two problems for Apple. One: what to offer to people who want something like a laptop — laptop sales have been solid and unchanging for long enough that it seems people will continue to use something like them for the foreseeable future — but don’t want to pay $1,300.
Two: Apple has, in some ways, been getting straight-up knocked down in the laptop game. The Microsoft Surfacebook, the Lenovo Yoga, or the premium Dell XPS 13 all offer a form factor that, once you use it, is hard to give up — the ability to switch on the fly between using a tablet and a traditional clamshell laptop. In addition, spend any time around a kid younger than 10, and you’ll see they get visibly confused when screens aren’t touch-sensitive; they expect that if they touch the screen of whatever device they’re using, it’s gonna know what’s going on. Those kids stabbing at the TV and wondering why nothing happens may not have much disposable income now — but that’ll change soon, and it’s been strange that Apple’s laptops have so completely ignored a domain it arguably created: the touch screen. It may be that Apple simply was relying on the iPad Pro line to pick up that slack.
Apple is a manufacturer caught in a strange bind. They have to maintain a strong laptop and desktop line, or risk losing those core evangelical fans that spread the gospel of Apple to any comment thread that’ll have ’em. But they’re also a company whose fortunes are largely bound to small, touch-screen computers that people carry in their pocket. How do they square that circle?
Maybe they just make those small, touch-screen computers a bit larger, throw in a physical keyboard for old people like me who still can’t screen type that fast, and put just enough juice into the rest of their laptops and desktops to keep the fans happy — while selling iPad Pro laptops to every college kid in sight.
Now, the iPad OS as currently envisioned doesn’t behave like a typical laptop, and some might find using an iPad with a keyboard, mouse, and stylus untenable for their daily workflow. But Apple, as seen in a recent series of ads, clearly believes iPad Pros can compete with traditional laptops, especially Windows-based PCs.
This presents Apple with an opportunity. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro starts at just $600, and comes to $850 total if you buy a keyboard and stylus. The 12.9 iPad Pro starts at $800, and is $1,070 with a keyboard and stylus. These numbers make it competitive with similar tear-away laptops, like the Microsoft Surface (though there’s still a bit of a Apple premium to be paid).
Remember Dunkaroos? Those individually wrapped packs of cookies that came with a side of frosting for, well, dunking. Have you ever played basketball? Have you ever plunged a mozzarella stick into some marinara sauce with particular force? I hope you said yes to at least one of those questions because describing those motions is the only way I can prepare you for what you are about to witness in the form of a baptism video.
The original tweet featuring the clip included a more earnest caption, which translates to “free from sin for life.” Weirdly, that tweet didn’t perform nearly as well as the one comparing the baby to a chicken wing.
It’s safe to say that among the class of Mac users who use their machines for professional reasons, there’s been some angst. Apple’s latest line of MacBook Pros, even with a goofy DJ demonstration on the touch bar, failed to move many, leading to a cottage industry of advice for people who need to use laptops for actual processor-heavy work (video editors, graphic designers, developers) about what PC laptop they should switch to.
There was even more grumbling that Apple’s presentation in October simply failed to mention its three desktop options: the erstwhile high-spec Mac Pro, the iMac, and the Mac Mini. It’s now been 1,202 days since the Mac Pro has seen any sort of update, and over 700 since the iMac desktop has seen anything as well. With pro users actively fuming, Apple clearly thought it had to do something. So it did what it almost never does: It admitted its mistakes, and did an apology tour with a group of journalists invited to the Apple campus.
Instead, Schiller wanted to emphasize that Apple is still actively courting what it considers the “pro” market. John Gruber quotes him extensively:
Matthew Panzarino of TechCrunch, Lance Ulanoff of Mashable, Ina Fried of Axios, John Paczkowski of BuzzFeed, and John Gruber of Daring Fireball were all invited deep inside the guts of the Apple campus — right to the room where prototypes are machined into existence — for a sit-down with Apple bigwigs Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi, and John Ternus, along with top PR hand for Apple, Bill Evans. The subject: Apple would refresh the Mac Pro at some point in the future (all Apple would say on the record is “not this year”), and the iMac will see a complete refresh later this year.
The Mac, whether in laptop or desktop form (Apple says it currently sells about 80 percent laptops and 20 percent desktops), is a relatively small part of its overall business. Its quarterly earnings reports show how much the iPhone has come to dominate its revenue stream. It could quietly stop making computers altogether and only lose 10 percent of its overall revenue.
And during the meeting itself, Apple said only about 30 percent of its Mac users use “pro” applications — that is, programs that require the beefy specs that have been lacking from its desktop lineup for a while.
So, only a minority of its users of an already-small part of its overall business would care about seeing a new Pro. But Apple still thought it was worth it to gather five journalists together to reassure them that it is still designing for that market, that changes are coming, and that it knows it’s messed up and is going to fix it.
This out-of-character meeting obviously shows Apple’s own anxiety about losing the pro consumer. Microsoft and other PC manufacturers are aggressively releasing their own desktops and laptops that promise the beauty of an Apple computer, with higher specs or more interesting form factors than what Cupertino currently sells.
But Apple’s laptop and desktop brands are still based around this value proposition: Pay more for our machines because the beauty and simplicity of our OS allow you to be more creative. This mantra — “think different,” and everything it implies — necessitates that top-end creative professionals keep the love for the Mac that many have held for decades. And if that means doing a small “mea culpa” in front of a group of sympathetic journalists, well, it’s a small price to pay overall.
The meeting itself was light on actual breaking news. It’s been well-known that new iMacs were coming this year. News that Apple will update the Pro is welcome news to those who have limped along on a device that hasn’t seen a real update in 1,202 days, but that update (not counting the small updates Apple will release for the Pro later this year) could still be years away. The one bit of actual, real news: The Mac Mini is probably dead.
“This is an unusual thing, to get together like this,” said Schiller to those in attendance. “This is in between product announcements. There’s no black drape that’s going to come off something right now. That’s not why we’re here.”
There’s a clip of The Eric Andre Show called “Hannibal’s Pretzels” that I find strangely applicable in a multitude of situations. In the segment, comedian Hannibal Buress goes down a line of pretzel-filled bowls, trying different brands of pretzels. He gets through two, Rold Gold and Tiny Twists, before asking an offscreen producer, “What is this segment? Pretzels are the same.” The joke asks what the point of debating pretzel nuance is when, at the end of the day, they all taste like pretzels. They’re all pretzels; you know what they taste like.
As Recode illustrates with an excellent Venn diagram, the biggest mobile apps in the world — Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, WhatsApp, Snapchat, and Messenger — are all, basically, the same: some unholy mélange of News Feed, live video, disappearing posts, and private messages. All of this has recently come to a head as Facebook has started aggressively copying Snapchat’s defining features, with little effort to put its own spin on it. To be fair, ripping someone else off is a long-standing tradition in the consumer-tech industry.
There are at least two ways to think about this: One is that all of these apps are slowly congealing into the Platonic form of “mobile social app.” The other is that each one is becoming an overstuffed tech nightmare, as the companies that control them (and Facebook owns four of the six) hedge their bets on the future of social media.
One reason to buy into the latter theory is how well this diagram illustrates Facebook’s increasing lack of clear identity. Unlike most of the others, the main Facebook app doesn’t really have a defining “thing” that it does well: Twitter’s defining unit of content is the text status, Instagram owns photos, Snapchat owns disappearing messages, and none of them is particularly noteworthy when it comes to live video. Facebook’s brand identity as of now is less a clear product feature and more the Intangible Bottomless Maw Into Which All of Your Online Activity Disappears. Which is, I guess, impressive, but doesn’t really seem like a great pitch plastered across a billboard. And as Facebook forces new features into Instagram and WhatsApp, it runs the risk of giving those apps the same identity problem.
This is not really a crisis for Facebook, of course. In a perfect world, all of these incestuous apps cyberfucking each other would leave them vulnerable to a true game changer entering the arena with a defining, unique feature and upending the spectrum. My personal opinion is that most apps should do one or two things well — the way Instagram did for the first few years of its existence — rather than everything. (That’s kinda how we got into the current looming crisis of an internet centralized under half a dozen corporations.) In reality, as Facebook’s no-longer-veiled willingness to rip off its competitors to stay on top shows, it’s probably just going to be these companies forever, gobbling up anyone smaller than they are. It’s similar to why Coke and Pepsi have been locked in an exclusive two-party battle for the last half-century: Anybody else who comes close just gets swallowed up or crushed.
Anyway, that’s apps now.
If you follow anybody in tech journalism on Twitter today, your feed has likely seen a fair number of mentions of Mastodon. Which, sadly, isn’t because the Ice Age–era beasts are making a comeback or because Mastodon the band has a new album. (The platform is, in fact, named after the band.) Mastodon, in this context, is an open-source social platform that’s been around for about six months now, but is picking up speed today, thanks to nods from Sarah Jeong at Motherboard and Casey Newton at the Verge. It’s kind of like Twitter, except for all the ways it’s not. Which include …
Mastodon’s character limit per post is higher. Unlike Twitter’s standard 140 character limit — which, in a painful design change, no longer includes user handles in reply tweets — Mastodon gives users a little more room to breath. Or whine. Or pontificate. The limit is 500 characters.
Posts are called toots. Mercifully, if you share someone’s toot on Mastodon, it’s called a boost and not a retoot. To like something is to favorite it, a callback to the days before Twitter forced exploding-heart animations onto our timelines. As for layout, Mastodon feels a little like TweetDeck, with columns for your toots, toots from the people you follow, your mentions, and (unlike Twitter) a timeline of all public posts being shared by every user on the platform.
Mastodon is “decentralized to commercial platforms.”Unlike Twitter, you don’t have to worry about what happens to your content should another company purchase the site. “It [Mastodon] avoids the risks of a single company monopolizing your communication,” Mastodon explains on its entry page. There are no advertisements allowed, and the site is funded, Motherboard notes, by some guy in Germany on Patreon for just under $1,000 a month.
You’ve got a lot more control over your privacy.Like Facebook, users can opt — on a post-by-post basis — whether they want their content to be public or private. There is also the option to label a post as “unlisted.” Unlisted posts are viewable to the public, but do not get shared on the local and federated timelines. (Timelines of public toots from all users.)
There are no Nazis, and Nazism is forbidden. Mastodon was developed by Eugen Rochko, who is German. Unlike Twitter, which has been struggling (and largely failing) to deal with its Nazi problem, Mastodon’s terms of service are clear, and expressly forbid “content illegal in Germany and/or France, such as holocaust denial or Nazi symbolism.”
It’s been an impressive few days for Mike Cernovich, the alt-right personality you may last remember tarring one of his online enemies as a child molester, despite a complete lack of evidence. Sunday, Cernovich broke the news that Barack Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice had requested the so-called “unmasking” of the names of Donald Trump–campaign and transition figures who were swept up in the surveillance of foreign targets. Since then, that story has metastasized in alt- and far-right corners into what looks like a Benghazi-lite. Despite the fact that experts agree there was very little shadiness to what Rice did, a furious cohort of online alt-righters are now convinced Cernovich has uncovered a Watergate-level web of crime and corruption, proving that Obama used the power of the State to attack Trump and those close to him.
Along the way, Cernovich has picked up some kudos from high-ranking people close to Trump:
As many people have pointed out, it’s strange, given Cernovich’s history, that such high-profile figures would want to be associated with him at all, let alone to praise him so publicly. There’s a short and solid rundown of some of his most inflammatory material here, but among other things, Cernovich has said that “date rape does not exist”; has presented all sorts of interesting theories about the potency of some men’s semen; has spread made-up rumors about Hillary Clinton’s health; and once claimed that “There is no oppression” of Syrian refugees, and that “The media lied” about their plight — based on the fact that he saw a group of them playing soccer in Budapest. And he is deeply, deeply conspiracy-addled:
These are the sentiments the White House is hoping to stoke. Conway and Trump Jr., and everyone else in their orbit, want to fuzz things up as much as possible — to further close the gap, in the mind of news consumers, between the ABC Newses and Mike Cernoviches of the world. And, of course, the gonzo outlets themselves take an active role in said fuzzing. Take, for example, Cernovich’s claim that the New York Times and Bloomberg News were sitting on the Rice story, but refused to report it, and that he was leaked the story by a supposedly extensive network of IT-worker spies in the nation’s mainstream newsrooms. “I’m showing you the politics of ‘real journalism,’” he said in a recent video. “‘Real journalism’ is that Bloomberg had it, and the New York Times had it, but they wouldn’t run it because they don’t want to run any stories that would make Obama look bad, or that will vindicate Trump. They only want to run stories that make Trump look bad, so that’s why they sat on it.”
By the normal standards of journalism and fact-checking and so on, all of these outlets and figures have repeatedly shown that they shouldn’t be trusted with a story about a stranded kitten. But that doesn’t matter, given the current level of rancor and media Balkanization. From the point of view of the many, many people who inhabit this corner of the internet, the liberal-media establishment has failed so spectacularly, is so corrupted, is so infested by liars and demagogues and shills, that there’s no comparison: Even if Cernovich messes up from time to time, of course he’s got more integrity than, say, ABC News.
But in the broader context of (call it) the White House’s media-reorientation project, boosting Cernovich makes perfect sense. Given how hostile things are between Trump and the entire mainstream media, and how much damage the mainstream media have done to Trump, the administration has shown a strong desire to marginalize traditional outlets and raise up far- and alt-right ones, no matter how gonzo they are. Take, for example, the administration’s decision to grant press credentials to Gateway Pundit, a site that serves as a key node for all manner of far-right innuendo and rumor. Or its ties to Chuck Johnson, the crusading far-right journalist-vigilante-troll who infamously misidentified the anonymous subject of Sabrina Erdely’s collapsed Rolling Stone story about rape at the University of Virginia.
The claim that mainstream outlets won’t run stories that hit at Dems is of course demonstrably false, as is Cernovich’s claim that the Rice story “vindicates Trump’s claim that he had been spied upon.” But, of course, these specifics don’t matter — what matters is how aggressively Cernovich is tickling an overactive part of the far-right id, one that is obsessed with the idea that mainstream journalism is an utterly corrupt enterprise. If you believe this, then you can forgive the occasional weirdness with regard to date rape, or the occasional burning of the wrong witch, or a complete lack of understanding of policy details here and there. What matters is, these guys are on the right side, and they’re set to overtake those corrupt dinosaurs who have controlled the flow of information for far too long.
Eccentric billionaire Elon Musk has taken on several new projects in the past few years as part of his plan to usher humanity into a future straight out of science fiction.
Today in memes you didn’t know you needed: SoundCloud versus Bandcamp. First spotted by The Fader, “SoundCloud versus Bandcamp” pairs two contrasting photos, each representing one of the two popular music-streaming sites. On the left is SoundCloud, whose musicians tend toward what Fader aptly characterizes as “emo-rap”; on the right, Bandcamp stands in for “the lo-fi releases of artists like Frankie Cosmos.” The OG SoundCloud versus Bandcamp tweet from Twitter user @jsmithyeet has been retweeted nearly 10,000 times.
The meme, obviously, works for musicians, but it also works for just about any other object. As long as the one on the left is a little more extra than the one on the right.
Fresh off her appointment as “special assistant to the president,” Ivanka Trump gave an interview with CBS discussing her new role. (Remember before the election, when she swore she wouldn’t want a White House position even if her father won? Simpler times.) In the interview, Trump addressed comments that she’s complicit in her father’s administration. She said she’s only complicit if the definition is “wanting to be a force for good and to make a positive impact.” She followed up by saying she does not “know what it means to be complicit.”
Similarly to what happened after Kellyanne Conway spoke about “feminism,” dictionary searches for the word complicit spiked. And, also similarly, Merriam Webster was quick to point it out on Twitter, with a handy link to the definition for the president’s newest special assistant, as well as anybody else who might be googling.
Complicit. Adjective. Meaning “helping to commit a crime or do wrong in some way.” Alternatively, the name of a very good SNL skit.
Yesterday, Pepsi released a less-than-inspired ad featuring Kendall Jenner handing a can of Pepsi to a police officer, amid a sea of protesters who were protesting, well, something. (For peace? Against peace? It’s unclear.) The ad is tone-deaf, to say the least, not least at the moment Jenner hands the soda to the cop — who knew a cola was the answer to police brutality and racial inequality in this country? — in mimicry of the now-famous photo of Ieshia Evans being arrested at a Black Lives Matter protest in Baton Rouge. In Pepsi’s version, it’s Jenner ripping off a blonde wig and wiping away her lipstick to join the protest party.
Hours after the ad came out, Pepsi committed — despite growing outrage — to standing by its ad with a statement. (The company would renege and pull the ad a day later.) “This is a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony, and we think that’s an important message to convey,” Pepsi said. To be fair: People from different walks of life came together yesterday in a spirit of harmony, to bomb on this ad.
The hot, new social-media destination this week is an app launched last fall called “Mastodon.” Mastodon is, for the most part, a Twitter clone that lets users post 500-character messages onto their timelines, send @ replies, and favorite each other’s “toots” (not tweets). Over the past week, it’s experienced a dramatic spike in user growth, nearing about 50,000 users, as Twitter rolls out changes to its user experience that irk power users, like new methods of formatting replies.
Mastodon does have a considerable number of strengths that set it apart from its competition. It’s open-source — meaning that others are free to use, alter, and deploy the site’s backbone as they see fit — allowing small communities to set themselves up outside of platforms like Facebook. It’s also ad-free and pledges not to use or sell user data, which is a nice sentiment that plenty of companies have pledged, before being pulled down by the weight of their own promises.
While those rules are part of its terms of service, there is also little doubt that Mastodon’s lack of Twitter-like toxicity is due to its small size. It’s not that hard to find 50,000 people online who aren’t Nazis, and are mostly pretty nice (not that Mastodon doesn’t have spats). So one question is: Can it maintain its peacefulness as it grows? As of right now, the cost of running Mastodon, which includes supporting Rochko’s living expenses, is just $800 a month (his Patreon page pulls in at least double that currently). That’s a fraction of the operating budget of any large-scale social-media platform, and as platforms grow, costs multiply. Stricter terms necessitate more eyes; one could argue that being laissez-faire about the content allowed on your social-media platform is a way to keep costs down, which is why so many platforms are loose with the rules. Servers, maintenance, personnel, legal representation, content moderators — even the biggest companies rely on human eyes to figure out whether something is in violation of their terms.
But while Twitter’s laissez-faire attitude toward harassment rules may have helped it scale cheaply, it’s also become a liability. Really, Twitter’s biggest misstep might have been branding itself a “global town square” where people with diverse viewpoints come together — and then crossing its fingers and hoping that people act respectfully. Anonymity and pseudonymity make it effortless to be an asshole online.
But the biggest upside to Mastodon is that there are no Nazis on the platform. (I’m saying “Nazi” here, but I also mean toxicity, harassment, brigading, and general nastiness that has come to plague Twitter.) Partly, this is because Mastodon, developed by German citizen Eugen Rochko, is guided by German law — which prohibits Nazi imagery and Holocaust denial — and not by some vague affection for the First Amendment, as Twitter is.
In this sense, Mastodon might have an advantage. If you’re depressed enough, you might imagine that the only option is now to keep everyone in their separate ideological and behavioral corners — Tumblr, Reddit, 4chan, Discord, Voat, Gab, Mastodon — occasionally venturing out into the “neutral” No Man’s Land of Twitter or Facebook to try and change some hearts and minds. If this is the case, then maybe Mastodon can stay Nazi-free, but that all depends on motive.
While creating strict anti-harassment rules can have a serious effect, and Twitter’s hesitance to take action on the issue for years definitely emboldened trolls, history shows that trolls will always disregard rules; that’s kinda the whole point. Put together a raid on 4chan or in IRC, find a target, and flood it with trolling and harassment via throwaway accounts. If you get blocked or banned, just create another until your target logs off, deletes their account, or calls the cops. Breaking the rules, implicit or explicit, is part of the appeal.
Ultimately, the question of Mastodon’s future might come down to the familiar debate over the intent of online white nationalism. Are the people tweeting KKK Pepes doing so because they wish to express their beliefs? Or because they want to trigger some snowflakes? If it’s the former, balkanized social networks seem like the inevitable, tense future of the internet. If it’s the latter, then nowhere is safe.
Twitter shot itself in the foot by positioning itself as upholding free speech above all else, emboldening racists and sexists and homophobes to flood peoples’ mentions. Being clear about content guidelines from the jump works in Mastodon’s favor, and protects it from charges of hypocrisy. But if, by some weird stroke of luck, Mastodon is more than a flash in the pan and starts attracting sign-ups by the thousands, that’ll attract people looking for a fight, hidden by the veil of online anonymity, and up against a shoestring operation. We know what happens next.
Your move, Coke.
As anyone who has tangled with Trump supporters on Twitter can attest, there is an aggressively swarming quality to that crowd. In seemingly a blink of an eye, your mentions can become swamped by the MAGA crowd. The sheer aggressiveness and prolificness of Trump’s Twitter army has led many people to speculate about Russian involvement — that many of them are bots being controlled by some central operator.
That story of the alt-right’s crossover success is a bigger one, of course — here’s a Columbia Journalism Review story on it — but Bernstein’s account of MicroChip’s success brings to mind an important concept from political science: preference intensity. Let’s say you have a town of 100 people evenly split on the question of gun control. But whereas all of the 50 people in favor of gun control are only moderately so, and fit their advocacy for gun control into broader, busy lives, the anti-gun-control folks are incredibly fervent. They are single-issue voters, and they spend 30 hours a week, on average, lobbying the local politicians to enact looser gun laws. This is an oversimplified example, of course, but the end result is likely to be that, although the town is split on gun control, the policies its leaders enact tilt more toward the preferences of ardent Second Amendment fans.
As the story of how MicroChip first built his Twitter empire shows, his strategy was part social networking, part software:
Something similar is going on with social media and communities like the alt-right. They don’t have the numbers of their ideological opponents, but they have way more obsessive figures who devote hundreds or thousands of hours to one goal and one goal alone: virality. “It’s high volume and it takes work,” MicroChip told Bernstein. “You can’t take a break — you sit at the screen waiting for breaking news 12 hours per day when you’re knee-deep in it.” His accounts are constantly getting banned, but he has new ones set up to jump into the game whenever that happens. Even if there are five anti-Trump folks for every one MicroChip, it is very hard to compete with that level of obsession. (It’s no wonder that there’s so much overlap between the alt-right and 4chan, given 4channers’ propensity for constantly being online and devoting untold hours to their “ops.”)
And social media, particularly Twitter, is built in a way that privileges that sort of obsession. If you know how to “hack” the ways Twitter spreads information, you can have an outsize impact. This can explain, for example, how it sometimes feels like Twitter is absolutely infested with rabid anti-Semites, when in reality there just aren’t that many of them. Those with the strongest preferences to spread pro-Trump or anti-Semitic or whatever other sort of propaganda on Twitter, and with the know-how and free time, are at a huge advantage. They really can, as MicroChip’s story shows, change the world. Mostly for the worse.
MicroChip, Bernstein explains, is “a notorious pro-Trump Twitter ringleader once described by a Republican strategist as the ‘Trumpbot overlord.’” Bernstein got the first interview with him, and it turns out that MicroChip’s twitter proficiency can explain a lot of what’s been going on since the alt-right first embraced Trump.
But according to a fascinating new article from BuzzFeed’s Joe Bernstein, for a big chunk of those accounts, at least, there’s a simple explanation: the evil-genius Twitter organizing of an online figure named MicroChip.
In much the same way, Mike Cernovich admitted to the New Yorker that he is much more concerned with whether a hashtag or meme would travel well than with whether it is true, and that figuring out what works is a constant process of experimentation and iteration; MicroChip, too, cares about one thing and one thing only: getting pro-Trump, or anti-anti-Trump, stories to trend. And while Cernovich has a big microphone of his own, MicroChip has developed a massive network of smaller ones that, through their combined effort, often manage to break through to the mainstream.
Update, April 5, 2017, at 1:21 p.m.: Pepsi pulled the ad, just one day after releasing it. The company provided a statement and apologized to Kendall Jenner.
From Pepsi:
Starting today, Facebook will be changing the way it tackles the problem of revenge porn — sexually explicit media shared without someone’s consent, often to shame and hurt them. Users will be given a new option to report images and videos they believe might be revenge porn. Facebook will then review the flagged media and remove it if it violates community standards. “In most cases, we will also disable the account for sharing intimate images without permission,” Facebook’s head of global safety wrote in a release. “We offer an appeals process if someone believes an image was taken down in error.”
However, the bigger change is what happens after an image is reported. Facebook will now use “photo-matching technologies” to attempt to stop the spread of an image, by storing blurred (for anonymity) copies of removed images which will only be accessible by a small team of Facebook staffers, Reuters reports. This applies across all of Facebook’s properties, including Messenger and Instagram. If someone re-shares a previously reported and removed image, it will be taken down and the user will be notified.
The revenge-porn updates are the latest in a series of changes for the platform that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg laid out in his nine-zillion-word manifesto earlier this year. Other goals included getting people more involved in government, a challenge Zuck is trying to tackle with a feature called Town Hall, which connects people, via phone and email, to their local elected officials.
At the end of March, Facebook rolled out a feature for “stories” — short-term video posts that delete after a set period of time — on its main app. It is, as you probably guessed by the name, cribbed almost entirely from Snapchat, and follows Facebook-owned Instagram’s addition of Snapchat-style Stories in 2016. Which means right now, your phone is witness to the social-media equivalent of Oprah yelling, “You get stories, and you get stories, EVERYBODY GETS STORIES!” And because you can’t get away with ripping off a mega-popular app like Snapchat that easily, people started to turn Facebook’s less-than-innovative, new feature into a pretty good internet gag. Which is maybe bad news for Facebook, but great news for anybody who likes a meme and a laugh at Mark Zuckerberg’s expense.
Select All, for the record, will not be getting Stories.
It does get any bigger than this. Thanks to a recent Snapchat update, users can now change the size of the paintbrush in the app. For years, fans have had to use one single brush size, stuck trying to fill out the screen by frantically swiping their finger back and forth. But no longer.
To change brush size, all you need to do is tap into the tool and pinch to expand the dot — it’s very simple. If you need help using the pinch method, contact your nearest youth.
Here’s a demonstration in two screenshots.
Okay, that’s it!
Earlier this week, Pepsi released an ad featuring Kendall Jenner amid a sea of protesters. In the clip — which Pepsi has already deleted and apologized for — Jenner hands a can of Pepsi to one of the police officers overseeing the protest, and, voilà, all tensions between protesters and police are erased. Aping Jenner’s move, an activist at a Portland City Council meeting stood up mid-sentence and handed the mayor a can of Pepsi. It, unsurprisingly, did not end well.
Unveiled last week, Samsung’s new Galaxy S8 has many new features its top-of-the-line competitors don’t: bezel-free screen, Bluetooth 5.0, an OLED screen that looks better than 95 percent of TVs available on the market. But it also has something they all do: a voice assistant.
Bixby is Samsung’s attempt to start fresh. It will, ostensibly, one day let you do anything with voice you can do with touch (right now, that’s limited to ten or so Android apps and some basic phone functions). Bixby also has visual search, which lets you point your phone’s camera at something and get information about it, whether that’s where to buy a dress or information about the Flatiron Building; Bixby will also perform “passive” artificial intelligence, using what it knows about your schedule and location to provide information before you even ask for it. (Is traffic going to suck on the route to pick kids up from school? Bixby will let you know.) And you can use Bixby to control various smart objects in your home, whether that’s dimming the lights before movie night, or gradually waking the house up by turning on your coffee maker and your favorite radio station.
But in the six years since voice assistants have hit the scene, from Siri to Bixby, they’ve stopped really being about your smartphone. (And, in the case of Amazon’s Echo, stopped being about your phone at all.) Oh, sure, they’re all still information devices — any of the options listed above will tell you what time the Cubs play the Cardinals today, or how the weather is going to look for today or tomorrow, or when the next showing of The Boss Baby will play at the local multiplex.
But I wonder about Bixby. Google Assistant promised to be a game changer, but I’ve been using a Pixel XL for half a year now, and use it mainly to set timers and alarm clocks. I’ve used it occasionally to send texts (something I’d imagine I’d use a lot more if I drove on any regular basis), but for the most part, Google Assistant goes unused and unspoken to.
But the sense I get talking to various people in industry is that the true promise for tech companies and voice assistants isn’t in being a walking, talking information directory. Instead, it’s about the industry’s strong belief that the smart home, despite slow adoption rates, is coming — and that the smart home is going to need a voice operating system, one that can understand and respond primarily via voice commands. Ask anyone who uses an Echo or Google Home on a regular basis — having to go back to pulling your phone out of your pocket just to check the weather can suddenly feel like a chore. Just writing out these examples makes me cringe with first-world privilege, but it’s true! I would much rather bug Alexa about playing WNYC in the morning, or finding out if the Mets won last night (they did not), than doing any of those things from my smartphone. Now imagine that same feeling, but for turning off your lights, or locking your doors, or closing the shades. Speech, now that voice recognition has hit a certain level of competence, is simply a more frictionless way to interact with your devices, particularly when you’re busy doing other things, like making dinner or taking care of kids.
Siri was a minor sensation when it first launched on phones — I eagerly upgraded my own iPhone in 2012 because I was moving to L.A., and figured being able to ask for directions or send a text on the go would be helpful while driving. But Siri was less than advertised, so text messages were hilariously garbled, and map directions (especially via the still-buggy Apple Maps) were often less helpful than just relying on the fact that the highways always sucked and side streets were the way to go anywhere, so Siri quickly became another voice assistant I just stopped talking to.
There’s one final piece of the smart-home puzzle. When I talk to people who actually make devices for the smart home, most will quietly admit that the average consumer is not installing a smart lock on their front door, or ripping out and replacing their existing thermostat. When the smart-home revolution comes, it will be done by a few very techy DIYers, but mainly by home contractors who are increasingly being asked to either upgrade existing homes to include smart functionality, or are building new homes whole cloth with smart features built in.
But to control all those Neato functions will mean you need something to talk to. The consumer choice, in other words, will not be between which smart-home-security system to install, but how they control that home-security system. And so Samsung’s Bixby, Apple’s Siri and HomeKit, Google’s Assistant and Home, and, of course, the Amazon Echo would all like to be that thing you talk to. It’s not a market that lends itself to fragmentation — I don’t want my washing machine using Bixby, but my home-security system running off Alexa — so all of these companies know that competition will be tight, and losers will be squeezed out. And the sooner you start feeling comfortable talking to your device, the better chance that company has at being the one that eventually welcomes you home each evening.
Samsung has made no secret that it wants to be at the center of the smart-home revolution. Unlike Google or Apple or Amazon, Samsung also produces refrigerators and washing machines and microwaves, and has been pushing the Samsung Smart Things Hub for years, a way to get your Samsung fridge and dishwasher and oven talking to each other and on the same page. It didn’t gain as much notice as the new Galaxy S8, but Samsung is quietly releasing its own set of mesh Wi-Fi routers to compete with things like Eero, Luma, and Google Wifi — and each will also work as a Samsung Smart Thing Hub. Samsung is also seemingly ready to really open up its ecosystem to third-party appliance makers, seeing how quickly Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s HomeKit have taken the world by storm.
Meet Bixby, Samsung’s new voice assistant (or, as they’re technically known, intelligent personal assistant). Previous Samsung phones used S Voice, a voice assistant that was little loved and annoying to use (and, indeed, was outclassed by Google itself toward the end of its life cycle).
“Not a good move,” Mayor Wheeler says in the video. “Not a smart move.” Which, sure. But then he follows it up with an uncomfortable comment that the interaction would have “ended differently” if it had happened at the Boston City Council, instead of Portland’s. Maybe it’s because he left out the part where Jenner rips off a blonde wig and pumps her fist in the air. That’s why it didn’t work.
When Morgan Jacobs, an eighth-grader at the University School of Nashville in Tennessee, gets off from school and sports at 5 p.m., she hops onto Houseparty, a group video-chat app launched last fall by the founders of now-defunct live-video start-up Meerkat. Over the course of an evening, she might open Houseparty to chat, do homework, and goof off with her friends, most of whom aren’t old enough to drive.
Apple’s video-editing app, Clips, officially rolled out today. Is it worth downloading? Here’s the good, the bad, and the unnecessary.
Many of today’s top social-media apps, on the other hand, have core user bases that are a different demographic than the developers. The co-founders of Houseparty, Ben Rubin, Itai Danino, and Sima Sistani, are in their late 20s and early 30s, veterans of the Israeli military, Bay Area tech scene, and parenting. Their understanding of teenage mores is less lived than anthropological. They’ve had to learn, through trial and error, what young(er) people like.
It’s a departure from a decade ago, when Facebook and Twitter were first ascendant. The product success of that generation of social media companies was in large part attributable to fundamental intuition of what their users wanted — because their users were like themselves. Mark Zuckerberg was a nebbish student at Harvard when he built a website where other Harvard students (and eventually people around the world) could see what everyone was doing, dating, saying. Kevin Systrom was a 20-something with a Leica camera on vacation in Baja California with his girlfriend when he came up with the concept for Instagram. Reid Hoffman’s membership in perhaps the most powerful professional network of all time, the so-called “PayPal Mafia,” had already cemented his reputation as a rainmaker by the time he founded LinkedIn. Each of these companies could rely in their early days on their existing physical social networks to recruit employees, and they could always turn to their own friends to ask for feedback on whether their product was appealing.
Josh Elman, a partner at Greylock Partners who has invested in both Musical.ly and Houseparty, talks about this kind of communication as crucial to growth. With Houseparty’s college tour, “It wasn’t just, hey we need to go market this. It was hey, let’s go sit down with a group of people who might be really attracted to this product and let’s go learn what they like and don’t like. Let’s throw a little party and see if they have fun with it. Then you walk away, and if they like it, then you have a bunch of people who know about the product, and if they don’t you have a bunch of feedback.” As it turns out, they did like it. Social networks depend on network effects to thrive, and nowhere are they more dense than in schools and among young people. By May of 2016, Houseparty peaked at number three on the Apple App Store. In August, it fell to a ranking in the thousands in what the team would later realize was a seasonal reflection of the school year: teens actually used Houseparty more when they saw each other all day in class. As of February, users spend in the ballpark of 20 million minutes a day on Houseparty.
Houseparty, for instance, spent the spring of 2016 touring high schools and colleges in the midwest and South, introducing the app to a select group of representatives and taking feedback on everything from the number of people that should be allowed in a Houseparty “room” at once to the mechanism by which contacts would be notified that someone was on the app and ready to socialize. In choosing schools, the team sought out the generic American teenager, purposely avoiding coastal, tech-heavy hubs where 15-year-olds have phones full of the latest YC offerings and aspire to be venture capitalists. In the early days, this often meant tapping alumni networks and younger siblings or cousins of friends of friends (Morgan Jacobs’s cousin Tracy went to college with Houseparty employees, and Jacobs was a tester/early adopter. She later pulled many of her friends at middle school onto the app). But there were also many users, especially as the app gained traction, who reached out on their own accord, asking how they could help.
Other companies in the genre have gone even further. Musical.ly, the lip-syncing app, engages in what its founder, Alex Zhu, calls “participatory design.” User feedback is solicited on a continuous basis in giant WeChat and WhatsApp groups. “In every design, especially every major feature design,” he said, “we always first present the idea, have a conversation with users, share the mock-ups and wireframes, before we do any coding.” For Zhu, a late-30s Chinese immigrant who spent the first half of his career building enterprise software, Musical.ly’s user base is the result of conscious, almost calculated analysis: “For a new social platform today to take off, it’s better to have young people as an early adopter, especially teenagers in the U.S. Why? They got a lot of time. They’re creative and in schools, they’re already using YouTube for educational purposes, so everyone is a professional in video-making and editing,” he said. Having settled on an audience, he worked backward to create a product. Zhu noticed on trips to Silicon Valley that teenagers were either listening to music on their phones, or taking videos and plastering stickers on them. Musical.ly bridges those two functions, and, lifted by the popularity of Spike’s Lip Sync Battle, was an almost immediate hit. Today, Musical.ly, headquartered in Shanghai, has over 40 million monthly active users, most between the ages of 16 and 24, and the chat groups serve as a virtual conduit. “We have daily conversations not only about the product and ideas, but just … talk, understand what they think, making jokes, be immersed in the American teen experience,” Zhu said.
What Elman disputes is the notion of a single old-young product axis. “We wanted to appeal to something that was fun, as opposed to something that was serious. A lot of the products out there today are like, how many likes do you get, or just the most austere picture you can take on Instagram.” He talks about how while the first wave of internet companies fulfilled utilitarian needs and the second introduced the concept of an online identity, today’s social-media apps, enabled by the ubiquity of unlimited data plans, challenge users to be a more different, multifaceted self. “One of the reasons that I think Snapchat really took off was that your identity was one that kept morphing, as opposed to sticky and permanent,” he said. “Musical.ly became popular because it allowed people to be creative in a way they had never been able to capture before. And Houseparty grew up because it was communication that was human, live — different places — with multiple people around.” Elman believes this third wave is still in its nebulous early days, and as an investor, gives his companies the time and runway to experiment. “See if you can build something that teens like. See if you can build something you can get anyone else to like.”
I first heard about Houseparty and Musical.ly from friends of mine in San Francisco. We are in our mid-20s, and the dominant social media of our lives has been Facebook. We were in sophomores in high school when the site was founded and juniors in college when the company went public. While we’ve all used other social-media apps too — Instagram came along in 2010 and Snapchat in 2011 — the post-and-respond model pioneered by Facebook is what we know best. When I introduced Houseparty to millennial friends, it confused them that as soon as you opened the Houseparty app, you were on video, and anyone could join you. That asynchronous mode of communication is as nonintuitive for us as a front-facing camera is intuitive for teens, and that’s the other reason that new apps have often started out by aiming at the Gen Z market — “The older you get, you’ve already got a bunch of ways of connecting to people, so trying something new is transformational,” Elman says. “If you were in college when Facebook was going up, you used Facebook a lot, and then when you grew up, you continue to use Facebook … The generation after that is doing different things, trying out different products.” Teens represent unclaimed territory for start-up founders, traditional advertisers, and influencers, whose charisma Musical.ly has already started to monetize with virtual gifts. And they’re more open to paying for things online the way they do in real life, because online is real life. One day Houseparty may well eschew Snapchat Stories–style native advertising in favor of something even more personalized — subscribe to “Houseparty” with Justin Bieber! Hailee Steinfeld! Alex from Target!
Over time, it’s become apparent that despite the much-talked-about market segmentation, the very best apps appeal to wide swathes of society for a wide variety of reasons. “At the end of the day, we’re all people trying to connect to other people,” Elman says. “I think a lot of these products are fundamentally universal, even if people have to explore the app and get there in their own time.” Even though teens often dictate the public perception of how a product should be used, the best apps are reinterpretable. I use Houseparty to communicate with my closest classmates from college, scattered across the world and impossible to pin down for a Skype date over email. My sister, who is a year younger, uses Houseparty to watch The Bachelor every Monday night with a group of girlfriends. My mom uses Houseparty to communicate with my sister and I. And teens — teens use Houseparty to do what teens have been doing in real life for millennia — a guy and a girl will go into a Houseparty “room” by themselves and “lock the door.”
Jacobs is a member of “Generation Z” — teenagers born between 1996 and 2010 whose “post-selfie” tech habits have propelled forward a whole new wave of social-media apps, among them Houseparty, lip-sync app Musical.ly, and Q&A app Whale. Buoyed by the success of Snapchat, these often whimsical, video-focused products collectively attract hundreds of millions of minutes a day of eyeball time and have turned adolescents like Jacobs into such a valuable source of intel in Silicon Valley that investors are following their Twitter conversations and inviting them home for dinner.
The GoodThe most handy thing about Clips is the “Live Tiles” feature. You just press and hold the record button, start speaking, and watch as the app auto-creates captions to go over your photo or video. (There are several aesthetic choices for how you want your captions to appear, like a typewriter-style font or a bold print across the center of the screen.)
The Bad/Less GoodThe app offers pretty limited options in terms of what you can decorate photos and videos with. There are about two dozen emoji (Clips shows your most-used emoji in these slots) and another dozen stickers — the time, your location, a few arrows — to pick from. Since the app is already cribbing — the comic-book filter feels very similar to last year’s hot photo app, Prisma — it would be nice if Apple took a page out of Snapchat’s book, and added a doodle tool to let users draw directly onto their content. Title cards are editable, but this isn’t entirely clear. Unless you tapped and added one, you’d never know you can change them from presets like “The End” to whatever you’d like.
The Unnecessary I spent about half an hour messing around with Clips to create a 14-second video. It was a lot of, hmm, what does THIS button do — and in the end, I had a short, dumb clip featuring a stuffed dog and the sound of my own voice. While Clips might be handy for the sort of person — social-media star, video producer, influencer wannabe — who is consistently making and sharing video content, I don’t really see myself ever using this app. It’s certainly easier than using iMovie, but there’s not much Clips does that I’m missing in apps I already use regularly. (Could I see somebody using this thing to cobble together an hour-long video documenting a family vacation? Absolutely.) Snapchat Stories (or its illegitimate twin, Instagram Stories) gets me about 75 percent of the same functionality, with the added bonus of having a built-in distribution platform. If you want anybody to actually see your clip, you have to export it and then upload it elsewhere, like Facebook, Snapchat, or Instagram, anyway.
In March, Customs and Border Patrol asked Twitter for help identifying whoever runs @ALT_USCIS. The account has been critical of the agency’s policies and tactics, and occasionally — between jokes — issues plausible claims about the department (though, they are difficult to fact-check).
Twitter is suing the federal government in order to keep the identity of a parody “rogue agency” account a secret. That account, @ALT_USCIS, is critical of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and is one of dozens of “alt” federal agency accounts that have cropped up since a National Park Service account began tweeting facts about climate change as an indirect jab at President Trump, and the NPS was temporarily barred from tweeting. Many of these accounts, run anonymously, claim (likely for comedic effect more than anything) to be run by government staffers.
Last month, CBP then sent Twitter a summons to unmask the account, invoking a section of U.S. law that has to do with importation of goods, and not online activity. According to the complaint, “The CBP Summons ordered Twitter to produce the records to a CBP office in Washington D.C. by 11:45 A.M. on March 13, 2017—the day before the CBP Summons was faxed to Twitter.” Twitter refused, stating that it would only reveal account information under a court order invoking the federal Stored Communications Act. The CBP told the company it would not seek such an order.
Reached for comment, a CBP spokesperson said that the agency does not comment on pending litigation. @ALT_USCIS tweeted shortly after news of Twitter’s lawsuit broke.
In its complaint, Twitter asserts that a “time-honored tradition of pseudonymous free speech on matters of public moment runs deep in the political life of America,” and requests that the court declare the CBP’s summons unlawful.
Here is what the account claimed in the days before the summons.
The stand-alone app, which is only available in the United States, lets you cobble together photos and videos, which you can record fresh or select from your camera roll. You can add filters, music, emoji, captions, and title slides. Your finished product can run up to a relatively epic 60 minutes, though each individual clip can be no longer than 30 minutes.
(Note: You’ll need iOS 10.3 to download Clips, so make sure to update your iPad or iPhone, if you haven’t already.)
I was pleasantly surprised by how well the app translated what I was saying. It managed to accurately transcribe words I thought would stump it, like “-onomatopoeia. (The feature is available in 36 languages. I can only speak for how well one of those works.) It does, however, seem to struggle if there is too much background noise, or if you’re speaking with too much vocal fry. Speak clearly, and try to record somewhere not too loud. (Or just recaption the clip later, somewhere more quiet.)
Dear Select All,
Leery in Lenox Hill
Apparently, my ISP can now sell my web-browsing history like its a used Crate and Barrel couch on Craigslist, which makes me a little uneasy. I’ve heard about virtual private networks (VPNs) for years, but now I’ve heard from multiple people that you can use them to block your ISP from seeing what sites you visit. This seems like the time to actually get one. Should I pay the extra cash for the extra security? Is there a gold-standard VPN I should be signing up for?
Hiya Leery, Man, the FCC has really turned into a piece of a work, huh? If it’s not rolling back net neutrality, or making it harder for low-income Americans to get access to broadband internet, it’s standing aside as Congress rolls back protections that would have stopped our ISPs from selling our web-browsing history to advertisers.
A couple of quick caveats: One, ISPs have had the ability to do this for years; Congress just decided to not enact a rule the FCC made in December that would have stopped them. Two, the information they’re selling is a lot like the info Google or Facebook sells about you — it’s anonymized data, which means that while advertisers can get a vague idea of your demographic information (location, age, sex, income, education, etc.), it’s not like some Don Draper–wannabe can call up Spectrum and say, “Hey, give me everything you’ve got on Jane Doe in Lenox Hill. Oh, yeah, I want it all.”
The big difference, of course, is that Google can only track you when you’re on a website using Google software (which, to be fair, is a lot of them nowadays!). Your ISP can track you anywhere, whether that’s an innocuous visit to Pinterest or an incognito visit to PornHub. Quite simply, your ISP, by default, has a complete record of everything you do online.
Yes, even if your tastes happen to run to the … unusual, all your ISP will see is that you’re connected to a VPN access point. Everything beyond that is masked from your ISP.
Think of a VPN as essentially providing an online tunnel entrance. You sign up for a VPN service (we’ll get into how to pick one in a second), perhaps download some software, log into your VPN, and from that point forward, all your ISP will see is that you have logged into a VPN.
Oh, my good Lord, no. You’re simply trading your anonymity. Now, your VPN can see everything you do online (unless you want to get really hard core about online security, which, again, more on that later). And even while using a VPN, you’ll still be tracked by the sites you’re visiting, just like any other schmuck browsing the web on his cable modem. You can use things like ad blockers, Ghostery, and turning on “do no track” in your browser to keep it to a minimum, but the simple fact is that it’s nearly impossible to move around the modern internet without leaving some fingerprints.
Do get a VPN if you care at all about internet privacy and security. It’s one of the easiest and cheapest ways to add a significant amount of security to your web browsing — particularly if you find yourself using open Wi-Fi connections at places like your local coffee shop (or the subway).
The trick is to find a VPN that you can trust. And “trust” is going to mean different things, depending on who you are. Ars Technica tried to best the “best” VPN last year, and found it so immensely hard that it eventually gave up. That said, any of the services listed by CNET can generally be trusted. NordVPN, Private Internet Access, and Buffered VPN have all gotten consistently high marks, and NordVPN and Private Internet Access have a decade-plus of service, so they’d be my choices for where to start. If you really want to get into it, you can look at this list that compares nearly every VPN currently operating across many, many different variables.
If you’re not keen on paying a subscription fee for a VPN, you can get some of the same protections by using HTTPS Everywhere, a plug-in from the Electronic Frontier Foundation. HTTPS Everywhere forces many major sites to use SSL, essentially creating two-way encryption between the site you’re viewing and your own browser.
The big difference between HTTPS Everywhere and using a VPN is that, even with HTTPS Eveywhere, your ISP will still be able to tell you’re visiting wikipedia.org — it just won’t be able to see that you’re also looking at wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_rampage_killers at 3:37 a.m. But, since HTTPS Everywhere is free and a cinch to install, you should go ahead and do it now.
So first off, unless you’ve decided to set up a server farm seeding torrents of top-grossing movies and HBO shows, you’re probably safe. (That said, the official view at Select All and New York Magazine is to pay for your movies and TV shows. Media allows you to escape the hellscape of your own mind for a few minutes. We think that’s worth a few dollars.)
But if you want to be extra secure, there are routers sold with VPN preinstalled. They’re more of a pain in the ass to set up than your standard router, but they’ll also make using VPN across all your devices a lot easier. I’ve never actually bought or used one, but I’ve read and heard good things about this one. This will mean, you’ll be able to use your VPN even while playing Battlefield 1 on your PS4, without needing to jump through some pretty extensive hoops to set up your standard VPN on your PS4.
Finally, if you want to take yet another step in making sure nobody can see what you’re looking at, there’s the Tor Browser, which essentially takes your web traffic and bounces it around the globe, making it incredibly hard to crack. While Tor has been exploited in the past, for the most part, using Tor in combination with a VPN is about as secure as any civilian needs to get.
For those that truly, truly want to stay off the grid, there’s Tails, or the Amnesic Incognito Live System, a Linux-based OS that you load onto a bootable USB stick. Head off to your local library, insert the USB stick, and live out your Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy fantasies. All outgoing information is forced to be routed through Tor, and anything deemed “insecure” simply isn’t allowed in. Even then, you’re not 100 percent protected — a zero-day exploit in Tor, or a JavaScript exploit on a compromised site, could still get you. But at this point, you’re not worried about Spectrum or Comcast or Verizon peeking at what you look at — you’re worried about national-security officials trying to get a glimpse of whatever you’re up to.
Have a question for Select All? Probably! Email jake.swearingen@nymag.com.
Don’t get a VPN just because your ISP may be able to sell information about what you do online. The toothpaste was squeezed out of that tube a long time ago, and even if an entirely new administration sweeps into office in the next four years and new ISP privacy laws are put into place, your day-to-day online privacy has been compromised for years. The only thing that’ll change that? Online users themselves banding together to say they won’t stand for it. Google, Facebook, and ISPs aren’t going to change — so the change will have to come from us.
This evening, the United States carried out a missile strike against Syria, killing a reported 100 people. Dozens of missiles were fired as retaliation for a chemical attacked levied by the Syrian government earlier this week, and Twitter, as it tends to do in cases of breaking news, came alive with commentary and criticism. The most widely cited critic? This guy:
That’s just the most forceful piece of unrequested advice President Trump tweeted at President Obama back in 2013, warning him not to intervene in Syria. Here he is demanding Obama get congressional approval for strikes — something Trump decidedly did not do. I hope the White House lawyers have a lot of coffee on hand!
Trump’s not the only conservative having a little trouble with his Twitter archive — here’s Sean Hannity. In 2013!
Below is just a sampling of all the times Trump tweeted in opposition to military intervention in Syria three years ago. (Seriously, search Twitter for all his tweets containing the word “Syria” — the list goes on and on. This was an issue he cared about.) We’ve written before about the pleasure you can derive from reading old @RealDonaldTrump tweets and reminding yourself of the era when he was just a heckling citizen, thanks to the indexed permanence of social media. But when he’s a few feet away from the nuclear football — and as it becomes clear how easily his mind can change — the extent of the gap between the seriousness of his actions and the frivolousness of his rhetoric seems a lot less funny, and a lot more terrifying.
It’s fair to ask if it matters that, three and a half years ago, the president stridently held a completely opposite opinion from the one that led him to launch a collection of Tomahawk missiles. (The New York Times notes the attack marks a sharp turn from earlier comments, implying that the administration was still considering other, less aggressive, options — so three and a half years is generous.) Given that Trump’s alleged noninterventionism was an oft-stated reason to vote for him, it feels more than fair to point out what a complete reverse the new policy implies. Just ask Green Party candidate Jill Stein:
Looking for a little insight into Donald Trump’s thinking on the political expediency of military action? Look no further!
For their pal Nathan’s 30th birthday, a group of nine friends in England planned a getaway to Majorca, Spain. Unfortunately, when the trip came around, one of the friends, Joe McGrath, had to ditch. This left the group with a totally planned and ticketed trip to spare, provided they could find somebody else named Joe McGrath. Enter: Joe McGrath from Manchester. One of the friends, Dan, reached out to McGrath via Facebook and invited him along. “Although I had my doubt if the offer was legit, I decided to take the plunge as my legendary boss gave me the time off work. I drove down to Bristol on Saturday night and had a mad three days with complete strangers that I think I can all my good friends,” Dan explained in a Facebook post. “What a mega group of people! I loved every minute of it.”
“I want to apologise to my mum who thought I knew these people all along,” McGrath also wrote on Facebook. He’s back from his trip now, so it seems his mom had nothing to worry about.
He should probably also apologize to any other other Joe McGraths on Facebook who didn’t get invited on a preplanned trip to Spain.
A little under a year ago at the Electronic Entertainment Expo, Microsoft teased a new, souped-up version of the Xbox One, which it called Project Scorpio. Yesterday, the specifications of Project Scorpio were revealed in detail by Eurogamer’s Digital Foundry team. If you have trouble with reading “eight custom x86 cores clocked at 2.3GHz” or “vapor chamber heat sink,” the bottom line is this: As described, Project Scorpio is a very fast, very powerful gaming console — a big step up from the Xbox One currently on the market, and possibly even more powerful than its rival, the PlayStation Pro.
Here’s where it gets a bit complicated though. Project Scorpio is not a new console generation — the way the Xbox One succeeded the original Xbox, or the PlayStation 4 succeeded the PlayStation 3. Rather, it’s more like the PlayStation 4 Pro, released last year — a performance improvement that will run the same software more capably, at a higher resolution and with greater graphical detail. Rather than sticking with the same console for years at a time before releasing a brand-new machine that requires a whole new library of games — as was the habit in the past, dividing history into discrete “generations” — video-game-hardware manufacturers are turning to incremental improvements, more like desktop computers or mobile phones. Part of this has to do with the fact that the newest consoles are, systems-architecture-wise, a lot more like PCs than past consoles, making them easier to develop for, without alienating third-party studios that feed the video-game ecosystem.
But if Microsoft is just joining Sony in the new console gradualism, it’s probably not to its benefit. The original launch of the Xbox One in 2013 was infamously hampered by a slate of draconian policies that had to be quickly reversed after fan outcry — including requirements that the console had to maintain a constant internet connection, and that even physical copies of games could not be shared between customers (in other words, no more lending your friend a game). Even after Microsoft made a quick about-face, it couldn’t shake the stigma, and the Xbox has lagged behind competitor PlayStation for the last three years — the entirety of this new console generation. That’s in terms of both sales and hype.
But what Zelda-like properties does Microsoft control? The lackluster Halo 5, the seventh first-person shooter in the series, failed to move the needle in 2015, and last year’s return of the Gears of War franchise was similarly competent, but didn’t stick around in the gamer Zeitgeist for more than a couple weeks. The lone software demo showed to Eurogamer was of the Forza racing series, which apparently ran flawlessly and with stunning graphical detail, but racing simulators aren’t for everyone (speaking from experience).
With Project Scorpio, which on paper is the most powerful console to hit the market, Microsoft has to convince potential new buyers that the old, cruel Xbox One is a thing of the past, while also convincing people who bought the old console that it hasn’t abandoned them. It’s a tight balancing act with even higher stakes than Sony faced when it rolled out the beefier PlayStation Pro last year. Both companies have started with a strategy of appealing to quote-unquote “core gamers” — hence the focus on Project Scorpio’s custom x86 cores — but Microsoft’s messaging has to tack more toward of “we’ve changed” rather than “it’s better.” Sony had a field day with Microsoft’s policy foibles at the start of this generation.
But as good as it might sound to have the most powerful console on the market, it means next to nothing if there aren’t any good games to play on it. The primary problem that Microsoft faces right now isn’t the relative speed or power of its console, but its anemic software library. One of the biggest lessons of the successful launch of Nintendo’s new Switch — an odd console that, in terms of computing power, is effectively just a big smartphone — is that people will happily play and discuss a good game even if the graphics aren’t running at 4K resolution at 60 frames per second. And for a great game, a best-of-the-year game, like the Switch’s launch title Legend of Zelda, people will actually go out and purchase, brand-new hardware — even if it’s awkward and relatively underpowered.
For a long time now, Nintendo has been talked about as the sick man of the gaming industry, a former heavyweight with some great intellectual property — the Zelda and Mario franchises in particular — but lacking the technical heft to compete with Sony and Microsoft. The Switch is still new, but it’s demonstrated as clearly as possible that ultimately, it’s that intellectual property — and smart execution on its deployment — that makes or breaks a console, far more than the vapor-chamber heat sink. Without killer software, nice hardware is just a very expensive paperweight. Scorpio shows promise, and it’s clear that Microsoft has spent a lot of time figuring out how to hit the reset button after their early Xbox One stumbles. Yesterday’s announcement sets the stage from a much broader reveal of details in two months, at the annual E3 video-game convention. There, we’ll likely find out things such as price, what the box actually looks like, and most importantly, what games are actually going to take advantage of the new specs. It’s that last part that matters far more than anything else.
Last night, left-of-center Twitter was mostly aghast at Donald Trump’s decision to launch air strikes on a Syrian air base. It is, after all, scary how quickly his administration did a complete 180 on the question of intervention in Syria — perhaps the most dramatic data point yet suggesting that the White House is inhabited by someone who should have never been entrusted with these sorts of life-and-death experiences.
One silver lining, though, came from watching alt-right personality after alt-right personality theatrically renounce Trump for having taken an action that’s very much in line with the entrenched Washington ideology of, well, cuck globalism that the alt-right hates so passionately — reckless foreign-policy engagement largely driven by a desire to do whatever Israel wants.
It felt like all the big names were coming out to slag Trump:
There was a lot of gleeful liberal and #NeverTrump conservative retweeting, a lot of, See? These idiots have been bamboozled (I may have partaken). There was even a video:
But all of this should be seen not as a shocking parting of ways, but as a sensible move for the media personalities of the alt-right. Renouncing Trump, and eventually abandoning him, might actually be the most advantageous play for alt-right celebrities trying to maintain their peculiar online kingdoms, while handling the weird ramifications of having won.
The incentives for the alt-right, of course, differ from the incentives for the mainstream right. In the days to come, it is very unlikely that Fox News will be devoting much airtime to criticism of Trump’s decision. Rather, the most likely narrative will be that Trump has replaced Obama’s weakness with strength, that finally someone has punished Bashar al-Assad for his brutal inhumanity (left unmentioned will be the fact that until early yesterday, the Trump administration had taken a very similar line to the Obama administration).
So while it’s popular to conflate the alt-right and the mainstream right — say, the core GOP base — they really are two different beasts. The mainstream right will continue to support Trump because it is vested in the future of the GOP, and Trump is a GOP president. The alt-right, on the other hand, has different goals and allegiances in mind. Here are three main reasons it’s tactically smart for the alt-right’s big names to renounce Trump, if not ditch him entirely.
This angle is particularly relevant when it comes to foreign policy, because it’s simply laughable for anyone to have thought Trump wasn’t going to engage in foreign misadventures.
1. It gets them attention. One thing all the biggest alt-right accounts have in common is that they view virality as the most important goal. They are constantly growing their brands, growing their followers, and trying to poke their way into every conversation. Figures like Mike Cernovich and MicroChip openly acknowledge that they’re not concerned with whether what they tweet is true — they just want those retweets and likes. Suffice it to say, it is hard for them to resist tweeting opinions that will be widely shared not just by fellow alt-righters, but by mainstream journalists who are scratching their heads and saying, Hmm, there is a mutiny afoot.
Trump not only treated the entire Muslim world as potential enemies of the U.S., he also openly called for the murder of terrorists’ families. It’s very hard to hold these stances while also being an isolationist. The alt-right simply ignored this during the campaign, aggressively painting Trump as a noninterventionist alternative to a hawkish Hillary Clinton. So from the point of view of the alt-right, supporting Trump during the campaign but renouncing him now that he’s in office allows them to maintain a stance of general disdain for, again, those “globalist cucks” who run foreign policy — a stance that is vital for their brand.
In fact, versions of this are already popping up:
If you’re the sort of person who wants to believe that a cabal of Jews control the U.S. military arsenal, or for whom it’s brand-convenient to spread those beliefs, Trump’s decision to attack Syria is great news. It can be quite effectively framed as, Well, we wanted to believe Trump was a true reformer, but unfortunately the (((foreign-policy establishment))) got to him, too. It allows you to enjoy the benefits of being a provocateur who supported Trump when it appeared unlikely he would win, and then who criticized Trump once he was in power — all despite the fact that there was never any reason to think Trump had any interest in a Ron Paulian foreign policy.
2. It allows them to stay in the opposition. Those on the alt-right are, like Trump, not particularly sophisticated policy thinkers. They’re more into resentful grunts about how immigrants are bad, migration is a cancer on Western (read: white) society, and how cucks control everything. From this stance, it is much easier to criticize powerful politicians than to support them.
The outsiderism really is key here. Remember that despite the noxious anti-Semitism and racism of the alt-right, the movement has always tried to maintain a pranky, anti-establishment feel. It’s much more difficult to retain that feel when your man is in charge, running everything and bombing other countries. Much as the GOP itself learned that in certain ways it’s less fun to hold power than to criticize power, the alt-right, in its own way, seems to be internalizing the same lesson.
3. More specifically, denouncing Trump allows the alt-right to continue fueling conspiracy theories about how globalists (read: Jews) control everything.Anti-Semitism is a cornerstone of the alt-right’s beliefs, particularly on foreign policy. Sometimes, this is explicit, as in the case of Baked Alaska tweeting openly about the “Jewish question.” Other times, it is ever-so-thinly veiled in the form of the alt-right’s obsession with the “globalists” and “neocons” who ostensibly control everything behind the scenes. Now, there are obviously legitimate critiques to be made of neoconservatism and its disastrous legacy, but it simply doesn’t take much time mucking about in the alt-right swamplands to see that there is a lot of coded anti-Semitism going on there.
Happy Friday! Here’s some more not-so-great Uber news, but this time it’s not really Uber’s fault. (Unlike the secret tracking software, culture of gender discrimination, that Google lawsuit, and recent string of top executive departures. Those were really Uber’s fault.) The company has banned a rider after she screamed at her driver — threatening to accuse him of rape, and saying she’d punch herself in the face and say he did it — in a video the driver recorded via a dashboard camera. (Worth noting, the video begins midway through the ride.)
“The behavior in this video is abusive and completely unacceptable,” an Uber spokesperson told the New York Post. “As our Community Guidelines make clear, this will not be tolerated by anyone who uses Uber. The rider’s account has been banned and Uber is looking into this incident.” The company did not identify the driver or the rider.
“Donald Trump going to send you and your family back,” the woman yells at the driver. “Get the fuck out of my country.” She also argues with him because he does not have an iPhone charger available for her to use, and pours juice over the back seat of the car. Eventually, she exits, after repeatedly telling the driver he is going to jail. After she exits the vehicle, the driver proceeds to talk at the camera, calling the rider a “stupid Bronx bitch.” “Females, right? I’m not saying all the females though … some bitches like this,” he says, adding that Uber drivers frequently experience out-of-control riders like this one. Which, while blatantly misogynistic, aren’t the worst comments and threats hurled in the nearly nine-minute recording.
Taking a break from roaming the woods of upstate New York, Hillary Clinton spoke at the Women in the World summit on Thursday. In a lengthy conversation with Nick Kristof from the New York Times, Clinton, a very chill woman who was almost president, managed to wedge in some prime meme commentary while discussing Trump’s first 100 days in office. “My favorite GIF on the internet was showing the dogs sitting around the table, and the caption was, ‘now we will discuss feline health,’” Clinton said, referencing the infamous image of a room full of white, male politicians deciding what to do with women’s health care.
The Trump administration has chosen Lyft manager Derek Kan to serve as undersecretary of Transportation, focusing on policy. Kan currently serves as the general manager for the San Francisco ride-share start-up and Uber competitor.
Last year, Lyft partnered with GM on autonomous vehicles, entering a space also filled by the rest of the auto industry, Uber, and Alphabet’s Waymo. Now they’ve got a man on the inside. Kan was previously a policy adviser to Senator Mitch McConnell, Chao’s husband, and has also worked for Bain.
According to Reuters, Kan’s policy work will mostly focus on self-driving cars, which Transportation secretary Elaine Chao is looking into. In February, she said she would review Obama administration guidance on the quickly expanding technology sector. From Reuters:
Lyft recently experienced a rise in users, after Uber customers protested CEO Travis Kalanick’s advisory role on a Trump business initiative. Lyft also pledged $1 million to the ACLU and, just last week, their president would not stop describing the company as “woke.” Now, an executive is going to join the Trump administration. Maybe it’s possible to be too woke.
Hillary likely meant to say meme instead of GIF, since the dog tweet is purely a static image. Still, kudos to Clinton for a nice topical internet reference, and further kudos to whoever on her team keeps telling Clinton to talk about GIFs during public appearances. The “hello, fellow kids” thing is totally working.
Commutes: We all have them, except for those lucky enough to work from home (and even then, sometimes you have to walk to the fridge). So how to pass the time? Sure, you could read a book — but you don’t always want to tackle the newest Jonathan Safran Foer treatise on why we should only eat seeds. Sometimes, you just wanna play a game on your phone. So we set out to find the best ones for your subway commute. Our criteria was simple:
2. Ideally, you need to be able to play one-handed — if you’re slammed into a C car at rush hour, the game is no good if you need both hands in order to play and can’t at least grab onto a strap. That said, there are some games on here that you’ll probably need two hands in order to play in landscape mode. Sorry!
1. It needs to be good enough to keep your attention, but not so demanding of your brainpower that you can’t listen to a good podcast while playing it. It also has to be interesting enough that it’ll keep you occupied while a sick passenger holds everything up — but not so engrossing that you end up missing your stop altogether.
3. No internet connection required. Yes, the MTA has made major steps in getting Wi-Fi connectivity into most stops, and even into a lot of the tunnels. No, you will not be able to keep a steady connection to that game of Hearthstone while traveling underneath the East River.
4. Ideally, the game shouldn’t make you pay money to win. We’re fine with paying money for a game up front, and a few in-game purchases are okay, too (hey, it’s your cash). But if the game requires you to pay on a regular basis just to move forward, or gates your progress until you pony up more cash, that game can go get bent.
All that said, after polling the New York Magazine office, and a few other smartphone-game addicts, here is our list of games, in no particular order, that can make a crowded L train seem positively idyllic — or at least make it disappear for a while.
What better place to plan out your own metro system than while riding the subway? Mini Metro starts calm, with you building a simple system to get people around minimalist versions of real-life cities like London and Shanghai. But problems quickly start to mount. That loop you set up to take people to the outskirts of town? No one’s using it. Meanwhile, your central corridor is getting overcrowded. You desperately add more trains, more tracks, and more tunnels, but inevitably it all comes crashing down. Just like the MTA itself, you suffer some catastrophic system failure, and leave a station full of people stranded. Game over. The only solution? Start over — but build it better this time.
Like a lot of the games on this list, you can pick up the gist of Drop 7 while waiting for your express train. An old man in the world of smartphone games (it’s been available since 2009), Drop 7 gives you a seven-by-seven grid and asks you to line up different colored balls, matching the number of other balls in a column or row. It’s got a hint of Sudoku in there, a little bit of later puzzle games like Threes! or 2048, but it’s mainly its own, shockingly addictive thing. If you’re reading this list and haven’t given Drop 7 a shot, close this article immediately and go download it. You won’t regret it.
Take Solitaire and add some RPG mechanics like enemies, spells, and magic potions, and you start getting close to Solitairica. The basic idea is still the same as Solitaire (add cards that are next in a sequence), but throws in just enough variety to make things fascinating — you have the ability to stun your opponent into submission for a round or two, or save up for a few rounds and wipe out an entire column of pesky cards. It’s a simple game with a surprising amount of strategic and tactical depth, and a very fun (and funny) art style as well.
Perhaps the most beautiful game I’ve played on my phone, Alto’s Adventure has a rough story behind it: You’re Alto, a Peruvian snowboarder who lets a few llamas escape. So you hop on your board and head down the mountain in search of them. But all of that is really incidental. Alto can build up speed by pulling off tricks, whether that’s doing a backflip, jumping a gorge, or grinding along a rooftop. He’ll need that speed, too, because eventually an elder will notice Alto racing through the valley and give chase. Each play session has simple goals (e.g., “do two backflips over a rock”). Complete enough of those goals, and eventually Alto will be joined by other characters. The game has a beautiful day-and-night cycle, and weather, too — occasionally, you’ll be chasing after llamas while lightning lights up the valley, or shooting stars streak across the night sky. For those who just want the pure bliss of heading down the mountain, there’s even Zen mode, where your game is never over, and you’re free to carve your way through the valley to your heart’s content. (Bonus fun fact: A sequel to Alto’s Adventure, Alto’s Odyssey, is hitting smartphones everywhere this summer. This time, you’ll be surfing sand dunes.)
The follow up to the (also very fun!) game Dots, Two Dots still has the same basic mechanics: draw a line between dots of the same color to see them disappear. Each stage will have a set number of dots to erase, and a set number of moves to do it in. The secret comes early, when you realize that if you can draw a square using the same colored dots, you can clear the board of everything of that color, producing one of the few truly satisfying vibrations in mobile gaming. Levels ramp up in difficulty without ever becoming nosebleed difficult, while the art has a paper-cutout, storybook charm to it. It’s like Candy Crush Saga, if Candy Crush Saga wasn’t an evil Skinner box.
Board games, as a general rule, are hard to translate over to smartphones. Partly, this is because most board games are — despite the fact that it can take 47 hours to explain a board game to a group of friends — mechanically simplistic. But it’s mainly that board games are meant to be played at, well, a table; they’re more an excuse to chat and listen to music and eat vegetable dip than for just pure ludic pleasure. Carcassonne, a game about placing tiles to build your own medieval kingdom, is still tremendously fun on the smartphone, mainly because without the dithering of other humans, games can be tremendously fast-paced, but the basic tile-placing mechanics still hold up, even without craft beer and kettle chips. I was able to knock out three solid games during a 40-minute ride to work. Not a bad early morning.
Nearly every game is a Skinner box of some sort. It’s a machine designed to get us lab rats sucked into a ludic loop, pressing that lever to get that food pellet — whether it’s leveling up, unlocking a new character, or conquering a new village. Desert Golfing is the anti-game. In it, you have one goal: Get the ball in the hole, using the drag-and-shoot mechanics familiar to anyone who’s played Angry Birds. There are no rewards, except another hole of Desert Golfing to play. When you reach 18 holes, you simply move on to the 19th. When you reach the 99th hole, you go on to the 100th. The scenery changes a little, and some holes are more difficult than others, but there’s no par — no real high score you’re chasing after. There’s not even a golfer onscreen, just an Atari 2600 landscape, a golf ball, a hole, and you. It’s the Shaker Loops or Music for 18 Musicians of smartphones games — so beautifully minimalist that adding anything else would ruin the work as a whole.
A diabolically hard roguelike (a genre of game in which players get essentially one life and one chance to make it through a series of increasingly hard levels), Hoplite is far more fun than it deserves to be. You play a single Greek soldier, who is sent down into the dungeons, armed with just a spear, a shield, and the ability to hop over enemies, should things get rough. But strip away all the combat and lava and evil wizards, and what you really have is a puzzle game: If I jump here, then this archer will miss there, but I’ll need to be able to bat away the bomb thrown at my feet the next turn — in which case I may end up getting peppered with arrows, regardless. So you stare at the screen and try to figure out the optimal solution yet again. I found this game still works as a commute game — it didn’t make me miss any subway stops — but it was addicting enough that I had to put my phone in a drawer, lest I pull it out for just one more game.
The graphics of Sproggiwood are a soothing blend of bright colors and simple shapes, almost as if Fisher-Price toys had come to life. Do not let this fool you. This game is harder than the GMATs and LSATs combined. It’s another roguelike, but includes a few upgrade mechanics to help you along the way — as you clear out stages, you can build up a small village that will sell you potions and upgrades to make each run into the evil dungeon a bit easier. You start as a simple farmer, but eventually branch out into other characters like Warrior, Archer, and, uh, Vampire. The game moves one turn at a time, meaning if you need to put your phone down for a second, nothing is lost, but, again, this game is hard. I’ve had various versions of it on my phone for nearly three years now. I’ve never come close to beating it. But it’s still one of my go-to games to fire up, if I’m about to settle in for a long subway ride.
There are only two good subjects of conversation if you don’t know someone at a certain type of New York City party. One is whether they have any drugs, and the other is how far into the week they can make it in the New York Times Crossword. Luckily, there’s the NYT crossword app, which, thankfully, lets dummies like me stick to Tuesday- and Wednesday-level puzzles, if I don’t feel like expending too much brainpower. The app is $7 a month, which isn’t cheap (though you get seven days for free to see if you’re interested). But I don’t know. Maybe it’s the age of Trump, maybe I just need to drink less coffee in the morning, but there’s something deeply soothing about filling out those little crossword grids. This was one of my most-used apps last month. I can feel my first turtleneck and corduroy-blazer purchase coming up right around the corner.
This genre of game — in which you essentially run endlessly along three different tracks, switching as needed to avoid obstacles and collect coins — was invented by Temple Run back in 2011, but I’d argue that Subway Surfers gets about as close to perfecting the form as we’ve seen. Bright primary colors pop, even in that early morning blur before the coffee kicks in; the controls are tight; and the challenge ramps up in a way that keeps you engaged without slamming you into a wall (and its attempts to suck some extra cash out of you are nicely circumspect). It’s one of those perfect zone-out games, where I usually play better when thinking about something else in the back of my head, whether that’s a grocery list or an article I’m writing.
If Threes! is doing the cryptogram in the paper — interesting but difficult — 2048 is doing the Word Jumble with those weird little pun cartoons. An unabashed ripoff of Threes!, 2048’s real advantage is that it removes some of the randomness (and thus some of the long-term thinking) required by Threes!, making for a game that’s significantly less taxing on the ol’ noggin. And if it’s 7:30 a.m. and I’m running on five hours of sleep, sometimes I just wanna play the Jumble, you know?
Reigns is, at heart, Tinder for ruling a kingdom — with the clear understanding that you’re gonna die. Cursed by the devil to live forever, you do your best to watch over your kingdom as best you can. Each turn, you’re faced with a card and someone asking you to do something. Swipe left to say no, swipe right to say yes. Do you let the church burn those witches, or let the witches go free? Raise taxes on the peasants and make sure the treasury stays full, or let the poor bastards keep a little grain this year? No matter what you do, eventually you’ll die (often by the hand of your own heir) — but the devil resurrects you and your reign just continues, endless onward. Bonus for those who may have burned through this game when it was first released last fall: A recent update added 100 new cards, a few new ways to die, and an elephant!
Perfect for anyone who finds themselves flipping through those paint-sampler cards for fun, Blendoku (and its various sequels) asks you to simply arrange colors in certain patterns, usually from light to dark, but sometimes from, say, red to blue or green to gray. Scientists say the human eye can distinguish between 7 million different colors, and while early levels may make you think about giving up your current line of work to find the proper color swaths for rich people’s apartments, later levels start introducing complicated patterns and fine-enough color gradations that you’ll start to believe that line from scientists about 7 million colors to be a goddamn lie. Bonus: It includes a color-blind mode that’s still just as fun.
Enough with dungeons, weapons, and vampires! What if you just want to learn a little something? Luckily, the Merriam-Webster dictionary app has a surprising number of games to play, in addition to the ability to look up whether it’s “fuck off” or “fuck-off” (it’s the former, apparently, unless I’m using it as a compound adjective). The best of them is the simple vocab quiz, which starts out easy (e.g., eccentric), but quickly gets into plumbing just how deep your vocab goes (e.g., plangent). I like to think my vocabulary is pretty dang decent, and this had me stumped enough to expose my nescience. Good for anyone who ever kinda misses taking standardized tests and being one of the first kids to turn in their Scantron sheet.
Anybody who’s ever played the classic arcade-game Tempest may get some flashbacks from Super Hexagon, one of the most challenging games I’ve ever played on my phone. You play as a small triangle attempting to escape out of a series of hexagons, with walls closing in all around you. Sounds simple, but the game moves fast — really fast. Your first game will probably last about two seconds. In your second game, you may get to three or four seconds. After a bit, you’ll start to anticipate changes, stop overthinking it too much, and get up to 14 or even 15 seconds. Every once in a while, something will click, and you’ll find yourself on some ungodly run where you simply can’t miss (my record: 57.34 seconds, after which I had to lie down and smoke a cigarette). It’s not the most relaxing game on this list, but for those who enjoy twitch reflexes and the thrill of slowly improving at something very hard, this is the game to get.
Adult Swim has had a shockingly strong run of games, particularly on mobile, but Castle Doombad is probably the best of the bunch. It’s a side-scrolling game in which you, an evil villain, have kidnapped a princess. Off to rescue her are a bunch of remarkably dimwitted knights — but first, they have to get through your castle, which is stuffed to the gills with traps of all sorts. In most games in this genre — commonly called tower-defense games — you’re wrecking evil goblins, orcs, and/or nasty trolls. There’s something refreshing in forcing an idiot knight to spend two minutes bashing down a door, only to have him impale himself on a bed of spikes, and then take an arrow to the face. Not everyone gets to be the hero, bud.
Games don’t get much more perfect for the subway than this. In One More Line, you essentially grapple from point to point, tapping your phone. All you need is one thumb free, and away you go. Power-ups dot the way, which is helpful because you’ll quickly find yourself needing to swing from grapple point to grapple point in a matter of microseconds. You see, it’s not grappling onto the next point that’s hard — it’s determining the perfect moment to let go and send yourself shooting off in just the right direction. With a beautiful minimalist look, One More Line keeps you coming back, sure that this is the time you won’t mess it up at the last second (it won’t be).
I don’t want to give too much away about Monument Valley. It’s a puzzle game, first and foremost, where the main way you solve puzzles is through shifting your perspective, creating M.C. Escher–esque moments where you realize that what looked like a wall is now a staircase. You play as Ida, who seems to be on a quest of some sort — but it’s the slow reveal of what that quest is, and how and what you’ll need to do to complete it, that makes Monument Valley special. The puzzles themselves are ingenious, always playing just on that edge of being impossible to figure out — until you make one more little move, and suddenly everything becomes obvious and clear.
Did we miss any of your favorites? Email me at jake.swearingen@nymag.com — I hate being alone with my thoughts and am always looking for a good, new smartphone game. We’ll add the real gems to the list.
Ridiculous Fishing is a three-stage game. First, you cast your hook into the water, trying to avoid fish on the way down, so you can sink your hook as deep into the ocean as possible. Then, you yank up and start hauling in fish, now trying to hook as many underwater creatures as possible. Then, in the third stage, you hurl all the fish into the air, where you blast away at them with pistols, machines guns, and rocket launchers. All in a day at sea. There’s also a heartwarming story behind the game. Dutch developers Vlambeer created the basic idea for Ridiculous Fishing as a Flash game in 2010, but retained rights to develop it for iOS. But in the free-for-all world of mobile gaming, developer Gamenauts stole the idea and released it for iOS as Ninja Fishing, quickly hitting the top of the charts before Vlambeer could release its own version. But Vlambeer ultimately produced a better game — it was named Apple’s iOS Game of the Year in 2013, and Ridiculous Fishing is still a top seller, while Ninja Fishing has sunk to the bottom.
Threes! hit the scene in 2014 like a bombshell, briefly taking over subway cars in the same way Candy Crush did in 2013. The goal of the game is deceptively simple. Slide tiles with 1 or 2 on them together to make them form a 3 tile. Slide two 3 tiles together to form a 6 tile. Slide two 6 tiles to form a 12 tile. And so on. But like any good puzzle game, while the basic concept is easy enough, actually accomplishing your goal is so, so hard. The deep despair you can feel when you realize you have two 512 tiles so close to each other, but you’ll be unable to get them to meet — this is what it’s like when doves cry. You can also, frankly, just get screwed by the randomness of the game — a string of tiles you can’t combine come in from the sides, and it’s game over, no matter how well you’ve played up until then. Still, the highly fun art style (tiles with higher value numbers become fun little characters, the music and sound effects are so well done, you may end up keeping them on) make this a pure winner.
Update: This post originally incorrectly referred to Kan as an executive. It has been updated to reflect that fact that he is instead a high-ranking employee.
Before last weekend, Cheryl Wassus had no idea what a “furry” was. So naturally, when the Motor City Furry Convention chose Pets for Vets (a nonprofit that pairs dogs with military veterans) as its charity of choice, she assumed that she and Link, her one-year-old Bernese mountain dog, would be spending the day at an animal event. She wasn’t wrong, necessarily — it’s just that the animals were maybe slightly more anthropomorphized than she had envisioned.
On Sunday evening, United Airlines Flight 3411 was scheduled to fly from Chicago to Louisville. Since the plane was overbooked, the airline asked four passengers to give up their seats before the flight could depart. (The airline reportedly needed seats to get four United crew members to Kentucky for another flight the next day.) When not enough people willingly volunteered, Courier-Journal.com reports, United’s computer system chose people at random. One of them, a man, became “very upset” according to another passenger, and said he was a doctor with patients he needed to see in Kentucky. When he refused to give up his seat, the passenger was lifted out of his seat by airline security, and dragged down the aisle of the plane on his back. Another passenger caught the moment on video, and shared it on Twitter:
“Flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville was overbooked. After our team looked for volunteers, one customer refused to leave the aircraft voluntarily and law enforcement was asked to come to the gate,” a United spokesperson told Courier-Journal.com. “We apologize for the overbook situation. Further details on the removed customer should be directed to authorities.” The passenger was ultimately allowed back onto the plane for the trip to Louisville, but returned looking “bloody” and “disoriented,” another passenger said.
The video (which was also shared on Facebook by another passenger) has already been retweeted thousands of times, and prompted plenty of responses from people upset by the way United handled the situation.
So what did you think you were walking into on Saturday? You know, I have been affiliated with Pets for Vets for a while, and what I try to do is promote the program. I’ve got a really nice dog who has been trained with the benchmarks [for being a certified therapy dog] … so it’s nice to take Link and get him out there and have him exposed — because he is a young dog — to lots of different things. I really had no idea what to expect going in on Saturday. This organization had chosen us as their charity. They actually solicited us, and adopted us more or less, as their go-to charity for this big function. This is just a whole subculture I wasn’t even aware existed. When we set up tables and do promos and educate the public and do outreach, I had no idea the outreach was going to be other human … furry people. I guess you’re never too old to learn.
So you had never heard of furries before this weekend, I take it? Never. No. I didn’t know there were furries. The only furry I’d ever seen was at Easter, when somebody might put on one of those gigantic Easter-bunny costumes at a local egg hunt. That was my whole background with furries. That was it for me.
Right. Like the one you and Link attended. Yeah, I had no idea I was walking into Furry Con. It was a little embarrassing at first because Link was just a little curious why people were wearing tails, so he was doing some serious tail-sniffing and checking out people. They weren’t offended, though, they just embraced him. It was all good. Just a real interested community.
Did you get the chance to talk to many of the furries? Yes. I learned so much about this whole new culture of people who get together and dress up in furry costumes. I didn’t know that there was this progression — like first, they choose a name, and start off with just a tail and ears. But from there, some of these costumes are amazing, and so elaborate. I was asking a lot of questions. Where do you get these? Where do you come up with something like this? A lot of people design their own, I guess. They decide what character they want to be, and then they spend lots of money having these costumes made. And then, they all get together for these events. Similar people. Similar interests. And they come together [at cons].
The photos your son tweeted are so funny; Link’s eyes seem to bug out of his head more and more with every new furry he meets. You know, you can’t replicate that. I train puppies and do training with Canine Good Citizen and do trip training, and you cannot replicate what that one afternoon of walking him through every imaginable costume and scenario, with all of these different people and being in a new place. I was talking to one of the moms [of a furry], while I was sitting at our [Pets for Vets] booth, and she said a lot of these kids just aren’t understood. Her son got into it, and she said sometimes they don’t have the confidence to move around comfortably — socially, in groups — but they put on these costumes, and they’re transformed.
Did you have a favorite furry costume? The one, and I thought he might really put off my Link, was the big guy in the black wolf costume. He looked so awesome. He even has a different tint on the eyes, the degree of workmanship is amazing. It’s like Hollywood level. That guy’s costume was probably my favorite, and he seemed to really enjoy Link, too.
Did the furries and Link get along? Yeah! We actually did a panel discussion about our charity and what we do, and these people, these furries, were very taken by what we do. Laurie [another volunteer] did a really nice presentation about the brain, when it comes to PTSD and vets, and they took off their furry costumes, or just the heads. Those things have to get incredibly warm. I can’t fathom wearing one of those all day. But, yes, they were absolutely tuned in … I saw some tears, people were definitely listening and paying attention. I don’t know what the final toll will be, but I imagine Pets for Vets is going to do quite well.
After spending the day with them, how do you feel about furries now? To each his own. This seems pretty harmless. It seemed like there were lots of people around the same age. I saw little pieces of humanity I’d never seen before.
Is it safe to say you won’t be buying yourself a furry costume anytime soon?No, I don’t think so. No. You know, you get a little older, a little menopausal, and being in that many layers and layers of fur. No need to be overheating. I’m good.
Dallas residents got an early wake-up call on Friday night, when all of the city’s emergency sirens were activated simultaneously. Shortly before midnight, unknown hackers compromised the alert system, activating sirens and triggering thousands of 911 calls. The 156 sirens went off in 90-second increments about 15 times.
According to the New York Times, residents interpreted the sirens, usually used for weather emergencies, as a sign of an impending bomb.
Officials believe that the hack occurred locally. Given the system’s architecture, they said, you’d need to be in close proximity in order to control the system. In order to stop the sirens and regain control of the system, the city had to shut down the entire system temporarily.
Today, Cheryl Wassus — whose son, Kenny, is a senior producer here at New York Media — definitely knows what a furry is. This is her story.
[Editor’s Note: The Motor City Furry Con raised $10,000 for Pets for Vets.]
This past weekend, Louise Mensch — former Conservative MP and current publisher of Heat Street — asserted that, among other things, the 2014 Ferguson riots were orchestrated by the Russian government in order to seed unrest in America. Mensch — who is frequently cited as some sort of authority on this subject, for unclear reasons — runs in the same circle of tweet-thread pundits as Eric Garland (of “time for some game theory” fame) and national-security columnist John Schindler. All three have found a certain measure of online fame in describing how Putin is playing 12-D diplomatic secret chess to destabilize America.
Being a Twitter pundit is a great gig, if you can get it, but you run certain professional risks. Yesterday, popular Twitter user Leon Chang posted a series of Photoshopped tweets showing Mensch, Garland, and Schindler discussing Wendy’s chicken nuggets (a reference to an online campaign by one user to get 18 million retweets in exchange for free nugs).
Mensch, once made aware of the tweet, posted this this afternoon.
Obviously, the idea that Weird Twitter shenanigans are part of a Kremlin misinformation campaign is a ridiculous notion. (Or is it?) (It is.)
Two years ago, Mensch tried to cite search-auto-complete results as evidence of anti-Semitism on Twitter, when in reality, she was looking at past queries that she had searched.
Asked if he had a comment about Mensch’s claim that he is a Russian partisan, Chang responded, “Yeah. It’s funny.”
Update, April 10, 2017, at 3:30 p.m.: Other disturbing videos and photos of the incident have since surfaced on Twitter. In one clip, the man appears to be saying, “just kill me,” while standing in the plane with a blood-covered face.
United has since issued a formal statement via its Twitter account, from CEO Oscar Munoz. In it, Munoz characterizes what happened on Flight 3411 as a passenger reaccommodation.
You know the feeling. It’s a slow day at the office, you tilt your head back and count the ceiling tiles, or inspect your fingernails, or contemplate cleaning out your keyboard, and then suddenly, before you know it, several minutes have gone by and you can’t account for them. It happens. It does. But if your job involves live television, it’s probably best to make sure you’re not still on the air before zoning out — a lesson one ABC Australia anchor learned the hard way during a broadcast over the weekend. In the clip, Natasha Exelby gasps and hurriedly intros the next segment after the camera finds her decidedly not paying attention. To her credit, she recovers fairly well.
And now, back to whatever you were doing before you distracted yourself from your own work with this video.
Also: New York Magazine may make a small amount of money if you purchase one of these apps through iTunes. That said, we’ve played and enjoyed all of these thoroughly, and wouldn’t recommend anything we haven’t already shelled out our own cash for already.
Usually, when it comes to buying consumer electronics, there’s that annoying stage of trying to compare and contrast multiple brands. Is a Vizio TV better than a Sharp TV? Does it matter which brand of RAM I buy? And why?
On April Fools’ Day, 25-year-old Cary McCook was hit by a deer. You read correctly. He was hit by a deer, not the other way around. McCook had just exited his truck in a hotel parking lot in British Columbia when the deer came for him. “I heard three gallops and I turned to my left and before I could make out what it was, I see a deer coming towards me and it hits me and I’m on the ground,” McCook told the Revelstoke Review.
McCook also said he had a hard time getting people to believe him — including his own mother — before getting hold of the security footage. Now that it’s been confirmed, perhaps he should consider reaching out to Justin DeLuzio, the cross-country runner who was taken out by a deer mid-race last fall. Seems like the two men would have a lot to chat about.
One place where that really isn’t an issue is solid-state memory, where SanDisk pretty much rules the market in reliability. (You could have made an argument that Western Digital could give SanDisk a run for its money, but then, uh, Western Digital bought it, so it’s all kind of a moot point.)
If you want to buy either a solid-state hard drive for your PC; a microSD card for your camera, phone, or other portable device; or just a really good USB thumb drive, Amazon is offering some very decent discounts on SanDisk storage products today.
Take, for instance, what I’m about to buy for myself, this SanDisk Ultra II 1 TB SATA drive for my home PC. Earlier this month, it was $320; today, you can grab it for $250. I’ve been limping along on a 128 GB SSD on my home-gaming PC, and it’s become a pain — as game sizes swell, I really can only fit one or two titles on the drive before having to copy them to a slower, old-school hard-disk drive, which is annoying, and also makes for longer load times.
There’s also some great deals on microSD cards (vital for photographers, and useful if you want to, say, add a bunch of memory to your Nintendo Switch), as well as some solid deals on USB drives. Much like the Ultra II above, all of them are about one generation behind the current top-of-the-line offerings, but unless you spend your time running endless speed tests, you’re unlikely to notice a difference. I’d also recommend using a site like CamelCamelCamel, and just checking to make sure you’re getting a good deal — some of the discounts are a lot deeper than others.
Memory has already gotten stupidly cheap over the past five years. But the fact that you can buy a 1 TB solid-state drive for under $300, or a 256 microSD card for $120 today, is unreal. If you find yourself running out of room on your devices, today’s the day to fix that.
Now, it should be said that the Ultra II is no longer the ne plus ultra of SSDs — the SanDisk Extreme Pro series, which hit the market last fall, is faster than the Ultra II. But Extreme Pros also cost a lot more, and (especially if you’re upgrading from a traditional HDD) the Ultra II should do you just fine.
New York Magazine gets a small commission if you buy anything from Amazon through our links. That said, we don’t recommend stuff we wouldn’t actually buy for ourselves — or, in my case, have just placed an order for while typing this article.
Yesterday, a number of disturbing videos and pictures surfaced of an Asian man being dragged off an overbooked United flight from Chicago to Louisville, after he reportedly refused to give up his seat. United needed four seats to get crew members to Kentucky to work another flight, and had to randomly select passengers to kick off of the plane when nobody volunteered. (A system the airline calls the “involuntary denial of boarding process.”) After being lifted from his seat and dragged down the aisle, the man ultimately returned to the plane, where he appeared bloody and —understandably — disturbed, standing in the back of the plane muttering “just kill me.”
Following news of the incident, United CEO Oscar Munoz gave a short, unapologetic statement via the company’s Twitter, calling it an “upsetting event,” and describing what the security officers did as passenger reaccommodation. Later in the day, Munoz would defend the company in a lengthier letter sent to United employees.
From United, via the Chicago Tribune:
While Munoz doubles down on saying that the United Flight 3411 crew acted in the right, DNA Info reports that the unnamed security officer who dragged the man from the plane has since been suspended for his actions, and is facing a “thorough review of the situation.” “The incident on United flight 3411 was not in accordance with our standard operating procedure and the actions of the aviation security officer are obviously not condoned by the Department,” Karen Pride, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Aviation Department told DNA Info.
Munoz’s letter also included a number of bullet points laying out the series of events, according to United, which led to the incident. Passengers were offered up to $1,000 to take a different flight, and when not enough people volunteered, United’s computer system randomly selected passengers to remove, including the man who would later be dragged. “When we approached one of these passengers to explain apologetically that he was being denied boarding, he raised his voice and refused to comply with crew member instructions,” Munoz wrote. Allegedly, the man became “more and more disruptive and belligerent” each time he was asked to get off of the plane. “Chicago Aviation Security Officers were unable to gain his cooperation and physically removed him from the flight as he continued to resist — running back onto the aircraft in defiance of both our crew and security officials,” Munoz wrote. (This bullet point was the part where the man — his mouth dripping blood after being violently removed — stood in the back of the plane looking terrified.)
Yesterday, United also posted a new job listing. The company is looking for a brand public relations manager. Can’t imagine why.
One of the key ways Donald Trump has kick-started the American economy is by existentially subsidizing the growth industry of #Resistance Twitter accounts spinning wild conspiracy theories about connections between Trump and Russia, and, sometimes, Weird Twitter. Among Trump-conspiracy accounts, none is quite as fascinatingly batty as Louise Mensch’s, the founder of the conservative-content farm Heat Street, whose status as a former British member of parliament has made her the respectable face of Carrie Mathison–style corkboard-threading. Now, one target is fighting back.
In a complaint with the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center, Fairbanks said that Mensch “has been engaging a months long campaign of cyber stalking and harassment against me. She has published outlandish claims about me ranging from accusations of plastic surgery, to sex scandals, to allegations of treason.”
One lengthy blog post, which Mensch caught wind of, alleged that Fairbanks tried to seduce Anthony Weiner in order to orchestrate a situation in which the FBI would seize his phone, leading to the letter James Comey released shortly before the election.
Speaking to BuzzFeed, Mensch doubled down on her theory about Fairbanks’s ties to Russia.
If you use Instagram as a messaging platform, the app is rolling out some changes today that you’ll probably notice. (If you’re like me and use it solely to post photos — using essentially the functionalities that were available in 2012, plus or minus a Boomerang or two — you might not.) Before today, Instagram’s messaging options were varied, and a bit of a hodgepodge. You could send messages privately to a single person. Or privately to a group. You could also — in a separate part of the app — send a disappearing message or photo to a friend or group. Starting today, these messages will all be able to live in the same spot on the app. “Texts and reshares will now appear in the same thread with disappearing photos and videos so you can seamlessly go back and forth with your friends,” Instagram explained on its blog.
Instagram says the number of people using its direct-message feature has jumped from 300 million to 375 million since November 2016. Which means it only took 75 million people for the company to think, hmm, maybe if we combined all these features, we could make our app better. To access the new Instagram Direct, open the app, swipe left, and tap the blue camera icon.
According to BuzzFeed News, Cassandra Fairbanks, a frequent target of Mensch’s wide-ranging and all-encompassing conspiracy theories, filed a complaint with law enforcement this week, following months of dubious allegations about Fairbanks’s work as a Russian operative.
Though she is American, Fairbanks works for Sputnik, a news agency owned by the Russian government.
Mensch’s hit rate with her conspiracy theories is so far fairly low: Last week, she claimed legendary pro-Trump botnet creator MicroChip was the pseudonym of a California man named Michael Anderson. Her evidence? Anderson resembled the Instagram celebrity whose photograph MicroChip uses as his avatar. Yesterday, meanwhile, she accused beloved Twitter comedian @Leyawn of being a Russian agent because he made a joke involving Photoshopped images of Mensch tweets.
Except that this almost certainly is not his account. Looking at the public weekly breakdown of JKushner’s listening habits shows JKushner spent 13 hours (roughly two hours a day) last week “Scrobbling” (that is, tracking) the music he played, including during his trip to Iraq. Even adjusting for time zones as this data is logged, it’s extremely unlikely that the White House adviser — who is in charge of numerous presidential initiatives — has that much time to listen to music, or, for that matter, that persistent an internet connection. Also, the notion that a heavily watched public figure would subscribe to a service that automatically and publicly logs mostly innocuous listening data is pretty ridiculous.
The username identified is “JKushner,” which, well, I can see why Jared Kushner is a suspect, but is still shaky logic for assuming that you’ve found the right guy. It’s kinda like assuming JChrist is an account belonging to the son of God.
The nice thing about trying to peg a Last.fm account is that there’s a lot of public behavioral data to get a grip on. For instance, if this is Kushner’s account, he was listening to a lot of Wire while in Iraq last week.
Also, also, also, do you think anyone in the Trump administration listened to tracks from Beyoncé’s Lemonade 34 times last week?
Over the weekend, internet sleuths on 4chan and elsewhere claimed to have identified the Last.fm account of Jared Kushner, son-in-law and close confidante of President Donald Trump. (For those of you who might not remember, Last.fm is a service that automatically logs what music you listen to, so that you can visualize trends and habits. About eight years ago, having a carefully curated Last.fm account was very important.)
The other pervading theory is that the account belongs to Josh Kushner, Jared’s brother and co-founder of health-insurance start-up Oscar. Again: I see why you might think so. BUT: Josh has been dating model/computer scientist Karlie Kloss for four years. Karlie Kloss is a well-known member of Taylor Swift’s squad. This places Josh within one degree of Swift.
So who is JKushner on Last.fm? Probably just some unlucky music aficionado encountering a swarm of misdirected online vitriol now. Great job, everyone.
Earlier this week, horrifying videos surfaced of a United passenger being forcefully dragged off of an overbooked flight, after refusing to give up his seat. Though the United CEO referred to the incident as a “passenger re-accommodation,” and defended the crew’s reaction on the plane in a letter to employees, the court of Twitter has been far less sympathetic. Instead, criticism of the airline’s actions has been harsh, if also darkly humorous.
Also, also, that’s a lot of listening on Saturday for an observant Jew.
And yet, the JKushner profile only has two Taylor Swift Scrobbles.
There were new logos.
Seating arrangements.
And plenty of new slogans.
Spoofs.
People really weren’t here for that whole reaccommodation line.
Even the dictionary got involved.
Like we said. People really hate United.
Twitter can be horrible and difficult to understand, but for an hour every week day, it becomes a magical place, as people from all walks of life gather together to furrow their brows and widen their eyes at the things White House press secretary Sean Spicer is saying during his daily press briefing.
Maybe he should have stuck to feuding with a freeze-dried ice-cream company on Twitter instead.
It only took Twitter approximately as long as it takes a person to type “are you kidding me, Spicey,” before the reactions to the press secretary’s statements started rolling in. (Spicer would later issue another clarification — “I was in no way trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust” — but it also wouldn’t help much.)
Today — it’s going to take a minute to list everything he said — when asked about Bashar al-Assad reportedly using sarin gas to attack Syrian citizens, Spicer said that even Hitler hadn’t stooped to Assad’s level during World War II: “We didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II. Y’know, you had … someone who is despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to the, to the, to using chemical weapons.” (*Arrested Development narration voice*: He did.)
Later in the briefing, Spicer attempted to rectify his words, which didn’t help things.
From there, United Airlines would — in the form of a zillion tweets — ask Pepsi to hold its beer, after videos surfaced of a passenger being violently dragged off a plane for refusing to give up his seat. Bonus points to the first person who modified the joke to be “hold my Pepsi,” instead of “hold my beer.” Negative points to everybody else who made that joke afterward.
This week at Uber HQ, the company’s senior vice-president of global public policy and communications, Rachel Whetstone, has resigned. Whetstone came to Uber following a stint at Google and has been with the ride-hailing company for two years. “I am incredibly proud of the team that we’ve built — and that, just as when I left Google, a strong and brilliant woman will be taking my place,” Whetstone said of her departure in a statement given to Recode. “I joined Uber because I love the product — and that love is as strong today as it was when I booked my very first ride six years ago.”
There are few destinations on the internet more joyous, or perplexing, than the Vinbook, the name of Diesel’s official Facebook page. Diesel, who administers the page himself, uses it as an outlet to send love to his fans; in turn, his fans use the page as an outlet to send love to Vin. Diesel rarely goes a day without posting something online, reflecting on his good fortune, the love of friends and family, or the sheer size of the Vinbook community.
And the Vinbook is huge. To his great credit, Diesel realized early on how powerful a Facebook following could be, and his success on the platform has earned him a legion of admirers, including Mark Zuckerberg himself. The Vinbook currently has more than 101 million “Likes,” trailing behind only Coca-Cola, Shakira, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Facebook itself.
Vinbook’s artistic production has slowed lately, but in anticipation of the latest Fast and Furious movie hitting theaters, I plucked a few of my favorites and sat down with esteemed New York art critic Jerry Saltz to discuss the artistic output of Vinbook.
Jerry Saltz: I’m guessing many of these are made by men, for Vin. My guess is, they’re made by straight men, about Vin, who use the Vin body as a device for nonsexual male love. Like worshipping a Greek god. Needless to say his whole look is modeled on Greek sculpture — it has no features, it has no hair. In this case, he has wings — no less — like a risen god.
The Vinbook branding is very strong throughout all of these images. The Vinbook itself is a place people go.
Brian Feldman: What do you think of the angel wings?I think they’re completely clichéd. They show everything at once, like nonart does. This image will always look the same. It can’t change; in that sense, it is graphic art. It is supposed to give a message; it gives it; it is done. So we use it instantaneously; it is supposed to pierce us so we go, “a place where angels play? Vinbook.” It could be an ad for Calvin Klein jeans.
He sometimes writes captions. “It’s been a cold and dark-hearted winter, typical of the character.” I’m not sure which character he’s talking about.Again, this is a classic kind of graphic illustration. Not creative. It’s by an amateur. Like the other one, it has total sincerity, total admiration. And again, as with the last one, in my opinion it has male content. Straight, male content. But I could be wrong on this one.
It’s got a name in the corner. It was made by Robin Boyd. A lot of the comments are just hearts.Yeah, “We love you, Vin!” The more we idolize, the greater we are in our idolatry of a star; we join this gigantic group of people. My heart is just one of billions, and we’re feeding him. It’s like the great Chinese emperors or the Pharaohs, where you can worship. It’s organizing chaos.
This is the least successful one that you’ve shown me. Why do you think it’s the least successful?
Well, I think because it relies so much on text.Very good, I agree. That tells us that the other images are being carried by the Vin body, and the Vin identity. And once you change it, it’s gone.
I don’t know how much you look at memes, but the idea of putting a bunch of text on an image is a very new sort of internet thing. Put an inspirational quote on it; you say, “Vinbook,” but also “Vin Diesel.”This person in 2011 is inventing, without knowing it, a new format that we now use. The new form of meming. And our videos that we watch in bed, where we don’t turn the sound on. Can I just see the signature?
It says “Bev Ann Gary” in the corner.Amazing.
One Love, One Love. He’s an open-cultural signifier of both black, white, masculinity, and a loner. It’s important to recognize that Vin has been alone in all these shots. He dominates the frame; he is all there is.
This guy in the cloud is clearly performing for the crowd in some way. And this guy is just like, “Do you see my friend? Who is also me, Vin Diesel?” He’s like his hype man.I think you’re absolutely right, and I think that you’re right that there’s two of him. So he’s a split character, but to me, what it also shows is the lack of depth in the Vin, because he’s the same character to me in both. That is unlike another male body that can be worshipped across genders, which is the Rock. Where the Rock brings a lot of irony, self-awareness, humor, and is therefore a better person, [leans in close to tape recorder] and a better actor.
I like that there are two of him in this one. I feel like they’re interacting with each other a little bit.Oh? How do you read the narrative?
This one is a milestone. They hit 73 million likes on the Vinbook.Jesus.
He says “happy creative” a lot on the Vinbook.What do you think that means?
I can’t tell if “creative” is a noun or an adjective. So it’s either he is happy and creative, or being creative makes him happy. Or he is a happy creative.I think that’s beautiful, what you’re saying. And he also loves puppies, in this case a little baby lion. So even though he’s a killer, he also is a sensitive soul. So he’s benign, omnipotent, and again, of course, a man with no eyes.
The caption is “Wow, 73 million multicultural souls … together we built Our page” — with a capital O — “to what it has become … Proud. We really have come a long way. P.s. Happy creative …”Wow.
This is from 2010.“It’s been a hell of a ride.”
You know, the Fast movies are all about a diverse cast of people taking on the system.They are? I saw the first two alone, sitting in theaters.
This is from October 7, 2012, and it says, “/smile” in the caption. The photo says, “The Most profound encounters are produced between souls … even though our bodies may never be face to face …”“Our bodies may never be face to face.” That’s beautiful, because these people have never met him, they’ve only seen him as digital files. I love that he looks like he’s on a city street, so he’s just anybody in a tank top. He’s carrying a drink, like anyone would.
And Vin is the alpha.Vin is the ultraalpha, but still soft, sensitive. He would kill you if he has to, but only if he has to.
They’re praising him.It’s praise. And it’s done — again back to the Greeks — in a very short, almost epigrammatic way. All of them are short, unlike my Facebook page (I would like to brag that I have about a half-million followers). On my page, in the art world, people talk on and on; it drives me crazy. I always say to them, “Keep it simple, stupid,” and these people are brilliant because they do.
So this is Vin on one of those water-propelled hoverboards. He’s on vacation somewhere. It says, “Believe in yourself …”That’s a great message. It’s positivist. I think it’s probably empty, but it’s what we’ve got right now.
He posted this one Valentine’s Day. The thing I like is, it’s clear that it’s just him and one other person filming this, and he’s still like, “Yeah, let’s do this.” It’s very amateur and sincere.Can I quote Oscar Wilde?
January: The Crazy Reason the Number on Your Calendar Just Got Bigger
August: Topless One Direction Nude, Cialis Justin Bieber, Free Streaming XXX Overwatch, Latest Episode Scandal, Naked [editor’s note: There are no major American holidays in August, so this is a freebie headline.]
September: QUIZ: Which of These Mondays Do You Get Off This Month?
That Google appears to be in opposition to these shenanigans is nice, but don’t assume that it’s at all opposed to advertising. Last month, it began inserting promotional material for Beauty and the Beast into the My Day feature during the film’s release window. Burger King’s fun may be over for now, but you can probably expect this kind of alley-oop to show up again in the near future, with Google’s approval. What a fun world we’ve built ourselves.
“We think about our guests’ perception and their perspective on how we interact with them, but on balance we felt this was a really positive way to connect with them,” Burger King president José Cil told the New York Times, heading off criticism about the ad being potentially invasive. Really, it’s a minor inconvenience that most TV-watching Google Home (and Amazon Echo) owners have experienced, more than it is invasive. At the same time, advertisers, don’t make this into a thing.
Burger King bought spots for the ad on networks including ABC, NBC, MTV, and Bravo on Wednesday night. Unfortunately for the burger chain, it doesn’t appear to have partnered with Google on the effort. As the Verge pointed out, and we can confirm, playing the spot no longer triggers the speaker to respond. This is likely done on Google’s end by flagging the specific audio “fingerprint” of the ad. A lot of TV watchers tonight are in for a confusing experience. (Although, I am sitting here blogging about an ad so … BK wins?)
This morning, Burger King released a new advertisement meant to simultaneously annoy you and make you think, Huh. Funny … In the 15-second spot, a Burger King worker laments not having enough time to pitch his burger, and then leans close and says, “Okay, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” That phrase is designed to trigger the voice-activated Google Home speaker, which then reads the description from Wikipedia.
I decided to sign up for all four at their most basic tier, and see which ones would mean I could watch opening-day baseball, or catch an episode of The Expanse live.
There are now four of these services on the market: Sling TV, PlayStation Vue, DirecTV Now, and YouTube TV. (Hulu is bringing out its own service at some point in 2017, but there aren’t many details about it yet.)
Pricing: Depending on your point of view, it’s either complicated or allows for a ton of consumer choice. There are a lot of options, and sorting out exactly what you’re getting takes some time.
But being a cord-cutter also means doing a lot of filling in around the edges. Netflix and Amazon Prime are great for movies and TV shows, but watching live TV, especially live sports, used to mean hoping it was airing on an over-the-air local TV channel; watching at a friend’s house; venturing onto a malware-loaded site for a grainy livestream; or toughing it out at a sports bar, which, generally speaking, is a bit like living inside a Murray Hill–bro’s brain.
Who Should Get It: Those seeking truly skinny bundles. If you only care about getting, say, Comedy Central, CNN, and ESPN, you can get live TV for crazy cheap.
Sling TV has the cheapest starting points of the four services, with a $20 Orange package that nets you channels like ESPN, CNN, and AMC. You won’t get any local channels, but if you have a decent over-the-air antenna (and get reception), you won’t need it. $25 gets the Blue package, which removes some options (no more ESPN), but adds others (e.g., Syfy, FX, and Bravo) and a few local channels (Fox and NBC in select markets). For $40, you can get both packages together. Then there are various add-on channels, which range from $5 to $10, that give you smaller additional packages of TV channels, focusing on things like Spanish-language channels, sports, or hard news.
The Bad: The Sling TV app is still somewhat buggy on every device I used it on (iPhone, Android, macOS, and an Amazon Fire Stick), and I had to restart streams a few times. Support is spotty across older smart TVs made before 2014 or so. Search functionality isn’t great, and setting up your favorite shows is weird and confusing. Cloud DVR recording is available, but only 50 hours worth — you have to pay $5 for it, and it’s only available on Android and Roku.
The Good: It works with many of the newer smart TVs, Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple TV, Chromcast, and Xbox One, giving it some of the broadest support of any of the livestreaming services. The plans are a little complicated, but give you the most freedom in what you want to watch. Prepay for a month of service, and they’ll send you a free Roku Express.
Pricing: There are just four tiers to pick from, which start at $40 and range up to $75 — with the highest tier including premium channels like HBO and Showtime.
The Good: Vue offers up a cloud-based DVR service that will store episodes of nearly any show (except those shown by CBS) for up to 28 days. Works well on a PlayStation (of course), but also supports Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS. If you’re willing to pay, it has the most complete lineup of channels around — but you may also end up spending more than you would have if you had stuck with a regular cable package. It offers the most broadcast networks of any of the livestreaming TV services currently.
The Bad: Search functionality is spotty — better spell the name of the show you’re looking for exactly right, otherwise you won’t find it. The app seems to favor channels owned by Sony itself — Vue really wants you to check out stuff on TruTV, for instance. A dispute with Viacom means that Viacom channels aren’t available for any price — no MTV or Comedy Central in sight. Fast-forwarding on many on-demand shows is disabled, which can be a major pain if you stop watching halfway through something and want to watch the rest later.
Who Should Get It: If you want something that most closely resembles the cable package that you can currently get from your cable provider, minus Viacom channels, Vue is it — and you’ll be able to watch your shows from a lot more places and devices.
Pricing: Another four-tier model, this time with annoying names like “Live a Little” ($35 a month) and “Gotta Have It All ($70 a month).
The Good: Adding premium channels like HBO is only $5, making it significantly cheaper than competing services, all of which charge $15. Prepay for one month, and they’ll send you a free Amazon Fire Stick.
Pricing: Dead simple. You have one option: $35 a month for about 40 channels. You can do a few add-ons like HBO or Showtime, but that’s about it.
The Good: On your phone and computer, it has a fantastic user experience. Searching for shows is easy, and you can even search for things like themes — “buddy comedies” quickly brings up 21 Jump Street and Ride Along. It comes with an infinite cloud DVR that keeps shows for up to nine months — you can record as much as you want, without worry. You can even do this for live sports; one click means you can set YouTube TV to record every Knicks or Mets game that comes on. Smooth streaming and easy controls.
The Bad: There are only two ways to watch it on your actual TV: plug in your laptop or use a Chromecast. Both are not great options — hooking up your PC is a pain, and Chromecast doesn’t offer some other basic streaming services, like Amazon Prime, and makes you use your smartphone as a remote. Again, the Viacom dispute means no MTV or Comedy Central. There are some serious gaps in the channels offered, compared to other services. For what’s offered, $35 feels steep — the same amount can get you a lot more with any of the other services.
Who Should Get It: If the channel lineup on YouTube TV matches up closely with your tastes — and you watch the majority of your TV on your laptop, phone, or tablet anyway — this is the easiest way to build up a massive DVR collection of your favorite shows.
That said, this is a market in flux: Both Sling TV and PlayStation Vue have added and dropped channels within the past few months, YouTube TV is barely a week old, and Hulu will enter the scene soon (and we’ll likely see a few more entrants, including Amazon, within the year).
This is going to be a scary year for the companies that own live-TV streaming services: It’s a developing market with a lot of competition (including from traditional cable companies), and I fully expect a few of these services to be gone by the end of 2018. But as a consumer, it’s a good time to jump in. Price-and-channel-availability competition will be fierce, which should lead to better choices for you. All of these services offer free trials, so you can get a sense of how the service will work with the tech you already have, and which ones offer the channels you want for the least amount of money. And since all are month-to-month services, if you decide that you hate the service you’re on, you can always cancel it and move on to the next one.
Of the four I tested, I would steer most people toward Sling TV. You can easily get a bundle that will include everything you want for less than you’re paying your cable company, and Sling TV, while not perfect, has the best selection of channels available right now.
Over the past week, Facebook has been advertising a ten-point “Tips to Spot False News” primer at the top of users’ News Feeds, designed as a complement to a new feature that allows readers to report suspicious news stories. This is good, of course — Facebook was slow to address the fake-news problem, but is clearly serious about addressing it.
But the specific advice Facebook gives to readers is also inadvertently a demonstration in just how tricky it is to offer up concrete rules about how to avoid fake news — or what “fake news” constitutes — that don’t rely on a presumption that users already have a rather high degree of news and tech savviness. The primer also shows how hard it can be to improve literacy practices by referencing concepts like accurate and believable that have, unfortunately, been thoroughly relativized by a hyperpolarized political and media environment.
Let’s dive into the specifics:
Exclamation marks, sure. But how does one define a “shocking” or “unbelievable” claim? One of the central problems of the “fake news” is that politically motivated reasoning renders news consumers unable to accurately assess believability. A person who has been primed to believe that Hillary Clinton is a ruthless, corrupt criminal — for example — is not going to find a claim that she had an FBI agent killed “unbelievable.”
Or:
Unless you already possess a fairly high degree of media literacy, you likely lack the base of knowledge required to discern a “phony or look-alike URL” from a “real” one.
Sure, this might eliminate the “Denver Guardians” and other baldly false news sources of the world, but on the other hand: Enough people trust Breitbart for it to be a distressingly powerful news organization. And if you check a shady news outfit’s About section … “Well, it says here that this organization is ‘dedicated to unraveling the criminal conspiracy that is the Clinton Foundation.’ Sounds legit!”
You know what else has awkward layouts and unusual formatting? Just about every single local TV news site, and nearly every newspaper smaller than the Los Angeles Times.
Same thing! Plenty of people are sharing stories they “know to be credible” that make no sense at all.
The point here isn’t to bash Facebook — and this list does contain some useful advice. But it reflects an inability on the part of media and tech elites to understand that their reading and critical-thinking habits are, very, very different from those of the everyday public. And on top of the fact that many members of that public simply haven’t been trained to read the news in a critical way, they are getting batted around by a media and internet ecosystem that, through choices in design and incentive, encourages false, misleading, hyperpartisan, and otherwise inaccurate “news.” What’s going on here is a lot deeper than people simply failing to check whether the stories they share are accurate.
Another secret software program, known only to a select few ranking members of Uber, has been revealed in a new report from the Information. The program, known internally as “Hell” and shut down at the beginning of 2016, tracked drivers working for rival app Lyft, allowing Uber to figure out which drivers were working for both apps.
“Hell” (the antithesis of another program that tracked Uber drivers called “God View” or “Heaven”) worked by creating a fake Lyft account, and then spoofing a location to see what drivers were in the area. Drivers on Lyft are also assigned a persistent ID number, allowing Uber to track when and where the most active drivers were. From the report:
The “Hell” revelations open Uber up to potential legal action from Lyft, and all of this comes on top of the disastrous 2017 the company has been having, amid claims of a hostile, sexist work environment; an exodus of top talent; and open speculation about whether Kalanick is fit to continue serving as CEO.
Uber declined to comment on the software to the Information.
Uber’s use of tracking software and its aggressive position toward Lyft are hardly new. At a party a couple years ago, Uber displayed the real-time locations of tech leaders as thy traveled in Ubers around the country. Earlier this year, the New York Times revealed “Greyball,” a program for keeping tabs on government regulators. Uber also ran into scandal a couple years ago when it was revealed that employees were ordering Lyft’s and then canceling them, in order to discourage drivers.
This winter, in the throes of my seasonal depression, I fell down an Instagram rabbit hole, and before I knew it, half of my Instagram feed was videos of people playing with slime. Slime, if you haven’t encountered it on any of your social feeds — or at a child’s birthday party — is a strange, mushy semi-solid that can be made easily with Elmer’s glue, borax, and water, plus a mess of strange sequins, colored dye, and commentary. Slime is so popular as a craft project among teens and preteens that stores are struggling to keep Elmer’s glue on the shelves.
But the question why is a bit more difficult than the question how much. None of the teen creators I spoke with could enunciate exactly what it was about slime that appealed to them. Alyssa J. makes slime because she loves it. “It’s a way to express yourself in a different way. It’s just fun to listen to and see all the creations,” she says.
Alyssa makes her slime and slime videos in her free time, after school and her homework is done. Sometimes, she spends more than 20 hours a week making slime in her room. And she has to, in order to maintain her brand. She uploads three videos a day — and, of course, all of them need a new slime and an edited video. “The only reason I sell slime is so I can make more slime,” Alyssa says. But some users sell their slime for pretty good money: 13-year-old Theresa Nguyen — who has about the same number of followers as Alyssa on Instagram, where she posts as @Rad.Slime — told Money magazine recently that she’s making about $3,000 a month. Alyssa isn’t making that much. Her slimes sell almost at cost: $7.57 for butter slime, $6.60 for teal confetti with big beads, $12.41 for jiggly, blue slime.
That pairing of sensory enjoyment — to see and to listen — came up with every teen I talked to. “I just love it for some odd reason,” says Carlie, a 12-year-old slime fan who recently started making her own slime. She did specify that for her, the appeal was “the sound and feeling of it.” For Donna Boyd, a 17-year-old from Harrisburg, Virginia, slime is therapeutic. She’s never purchased slime, or made it herself. She just watches hundreds of videos from her five favorite accounts over and over again. “It honestly just makes me happy and de-stresses me,” Donna told me. “I suffer from anxiety, and slime videos help me a lot during panic attacks.” She says she gets lost in them after watching a few, going into a kind of meditative state. One teen I spoke to, Rachel M., told me she spends “at least 15 hours a week” just watching slime videos and playing with slime. She has only bought two slimes herself, but she loves them and says, “I need them.”
In this way, slime videos fall broadly into the uniquely internet genre of film that focuses on providing sensual experiments, instead of telling a story or providing a tutorial. There’s a community of people who make and watch videos of people mixing paints, for example, and another for woodcutting, and artists manipulating clay on the wheel. One of the most reliably popular genre of videos on the internet is “unboxing,” in which people take electronics or other products out of their boxes. Last year, the link-sharing site Digg had a viral hit with “The Most Satisfying Video in the World,” a video compiling images of smoothly working machinery and other oddly soothing clips.
Slime videos are part science, part meditation, and part art form. They’re also a business. Slime creators have hundreds of thousands of followers, and sell their slime on Etsy for money. @Slime.Bun, one of my favorites, has more than 200,000 followers; @slimequeeens has almost 700,000. It’s an industry dominated by teens who started making their own slime just because they loved it — and starting selling it to enable their habit. Alyssa J., a 15-year-old slime creator whose mother preferred that she keep her last name secret for privacy reasons, just started her slime account in August 2016. She says she saw tutorials on Pinterest, and that it “just looked fun,” so she decided to start an account herself. Alyssa’s account, @craftyslimecreator, now has 431,000 followers.
The most famous genre of sensual video is probably Auto-Sensory Meridian Response, or ASMR, the term used to explain the phenomenon of full-body response to sounds — everything from whispering and scratching to pages turning and Bob Ross. ASMR has firmly planted itself in internet culture; a Reddit subgroup on the topic has 125,000 followers, and ASMR YouTube creators (like ASMRrequests) have half a million followers. “When I watch a slime video, it triggers a sharp shiver that starts in my neck, runs down my back, and ends with a gentle, pleasant buzzing in my head,” Isabel Slone wrote in a piece for Hazlitt about her obsession with the medium. But they’re not quite the same: As Slone writes, “Slime isn’t easily identifiable as an ASMR trigger because the appeal is primarily visual rather than auditory.”
And, indeed, other sensual videos don’t hold quite the same appeal as slime does for its enthusiasts. “I only really like slime videos,” Donna says. The same goes for Rachel, though she says she also likes watching unboxing videos because those are relaxing.
But if slime is the thing, why watch other people play with it instead of making and playing with it yourself? “This may sound weird, but I think the difference is the control,” Donna tells me. “In a video, I can’t decide what they do, which kind of adds to the satisfaction of it.” Watching someone else ply and poke and squish slime together is calming. It’s easy, as the repetition washes over you, to lose track of yourself and your worries; the video becomes a momentary escape from quickly moving, anxiety-inducing social-media feeds. All slime videos are somewhat the same: A colorful slime gets poked, prodded, maybe even cut, and then reformed and squashed back together again. But — like praying or meditating — they allow a brief suspension of the self, in an environment founded entirely on the self’s constant construction and reconstruction. “It doesn’t matter what it’s used for,” Alyssa told me near the end of our interview, dragging out “used” so that it sounded like the most absurd request in the world for a giggly, blue goo to have a purpose. “It’s just slime. Get it?”
But Slime achieves its highest calling — and reaches its largest audience — as the subject of mesmerizing videos on Instagram. In real life, slime is a sticky, gooey, watery, semi-solid mush, but through the lens of a camera phone, it’s enchanting — colorful, sparkly, and loud. In the foreground of a typical slime video, a hand removes the colorful goo from its container and smushes it, creating holes and gaps — eliciting a gentle smacking sound before folding it over itself and starting again, in a theoretically infinite loop of recreation — pushing and pulling the substance apart.
Yuri Gagarin. John Glenn. Neil Armstrong. And, of course, this:
ASAN is trying to draw Trump’s attention to the overview effect, also sometimes simply known as The Blue Marble. You know the picture — it’s one of the most reproduced in human history:
All will be remembered as pioneers in humanity’s leap toward the stars.
So while the tweet attached to the weather balloon may seem a little rowdy, it’s really just quoting one of the 12 people to have actually stepped foot on our nearest celestial neighbor, and his epiphany that while our world seems very, very large while we are on it, it’s actually quite small — and floating in a void of such immense vastness, it does H.P. Lovecraft–ian things to the brain to try to comprehend it.
That picture was taken by the Apollo 17 mission, the last manned mission to the moon, but the overview effect actually dates back to a bit earlier, to the Apollo 14 mission. Astronaut Edgar Mitchell, the sixth person to walk on the moon, described viewing the earth from outer space like this:
Whether Donald Trump will see the tweet, of course, depends on whether or not Fox News decides to cover it.
It’s “promposal” season, which means all of the teens are getting out their poster board and sharpies to ask that special someone to the big shindig in as viral a way as possible. This week, Marlen Williams decided to shoot his shot with the most baffling promposal sign I’ve ever seen. The staff of Select All spent a while trying to figure out what the hell it said, and this blog post now exists so that all of that effort didn’t go to waste.
… and was quickly shot down.
Many people were confused by this sign, which might say, “You’ll run the I’ll be 12 I’d love to take a shot at prom with you #12.”
One hero stepped up to help translate this arcane syntax …
You can check out a closer view of the sign above. The sign, like all great mysteries, seems to adhere to no central structure or logic, existing in defiance of the natural order of time and space.
Maybe someday soon we will solve this mystery. Maybe. In the meantime, she said yes, so that’s nice.
Nintendo announced today that it was not producing any more cutesy consoles, which were an instant smash hit, selling out everywhere within minutes of going on sale. In a statement provided to Waypoint, it said:
If you were hoping to snag one of Nintendo’s NES Classic consoles, you might want to give up now. For consumers who weren’t able to snag one in time for the holidays, and hoped they would magically appear back in stock afterward, we have some bad news.
Hopefully, in any event, Nintendo might learn from their mistakes when they inevitably announce some sort of Super NES version. And in the meantime, they just doubled production on their newest console, the Nintendo Switch, which shows a lot of promise.
Snapchat isn’t as big as Facebook — which means it not only has fewer users, but that those users are less likely to have their entire social circles on the app. This less comprehensive social graph means that Snapchat needs a real competitive edge to bring people over to its app. For a long time, that edge was Stories, a fresh and interesting type of social-media post.
That Instagram Stories are already seeing more users than Snapchat confirms a couple of assertions. The first is, more than any single product or feature, the social graph (friends, family, and the links between every part of your social circle) that most networks maintain is their single most important asset. Instagram’s Stories are successful, in part, because you didn’t need to build an entire new friends list. The second is, Facebook is completely unafraid of leveraging its enormous social graph to make use of its competitors’ innovations and choke those competitors out. This is obviously terrifying to Snapchat — but users should be terrified, too.
There’s a long, not-so-proud history in the tech industry of larger companies enfolding smart features and ideas from smaller ones into their platforms, often killing small businesses in a single move. The company most famous for this behavior is Apple, which once updated its Sherlock search bar to copy a feature from a third-party app called “Watson,” obviating Watson, and giving rise to the term “Sherlocking.” (Apple is still up to this: Its new screen-dimming feature Night Shift is just a version of a popular app called f.lux.)
Facebook, since it launched Instagram Stories, has argued that Stories is a format, more than a proprietary piece of technology owned by Snapchat. This is a fair defense. (Arguably, “stories” is a social-media commodity.) But Facebook is not copying just one feature of Snapchat, it’s also copying the app’s layout (swiping between camera screens, public feeds, and your inbox). And this week, Facebook changed its direct-messaging software to more closely mirror Snapchat’s. It’s also already introduced cut-and-pasted geofilters, stickers, and virtual face masks to its Stories products on Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp. This has gone far beyond copying a single feature from Snapchat — Facebook is stripping the smaller app and installing its parts, and because of its size, it can get away with it.
When Scotty Allen decided he wanted an iPhone 6s, he didn’t want to pick one at the Apple store. Allen’s been living in Shenzhen, China, for over a year now; and while there’s an Apple store there, Allen wanted to explore the markets of Huaqiangbei, where cell-phone parts are sold the same way you might browse old records or Princess Diana commemorative plates at a flea market in the States.
For me, it was really about the challenge. Is this possible? And what can you learn along the way? And what other doors open along the way?
I think phones are ripe for that. It really isn’t that hard to crack open a phone, or even build one from scratch. I’m a little bit perplexed about why we’re not seeing more of that desktop-modding culture come to cell phones. Modding culture brought with it a whole bunch of innovation — like, “Oh I can do anything? Let’s see how far we can take it.” And you’re not seeing that with cell phones.
What quickly happened is, people discovered that if you placed a heavy red outline and the battle options around someone — bang, instant meme.
But any coward can Photoshop some menu options on top of something. The artist Henri Matisse once said, “The artist begins with a vision — a creative operation requiring effort. Creativity takes courage.”
But as her success skyrocketed, her spirits plummeted. As Allie’s popularity and profits increased, her mother started pressuring her to work long hours filming and editing.
Allie developed an anxiety disorder, and eventually left her mother’s house without a word to stay with her father, abandoning the doll collection she’d long begun to resent.
Hunter co-founded the Family Video Network (FVN) three years ago. FVN began as a proprietary network, the subsidiary of a multi-channel network (MCN) called Creative Nation, which works directly with YouTube — the interlocking ecosystem of these subgroups gets convoluted pretty quickly. Now an MCN itself, FVN acts as an intermediary between YouTube and individual channels, as well as between the channels themselves. It provides expertise and advice, encourages cross-promotion, and creates sponsorship opportunities.
Many parents join online communities of family vloggers, both on YouTube and outside of it. They share their experiences, ask for advice, and support each other as their families and businesses change. These communities are useful and largely positive, but they can also become an echo chamber of support for parenting perspectives outside the norm. Influencer marketing, in which popular internet personalities are paid to use or endorse products, has been a huge boon, especially for products targeted toward kids and teens, and families can quickly become reliant on the extra income. As their businesses grow, it’s tempting to start treating kids like employees, and these pockets of support help justify practices like scripting videos, filming emergency room and dental visits, and homeschooling kids to better accommodate a work schedule. “There are channels making more in a month than some people could ever hope to make in a year, in their life.” Hunter said. “So I think some parents are delusional because they don’t want to give up the money.”
But monitoring viewer and creator behavior at that scale is a challenge. YouTube does not have any legal authority over creators, nor do they have the resources to examine and approve the 400 hours of new content uploaded to YouTube every minute. And the viewer reports they typically rely on to catch misconduct are not as effective with an audience overwhelmingly comprised of primary schoolers on Mom’s iPad. Still, the platform could do a lot more to develop and promote guidelines for best practices.
Allie’s channel went dormant for a year and a half, as she regained her confidence and forcefully took back control of the AdSense account linked to her channel.
Allie’s channel led to years of pain, but she’s excited to be making videos again. Like so many other kids on the platform, it was she who grew up watching YouTube; she who fell in love with videos of kids like her; and she who wanted desperately to make her own.
Yesterday’s Turkish referendum granted increasingly authoritarian President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan even more power over the country in a narrow vote. Nevertheless, it has created at least one meme. Nusret Gökçe — the sunglasses-wearing, seasoning-sprinkling chef known as Salt Bae — cast his vote in the same way he adds salt: with pinched fingers and a bit of flair.
Robert Taylor, the man perhaps most responsible for the modern internet, passed away Thursday, April 13, at the age of 85.
The project, later called ARPANET, laid the groundwork for the modern internet. Several key decisions, such as distributing data to nodes along the network, instead of using a centralized control program, helped make the modern internet as open and resilient as it is today. A 1968 paper written by Taylor and J.C.R. Licklider, “The Computer as a Communication Device,” essentially lays out a road map to what would eventually become the internet as we know it today.
But there was a problem: All the researchers who used the MIT computer could communicate with one another easily, but not with researchers using the computer at Berkeley. Communities were becoming siloed, depending on which mainframe they were sharing.
A couple of years ago, the notoriously shameless tabloid the Daily Mail purchased a website known as Elite Daily, a kind of industrialized content farm that churns out hundreds of blog posts a day, engineered to go viral on Facebook with grabby headlines, generic life advice, and pop-culture GIFs. The site refers to itself as “the voice of generation Y,” and publishes articles like “Men Admit the Unrealistic Expectations You Have About Dating and It’s Pretty Spot On” and “6 Ways Canceling My Gym Membership Helped Me Lose More Weight Faster.”
That larger entity turned out to be the online arm of the Daily Mail, which bought Elite Daily for a reported $47 million dollars in 2015, turning the owners of a shoestring garbage farm into millionaires overnight. At the time, Gawker referred to the joining of the families as a “Voltron of shit.” But the Daily Mail was never able to spin much gold out of Elite Daily, which seemed to have finally been kneecapped by changes to Facebook’s News Feed sorting, and at the end of the last year, the company took a $31 million write-down on the acquisition.
Of course, Elite Daily’s audience isn’t composed solely of members of the press — it’s composed of millennial readers who are visiting the site half as often as they used to. Maybe it’s because Facebook changed its algorithms, or maybe it’s because they finally got sick of the site. Either way, he’s got a tough road ahead. Then again, maybe Goldberg is just looking to buy some MacBooks, a dozen millennial writers, and a Facebook page with 3.5 million “likes” at bargain-basement prices.
But, like another viral genius, Elite Daily has risen. Today, it was announced that Bustle, another Facebook-fueled content farm — this one aimed at women — purchased Elite Daily for an undisclosed amount. Bustle launched in 2013, led and funded by former Bleacher Report co-founder Bryan Goldberg, whose general understanding of female-oriented media at the time seemed to be “women be shopping.” (To his credit: In an increasingly unstable environment for digital publishing, Bustle seems to be doing quite well.) Contacted by Business Insider, Goldberg rejected the idea that Elite Daily was a toxic asset. “This property is valuable, I know it’s valuable,” he told the site. “If there’s one person who doesn’t care what the press thinks, it’s me.”
Elite Daily has always been a legendarily shady operation, as the Awl reported all the way back in 2014, but its institutional mandate to find and exploit the weaknesses in Facebook’s sorting algorithms with a tsunami of trash — often with articles written under pseudonyms, or by using a well-known byline without the author’s permission — made it, briefly, an enormously successful shady operation: A deeply cynical pump-and-dump scheme designed to foster incredible growth by aping whatever sensibility was popular on social media that week, and then sell to a larger entity.
Right now, tipping an Uber driver is one of those weird things. If I have a few singles on me, I’ll try to do it, especially if the driver does something, like help loading a bag for a ride to the airport, or is just generally pleasant. I hand over a few dollars, the driver is usually pretty appreciative, and I get to feel like a good person. Pretty good ROI for the price of a pack of Skittles.
But I often don’t have cash on me, or can’t do the “just gimme three back” tip that you can do in a yellow cab, if paying with larger bills. And there’s no way to tip in the Uber app — part of its whole pitch for years has been that the tip is just magically worked into the price of the ride. So if I don’t have a few dollars on me and reach my reach destination, I usually just mumble, “Thanks,” and step out of the car.
This induces some guilt, because everything points toward the fact that Uber has been able to get me such cheap rides around town partly through aggressively screwing over drivers. Sometimes, its CEO even gets in on the act. (There’s also the fact that Uber is borrowing and losing billions of dollars on cheap rides, as well as skirting tax laws in some countries, but we’ll leave that for another time.)
But that awkward tipping moment may be going away, at least in New York City. New York’s Taxi and Limousine Commission said on Monday, it is proposing that any car service that only uses credit cards (i.e., every ride-hailing app in existence) have the option to tip built into the app.
It feels like the tech world’s version of a backdoor pilot; a Yahoo (or Altaba? or Oath?) initiative Frankensteined onto its most colorful, youthful brand. Or maybe Tumblr — which has been plagued by reports of mismanagement by its corporate parent ever since the acquisition — is looking to pivot to a new business entirely.
The world, as we all know from living in it, is very boring. Luckily, there’s now a way to spruce it up, with Snapchat’s World Lenses.
Snapchat’s live filters have been impressive for adding real-time 3-D effects to faces and selfies, but World Lenses are for your rear-facing camera. Take a picture of any scene, and you can tap to add floating, real-time elements to your picture, like a floating rainbow or rain cloud, or just a big “Hello!”
But the “move fast and break things” mantra that has helped Silicon Valley disrupt countless industries over the last two decades is more dangerous when applied to medical science. The roadblocks that health tech companies run into are not qualitatively different from the ones that all tech companies run into. But when Uber or Airbnb run afoul of their respective laws, the result is abstracted lost money out of someone’s pocket — the government, independent contractors, independent businesses, other segments of the market. When Airbnb keeps viable apartments off the market so they can be rented short-term to its users, the money can theoretically be remanded if someone determines that Airbnb is doing something wrong. The “things” being broken by the current generation of unicorns are regulatory regimes. (Valuable, useful regulatory regimes, to be sure.) The “things” being broken by health start-ups are laws of science and ironclad guidelines for research. When a health start-up “moves fast and breaks things,” it can directly result in the death, dismemberment, and injury of real people. You can’t un-kill someone who died thanks to a bad diagnosis (at least, there’s no start-up hawking that yet).
There’s always room to be wrong in business. But there’s less of that room when it comes to medical treatment. That it appears all the same to even the highest-profile venture capitalists actually turns out to make a lot of sense.
Up next was something more impressive: A scene at a breakfast table, in which the user was able to make text rise up out of the tabletop and sharks swim in a circle around a cereal bowl, all of it with the digital animation perfectly in sync with the physical world; the sharks rose up and disappeared back into the tabletop, and disappeared from view when they went behind the rim of the cereal bowl. The only AR I’ve seen able to replicate this level of physical-and-digital interaction is Microsoft’s HoloLens, which currently costs about $5,000.
That’s not quite true: The News Feed and its associated products were prominently mentioned once. At the top of the program, Zuckerberg spoke briefly about this weekend’s shooting in Cleveland, video of which was uploaded to Facebook before the killer made a live broadcast. “We have a lot more to do here. We’re reminded of this this week by the tragedy in Cleveland,” he said. “Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Robert Godwin Sr., and we have a lot of work, and we’ll keep doing all we can to keep tragedies like this from happening.”
The third primary truth about the News Feed is that it sucks, for users and for the publishers that create large swaths of its popular content. Recent reports from Digiday and the Verge indicate that Facebook’s “Instant Articles” program, designed to encourage publishers to host content on Facebook itself, is losing some of it partners. According to Digiday, the New York Times “stopped using Instant Articles after a test last fall that found that links back to the Times’ own site monetized better than Instant Articles.” The CEO of a trade group representing publishers like Condé Nast, ESPN, and Vox told the Verge that the “revenue [from the Instant Articles program] in no way backed up the amount of time that was being spent on it.”
Worse, and scarier for Facebook, is that the News Feed is an alienating and difficult experience for the everyday users who make up its main audience. When it first launched in 2007, the News Feed was a convenient way to find out what friends were up to. But as the size of each user’s friends list grew, users began to suffer from what researcher danah boyd has termed “context collapse,” the difficulty of maintaining multiple personas under a single digital identity. You interact with your family in one way, your close friends in another, contacts from work in yet another way, and so on and so forth. Last year, Facebook began to worry about a decline in users posting information about themselves, which the company needs for ad targeting, its bread and butter.
That’s why Snapchat poses such a threat to Facebook. Unlike the News Feed, which is structured around the increasingly perilous act of posting publicly (or so widely accessible it might as well be public) online, Snapchat is focused around private messaging, one-on-one or in small groups. And the posts are, by default, temporary. The one-to-many mode of broadcasting doesn’t suit the average social-media user, it only suits people and companies that want to “build their brand” and amass a following.
Nintendo broke a lot of hearts when it announced it was discontinuing production on the NES Classic last week. The Classic — a pitch-perfect, miniaturized version of the original 8-bit NES system that came with 30 expertly curated games — was one of my favorite gadgets released last year. Too bad so few people got to actually play one — the $59.99 system was almost continuously sold out, and for most consumers, the only way to get one was to overpay wildly on sites like eBay. The demand was there, so why did Nintendo decide to stop making them?
The Super Nintendo, in many ways, also represents the high-water mark for Nintendo. Its later systems, while continuing to put out quality games, were slowly overshadowed, first by Sony’s PlayStation and then by Microsoft’s Xbox. The N64’s reliance on cartridges instead of CD-roms hamstrung it, meaning genre redefining games like Final Fantasy VII ended up going to Sony. The GameCube never truly hit its stride, thanks again to being technologically weaker than its competitors. The Wii turned into a massive hit, but it was a hit because it expanded into a new audience of people who could play games simply by swinging their arms around. Its library of games in no way matched what was put out for the SNES — for many people, it was a machine that let you play Wii Sports, and not much else. And the Wii U was simply a disaster for Nintendo. The Switch is selling incredibly well — enough so that Nintendo said it will double the number of systems it plans to put out this year — and Nintendo seems to have refound its footing. But for many (including me), the Super Nintendo will always be the best system Nintendo ever put out.
There is still a chance that this could all be rumor, of course. The SNES Classic — or Mini SNES, or whatever Nintendo ends up calling it — might never see the light of day. Or, even worse, it could replicate what it did with the NES Classic, and release just enough systems to get fans excited, without nearly enough to meet demand (and thus making a ton of eBay resellers some cash in the process). But if Nintendo nails it — and the company certainly seems to be on a hot streak right now — this will be the holiday gift to get come December.
An earthshaking report from Bloomberg this morning threatens to destabilize one of Silicon Valley’s buzziest new ventures.
For the record, you need to own a Juicero in order to receive the bags, which cost between $5 and $8 each. You can’t just buy them at the grocery store. The device also reads a QR code on the bag, in order to make sure the contents haven’t expired (the expiration dated is printed on the bag as well).
The vibe of the second day of F8 was more like grad students who decided to get really stoned and think about the future for a while, with the main topic being, “Wouldn’t it be cool if like … we were the computers?”
Yael Maguire, part of Facebook’s Connectivity Lab, said their strategy is using “the atmosphere and the stratosphere” to get people connected to the internet — specifically by using millimeter-wave (MMW) radio technology to blanket an urban area in high-speed internet, or by using cellular networks to provide data connections in parts of the world that fiber-optic cable simply hasn’t reached yet.
Following that, Michael Abrash of Oculus took the stage and gave a long presentation on the future of augmented-reality glasses. AR glasses, of course, have had a certain odor of failure on them ever since Google Glass, and Abrash was quick to say that everything he was talking about was far in the future — 20 or 30 years from now. His talk was more of a look at how Facebook is thinking about what’s necessary for AR glasses to be successful — the lens and optics, the AI needed, how to handle interaction — than a concrete presentation. Abrash’s main argument for AR glasses can be boiled down to: This is a technology that makes sense and people will want; technology is always advancing (usually faster than we think); and therefore, someday someone will invent AR glasses that are both usable, comfortable, and socially acceptable. But the biggest takeaway was that by dedicating this much time to essentially a “wouldn’t it be cool if” presentation shows how Facebook is serious about AR.
Finally, Regina Dugan, previously the head of Google’s Advanced Technology and Projects and before that head of research at DARPA, talked about direct brain-computer interfaces. Dugan’s speech touched on two main initiatives. One, that using passive brain monitoring (i.e., nothing gets drilled into your skull), her team believes they can produce something that will allow a user to type 100 words per minute — using only their brain. What’s more, she expects that they’ll be able to deliver a prototype of this in the next couple of years. The second was even more impressive, mainly because part of it has already been done: giving people the ability to decode language through touch. Of course, people have been doing this for nearly 200 years through Braille, but this was a bit different. An experiment showed a woman wearing a series of 16 actuators on her left arm, tuned to different frequencies. The woman (who was not deaf or blind) learned nine simple words purely by the tactile sensations coming from those sensors. She was then able to translate those words — for example, “grasp blue sphere” — as they related to a series of objects put in front of her. Essentially, the technology could create a universal tactile language — something that would allow a person to, as Dugan put it, “think in Mandarin, but feel in Spanish.”
It’s easy to roll your eyes at a lot of this stuff — laser drones and AR glasses and typing 100 words per minute with just your brain. But none of the presenters are lightweights in their fields, and Facebook has quietly been amassing a murderer’s row of talent in long-distance communication and AI and AR. With Google seemingly abandoning many of its own “moonshot” projects, and Apple quietly working on something related to AR but staying mum, Facebook’s futurism suddenly makes it seem very different from the rest of the Silicon Valley crowd. Whether any of this actually helps a company that still draws most of its income from delivering direct-sales ads to your eyeballs remains an open question.
The main problem with Google screening ads across the web is that Google is heavily reliant on advertising, specifically ads in its search results, and its programmatic AdSense platform. Its business is almost entirely advertising. Last year, according to Alphabet’s financial reports, Google brought in $89.4 billion in revenue, $79.3 billion of which was from advertising. That’s 88 percent of its business, and now Google wants to control what competitors in the space can do as well.
Advertising sucks. Nobody is debating this. But letting one monolithic company control, at a software level, whether or not its competitors even have a chance is absurd. In the end, it comes down to whether or not you trust Google to act responsibly (hint: you shouldn’t).
On the one hand, this is nice for consumers because advertising has grown pushy and invasive, and it bogs down your web-browsing experience. And it’s creepy, as advertisers track your habits around the web.
Palmer Luckey is back! You may recall that months ago, the virtual-reality wunderkind was mothballed by Facebook and Oculus, after it was revealed that he was the mysterious funder behind the Nimble America political-action committee, which sought to prove that “meme magic is real” by way of “shitposting” and trolling on social media during election season.
But Luckey wasn’t just sitting around twiddling his thumbs. According to financial documents reviewed by Mother Jones, Luckey donated $100,000 to President Trump’s inauguration through a shell company, Wings of Time, LLC. (A giveaway: The name is a reference to the classic RPG Chrono Trigger.) That company is managed by another entity, of which Luckey is the sole officer. Wings of Time also shares its address with a third company registered to Luckey. (Luckey’s net worth is estimated to be around $700 million.)
After Luckey confirmed that he had funded the operation, which set up an anti–Hillary Clinton billboard outside Pittsburgh and … not much else, Facebook squirreled him away. He did not appear at public events for Facebook, though he did show up to testify in an intellectual-property lawsuit a couple of months ago. Last month, it was announced that he had parted ways with Oculus and Facebook.
The multimillionaire did not comment on the discovery, though the donations do refute an oft-repeated defense of Nimble America from last fall. Luckey’s defenders argued that the PAC was anti-Clinton, rather than explicitly pro-Trump — a splitting of hairs that gave the group some slight leeway. Luckey’s donation to Trump’s inauguration would seem to fly in the face of those arguments.
Asked about why he had donated to Trump’s inauguration, Luckey implied that he was greasing the wheels of politics in the way most big corporations do.
Intel, Microsoft, Qualcomm, Coca-Cola, and Wings of Time. The big five.
The listing was short-lived, however, and the student in question never actually got to rent the room. She was shut down by school officials and forced to take the listing down. Apparently, renting her dorm room on Airbnb violated school rules. “Assigned space is not transferable by the student,” the school’s policy states. Still, you have to respect a good side hustle. Even one that gets thwarted prematurely.
It’s a much-needed feature, and it one-ups Amazon’s Echo in one important way: The Google Home will switch between accounts simply by recognizing the sound of someone’s voice. It’s a much simpler, friendlier approach to multiple accounts.
Google Home still lags behind the Echo in a lot of important ways; there isn’t much third-party app support, and the smart-home integration is still far behind what the Echo can do. But recognizing each member of a household by voice is one differentiator — for now. I’d bet good money that Alexa catches up very soon.
The problem was that the Home could only use my calendar and Google-account info — my wife was left in the cold. But starting today, Google Home will allow for multiple Google accounts.
While you can set up multiple users on your Echo, you have to manually tell Alexa to switch between profiles, and it’s easy to forget which profile you’re using. It’s not a huge deal if you play a few songs off someone else’s Spotify account, but a slightly bigger deal if you ask Alexa to buy a two-pack of Dr. Bronner’s soap on someone else’s dime.
Silicon Valley juicing start-up Juicero’s new CEO Jeff Dunn has responded to yesterday’s earthshaking Bloomberg report, which revealed that the $400 Wi-Fi juice press was about as effective as human hands at squeezing juice out of a large bag. Juicero had raised $120 million in funding, but it forgot one crucial thing: Its customers are human beings with bodies that can also be used to perform physical tasks.
In a post on Medium, Dunn responded with some dubious points, none of which — to my mind — justify the cost of the hardware.
“The sum of the system — the Press, Produce Packs and App — working together is what enables a great experience,” he writes. Dunn then demonstrated what was in the packs by cutting into one and scooping out the produce inside.
(For the record, this is not what Bloomberg did. Its reporters smushed the pack and forced out the juice in a way similar to how the Juicero itself functions.)
In a show of good faith, Dunn offered to let anyone feeling buyer’s remorse return their Juicero for a full refund.
Following several stories from former employees — most notably, a detailed tell-all blog post from engineer Susan Fowler — citing a culture rampant with sexism and gender discrimination, Uber announced it would be conducting an independent review of the company. CEO Travis Kalanick hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to oversee the process. (It’s worth noting that Holder works for the law firm Covington & Burling, which Uber keeps on retainer for handling other issues.) Other members of the review team include Uber board member Arianna Huffington, Uber’s head of HR, and the company’s in-house counsel. The independent investigation was, according to an email from Kalanick to his staff back in February, supposed to wrap up sometime in May; but according to another email, sent this week by Arianna Huffington and obtained by Recode, Holder and Tammy Albarrán (another lawyer from Covington & Burling) have requested more time.
From Huffington, via Recode:
Based on the horror stories — like the female engineer who turned down an Uber recruiter only to have the recruiter insist that sexism is a problem everywhere, not just at Uber — it seems unlikely that Holder’s findings will be particularly positive.
The $7.7 million price tag is incredibly high for a patent. In its email to shareholders, Mobli said that the previous highest amount paid for an Israeli patent (where the company is based) was $2.7 million. But compare the patent’s price tag to Snapchat’s total $25 billion value, and it starts to look more like a bargain — less than $8 million to protect one of its app’s core features.
In what might be one of the best ways to protect itself from the looming shadow of Facebook, Snapchat has reportedly purchased the patent for geofilters from a smaller start-up. In an email sent to the shareholders of Mobli, obtained by TechCrunch, the company announced that it had sold the patent to Snapchat for a whopping $7.7 million.
The patent, titled “Methods and systems of providing visual content editing functions,” outlined how an image generated server side based on geolocation could be sent to a client device. “For example, the system allows a user to receive location based visual content editing functions which allow him to add automatically suitable graphics and/or text by a single click on the presented list,” it reads in one part.
After the company was accused of scabbing amid travel-ban protests at JFK Airport earlier this year, the hashtag #DeleteUber swept social media, with thousands of people doing just that: deleting the app and opting for alternatives like Lyft. (Keep in mind, Trump’s tech buddy Peter Thiel is a Lyft investor. So there’s that.) This week, Uber employees (which look to be about 19 men and only 1 woman) in San Francisco decided to fight back against the #DeleteUber campaign with a hashtag of their own, #Undelete. The employees spray-painted the hashtag in large letters onto a wall in an, um, tone-deaf attempt to bring people back to the app.
The street art — if that’s what you want to call it, though it seems insulting to the time-honored tradition of actual street art — was created in partnership with 1 AM (short for “First Amendment”), an SF-based group that “represents the freedom of speech through our urban art exhibitions, public murals, and experiences.” Can’t wait for somebody else to inevitably paint the word “delete” on top of Uber’s #Undelete wall. (If and when this happens, somebody please send Select All a picture.)
The S8’s OLED screen beats anything else on the market. The Pixel XL, which was previously the best-looking phone around, thanks to a bright OLED screen, can’t match it in size — the smaller S8 has a larger screen than the Pixel XL. It does this by shrinking down the bezels at the top and bottom of the phone to next to nothing, while using curved glass to get rid of any bezel on the side.
And Samsung’s OLED screen just looks better than the Pixel’s screen as well. Samsung says it’s the first “Mobile HDR Premium” phone available. HDR, or high dynamic range, is the latest buzzword in video displays, and generally means that a screen is able to show off a greater range of colors and brightness at the same time. In practice, this meant that when I played the same movie on the Pixel XL and S8+, side by side, the S8+ was noticeably better at showing off high-contrast scenes, such as a scene with a bright light shining through a dark room. Night scenes were easier to see, and in general, colors just had more pop. The difference was even more stark when playing a movie on an iPhone 7 Plus, which still uses old-school LCD screens.
The actual phone itself feels very good in hand, but the curved front and back glass also made me feel distinctly nervous while using it on the subway or a sidewalk without a case. If you use it one-handed, you need to keep a slightly tighter grip on the phone, even though it’s lighter than its competitors. And, at least on the S8+ I tested, that tall screen meant it was a bit of a reach for me to get to the pull-down screen at the top of the phone, where you control pretty much everything in Android. You can at least rest a little easier about drops around the sink and/or toilet — the phone is rated as water- and dust-resistant, meaning it can be dunked in about 5 feet of water for 30 minutes without damage.
One thing to note: By default, the S8 screen is actually set to 1080p resolution — you’ll need to jump into the settings to put the phone into its full high-resolution glory, which means a slight performance hit on the phone.
Bottom line: There isn’t a better phone screen available — and there may not be a better one until Samsung releases its next Galaxy phone. Samsung simply seems to have a lock on creating OLED screens that are immediately and obviously of a higher quality than the competition’s.
There’s still some overlap between Samsung and Google’s offerings (for instance, Samsung has its own web browser you can use, instead of Chrome), but for the most part, it’s a very intuitive phone with some features that Google’s own Pixel phones would be wise to steal (the ability to switch between battery-saver and high-performance mode on the fly, for instance). There are still moments, however, where the tension between Samsung obviously wanting to have its own OS and needing to be on Android become clear, such as its app search leading you to a page that shows you what other Galaxy users like — which then takes you to a Google Play page to actually buy it. It’s Samsung inserting itself in the process without much benefit, except to remind you that you’re using a Samsung phone.
Is pretty good! In quick tests against the Pixel and the iPhone 7 Plus, the S8+’s 12-megapixel rear camera seemed to take better pictures in low light; otherwise, the difference in picture quality between the three was negligible — the major differences in smartphone cameras mainly come into play from the software and processing.
The guts of the phone are top-of-the-line, using the latest Snapdragon processor, meaning that the phone itself feels snappier than the Pixel when opening apps. It also boasts a faster cellular modem than any other phone on the market, which meant — at least on the LTE T-Mobile network I was testing it on — that I got slightly faster download and upload speeds than on the same T-Mobile network on my Pixel. (But only slightly, and speed tests — especially of cell data — are notoriously kinda squishy.)
Samsung’s Android skin, TouchWiz, has calmed down significantly from earlier days, when it seemed so anxious to put some daylight between itself and vanilla Android OS that it created a much worse overall experience than just a clean install of Android. Thankfully, those days are over — though, it’s still not clear if Samsung will continue to lag behind in Android updates. The phone ships with Android 7.0, but the latest version of Android is 7.1.2 — which could potentially be a security concern, especially if you’re downloading apps from anywhere other than Google Play or the Galaxy Apps store.
First off, to address the first question you probably have about the new Samsung phone: No, it hasn’t caught fire. The S8 comes with a 3,000 mAh battery, and the S8+ comes with a 3,500 mAh battery. Both are decent-size batteries, but by no means astoundingly large — the S8+’s battery is actually smaller than last year’s S7 Edge 3,700 mAh battery. It seems likely that Samsung was extremely cautious about battery size this time around, willing to keep a smaller battery in place in exchange for a phone less likely to go boom in the night.
The S8 is the first phone to use Bluetooth 5.0, which should theoretically be cool some day. There aren’t any consumer items out there currently using this standard, which is supposed to reduce a lot of the headaches associated with Bluetooth pairing and extend the range, so for now it’s simply nice to have. That said, I did find that the S8 paired easily with the Bluetooth 4.1 and 4.2 wireless headphones — much easier than my Pixel, though not as seamlessly as what Apple can achieve with its W1 chip found in Beats and AirPods. A nice bonus: the ability to pair two sets of wireless headphones to the same phone. So if you’re stuck on a long flight watching a movie on your phone with someone, or just want to listen to the same music, you’re set.
What does sound noticeably better are the included earbuds, a $99 pair of AKGs made especially for the S8. If you’re really into headphones, you probably have a nicer pair — but these have a good sound, a cloth cord so they don’t tangle as easily, and are a step above anything else included in premium smartphones. (It also means, as should be noted, that the S8 has a 3.5-mm audio jack, so you don’t have to go wireless if you don’t want to.) The external speaker is fine — it can get pretty loud — but sounds pretty tinny. It’ll do for a speaker phone call, but you aren’t gonna use it to play music.
Samsung has some very fancy verbiage claiming that it can deliver better-sounding audio than other phones. I tried out some FLACs (basically, really high-quality audio files) with some high-end headphones on the S8+ versus the Pixel XL, and couldn’t really tell much difference — but maybe really hard-core audiophiles could. (Of course, really hard-core audiophiles can convince themselves anything sounds better if it costs more, so.)
It, uh, exists? I’ve yet to use a phone voice assistant that I really like, except for setting the occasional timer or every now and then responding to a text. Bixby, Samsung’s attempt to create its own Siri or Google Assistant, doesn’t change this, and is so far, at best, a weird icon that pops up. Bixby is supposed to do four things, only two of which I was able to try out. It creates a smart feed of news and personalized information, including reminders you can set to be triggered by time or place. It has something called Bixby Vision, which allows for you to use the camera for visual search. It will, at some point, allow for voice control of your phone — but doesn’t currently (Samsung says the feature is coming in spring). And it is also supposed to allow for control of smart-home objects in your house, but I wasn’t able to try this out.
The smart feed, Bixby Home, is currently a pretty unimpressive glomming together of stuff: your upcoming meetings and reminders about who you normally call at that time of day, a random GIF from Giphy, trending topics from Facebook, a Flipboard News Feed, and, uh, themes for your phone for sale from Samsung. Google and Apple do most of this, but better.
Bixby Vision allows for visual search, which means you can either tap in the Pinterest visual search to show you things that sorta look like what you’re looking at, or point it at things with clearly legible text — like a wine bottle or a book — and get information on it and ways you can buy it. It can also scan QR codes, which is a slick, new technology that everyone loves using.
The true bummer about the whole thing is, there’s a physical button to bring up Bixby — a button that you can’t reprogram, which rests directly beneath the volume controls. I would quickly nix Bixby to directly open the phone’s camera, but you currently can’t do that. C’est la Samsung.
Anybody who’s limping along on a Galaxy S5 or S6 should make the leap. You’re already in the Samsung ecosystem, and the improvements in performance and screen size will make themselves immediately known. It’s a harder call if you have the S7 or S7 Edge — both are holding up fine, and I’d recommend staying put unless you absolutely need to have the latest and greatest Samsung.
That leaves the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8, and here’s where the price factor comes into play. The G6 is a lot like the S8 — it has smaller top and bottom bezels for a lot more screen, it takes good camera shots (though struggles in lowlight situations), and it uses a pretty unobtrusive skin of Android. It’s slightly outmatched by the S8 in most categories — slightly smaller screen, slightly slower processor, an older LCD screen versus a newer OLED screen — but you can pick one up for $650. The cheapest you can get an S8 for is $720 through Verizon (it’s $750 through all other carriers). The S8+ is $850.
If you’re in the market for a premium phone, you basically have four choices right now: the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel, the LG G6, and the Samsung S8. The iPhone 7 and Pixel are both due for refreshes later this year, so buying them now while they’re still at full price seems silly.
At this point, barring some revolution in how camera optics work, once you’re paying more than $700 for a phone, you’re likely going to get a very good camera that will take very good pictures. Still, to Samsung’s credit, you can play around with the settings a bit more in its camera app, compared to the Pixel or iPhone, and its native photo-editing app is more full-featured than Google or Apple’s as well.
I’d also recommend the S8 over the S8+ for most buyers. While I was only able to test the S8+ for an extended period, the S8 felt better in my hand when I was able to try the two out side by side; still provides more screen space than an iPhone 7 Plus; and is, for all intents and purposes, the exact same phone as the S8+ with a slightly smaller battery and screen, but for $100 less.
The S8 is pricey, but you’re getting a beautiful phone that performs incredibly well, and will likely guard you against future phone envy when other phones start losing their bezels. The Galaxy is the world’s second most popular smartphone, and despite Samsung’s disastrous fall last year, the S8 will continue its reign untouched.
It’s always been expensive to own high-end smartphones (even when two-year contracts made you think you were getting a phone for free), but it’s only getting more so. If you have the extra money, get the S8. It’s the better phone, and you’ll likely use it for at least a year, if not more. If you spend a lot of time on your phone (and most of us do), you’re better off with the S8. But the G6 is available if you’re looking for something slightly cheaper. (And, of course, there’s now a whole market of midrange phones for people who understandably want to jump out of the premium-smartphone market altogether.)
I found that an S8+ could run for 24 hours with regular use (i.e., texting, some web browsing, playing the occasional game or podcast). Streaming a Netflix movie at full brightness with every video option turned up way high (you can play with a surprising amount of settings for the Samsung’s screen, including how high you want the resolution to go) would drain about 15 percent of the battery per hour, meaning an impressive six hours of video playtime. In short, while it’s likely Samsung could have put more battery inside the phone, what’s in there will likely be more than enough to get you through the day.
The Samsung Galaxy S8 is, hands down, the fastest, best-looking phone you can buy, Android or otherwise. Its design is a meticulous marvel, curved glass and shrinking top and bottom bezels allowing for tremendous amounts of screen space. But it’s also very pricey and comes with a few downsides. Is it for you? Read on.
What’s been concerning, I think, in Washington and in the language coming out of the White House since January — coupled with some of the reports that have been published about things happening at the border — is that there seems to be at least some real thought being given toward having widespread, indiscriminate requirements for anybody entering the U.S., whether for purposes of a work visa or temporary residence or simply for tourism.
Under the Supreme Court case Smith v. Maryland we know that the fact of communication is generally not protected under the Fourth Amendment. But we also know that, generally speaking, contents of communications do have a Fourth Amendment expectation of privacy.
[Note: Smith v. Maryland ruled that logging the phone numbers someone called was not the sort of search that required a warrant, as opposed to a wiretap, which does. In modern parlance, it helped distinguish between the collection of metadata — phone numbers, email addresses — and actual message contents.]
So imagine that you’ve got a foreigner who comes for two-week vacation at Disney World, and they have to unlock their phones; give up their passwords to Facebook and Twitter and any other media that they use; their web-browsing history gets reviewed, and not just their public postings, but all of their private messages get revealed; and all of their contact lists are reviewable. Somewhere in all of that, it is highly likely that some of the other people whose information is swept up in that are going to be U.S. [citizens], or might even be people [currently within] the U.S. Maybe the tourist coming into the U.S. for two weeks to go to Disney World because they have a friend who lives in Orlando. So that friend in Orlando clearly has constitutional rights under the First and Fourth amendment.
If I’m right about that assumption, about the state of our current sort of analytics, then what that means is — in order for the searches to be effective — the government would collect and store all that information. So in other words, they wouldn’t just be looking at the traveler’s phone or laptop or tablet. They would actually be downloading all this information and saving it for further analysis. Well, by definition, once they’ve done that, if they’ve let the traveler into the country, now that person does have First and Fourth amendment protections. If the government wants to move forward with this in a really open-ended, broad-based way, it’s my belief that a lot of people who get swept in, who do have cognizable constitutional rights that should be protected, would be violated by this.
I mean, an individual human being is just not gonna have the scope of knowledge to be able to say, “Oh, look, in this person’s 250 contacts in their phone, this one contact appears suspicious.” Or, “This one website they went to is one that we’re concerned about.” I don’t believe that there are any capabilities right now, in DHS or elsewhere, that would allow — that would make it possible to take all that data from all those couple hundred thousands of visitors a day and instantly review it by comparing it against known databases.
In terms of data retention, in the NSA, was there a general limit to how long you could retain data, for something like browsing history?It really depends on the type of data. If you look at things like the intelligence community’s minimization procedures that have been publicly released, there’s some kinds of data that can be held for two years, and some kinds of data that can be held for five years. Here, again, I would think it would make sense to try and do a data-driven analysis of this, right? To have people who work in border security and homeland security areas work with, for example, academics or researchers to say, “Okay, let’s do some data modeling here. Let’s try and figure out how quickly does information become stale?”
Here’s what you don’t want for effective intelligence: You don’t want to collect all the data. What you want is the useful data. And you don’t want to keep the data forever. You want to keep it while it’s useful. Good intelligence practice aligns with privacy protections in those regards, right? Collecting only what you need and only keeping it while it’s useful are privacy protectors, as well as just sort of good intelligence practice.
Is there any difference between collecting someone’s alphanumeric password and taking their fingerprint to unlock their phone? Or are those the same thing?That’s another area that gets pretty complicated under the law. There has been some cases that have suggested that having to provide a password is something that a person can decline to do if, for example, they think providing it would incriminate them under the Fifth Amendment. Or they don’t want to cooperate under the Fourth Amendment. But typically, things like fingerprints have not been viewed, in a criminal-law context, as the kind of thing that the police need a warrant for, right? I mean, if you think about it, they go to a crime scene and they just lift prints. And then when the person gets arrested, they take your fingerprint.
But do they need to be any better? In recent years, cutting-edge web designers have embraced the native incompetencies of internet art — ugly GIFs, bad clip-art, incompetently edited and produced movies — as a knowing, semi-ironic gesture to the original folk arts of the internet.
When an iPhone user wipes their phone clean, it’s supposed to be just that: clean. According to Apple policy, doing so should leave a phone with no traces or record of its previous owners. To get around this, the New York Times reports, Uber added a “fingerprint” to each iPhone it was monitoring, or a tiny piece of code that allowed the company to track the devices even after they were wiped clean by their owners. In order to avoid getting in trouble with Apple, Uber geo-fenced the company in a way that would hide the secret fingerprint code to anyone inside the area. (This feels similar to another tactic Uber was recently discovered to have employed where a secret software called Greyball was used to tag and track law-enforcement officials who might hurt the company’s business.)
Apple eventually got wise. Tim Cook reportedly called Kalanick in for a meeting in Cupertino: “So, I’ve heard you’ve been breaking some of our rules.” Post-meeting Kalanick stopped the fingerprinting process, with a source telling the Times he was “shaken” by the “scolding.”
Update, April, 24, 2017, at 11 a.m.: Uber provided Select All with the following statement regarding the New York Times report.
There’s a new meme floating around right now. The format is pretty simple. A person gets an unpleasant response — like a Chipotle employee informing her that guacamole costs extra — and replies, “Welcome to your tape.”
Does this meme make sense to you? If you’re not a teen, or a parent of a teen, or a blogger who spent approximately 13 hours this weekend binge-watching watching a show you wish you hadn’t, the answer is probably “no.” The meme was inspired by Thirteen Reasons Why, a new Netflix series based on a book by the same name, which chronicles a high-school student’s decision to take her own life. In the show, the student, Hannah Baker, leaves behind a box full of cassette tapes on which she has recorded the 13 reasons why she felt suicide was the only option. Tapes correspond to students in her class, i.e., “Welcome to your tape, [insert name here.]” So, to put it in meme form, that means guac costing extra translates to a reason someone might kill themselves.
Netflix even used the joke to tweet at rival streaming service Hulu last week.
Those who frequent the meme world will know it’s no stranger to all things dark and twisted and (sometimes deliciously) inappropriate. But this particular gag feels beyond the pale — especially Netflix’s using it for a Twitter burn, albeit a timely one — given that the show has already come under fire from critics and mental-health professionals for romanticizing suicide. Hopefully this meme, like most of its internet peers, will run its course quickly. Though Thirteen Reasons Why has already claimed the title of the most-tweeted-about show in 2017, so that seems unlikely.
A dark, windowless basement room — the kind that for years has served as the shorthand for where internet trolls and obsessives live — is actually a pretty nice place to pass the time these days.
Especially if it’s a dark, windowless basement room in which seven pairs of bright minds are brainstorming ideas for how the fuck we’re going to emerge from the more metaphorical dark, windowless basement room of our current reality.
Spoiler: There were no time machines. But there was BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti’s face, which loomed large over the audience in a prerecorded segment projected onto the screen, an oddly evocative sight to both Wizard of Oz fans and Apple fans. There was a thoughtful keynote by Doreen St. Félix that explored cultural appropriation and the “failure of language,” as she puts it, that makes it so sites like the Daily Stormer feel confident in publishing guides like “How to Be a N*gger on Twitter.” There was a great deal of conversation around the Times New Roman font, artist Bunny Rogers’s preferred aesthetic, and a surprising number of throwbacks to a bygone web — the web of Neopets and Blingee. And there was discussion of the present moment. At one point, Google engineer Mike Tyka said, “Fake news is just propaganda,” and the crowd broke into applause. To give you a sense of the art-tech breakdown, “semiotics” was only called upon once, while “clickbait” was deployed regularly. Before we even got to Peretti’s segment, I wondered if intellectuals shading his clickbait empire hurts his feelings. Do millionaire CEOs get hurt feelings? The top nine ways to make a millionaire CEO sad AF.
Lialina and Mike Tyka worked together to influence AI to design politically conservative images on Blingee, the GIF-stamp-creation tool, which almost passes the Turing test. By feeding his system specific sets of frequently used Blingee stickers and images of Biden, Obama, and Hillary Clinton, it can reproduce its own Blingee creations — say, Barack Obama wearing sunglasses with the words “GANG STAR” beneath it. To test the audience, Tyka asks us to identify the robot or the human in a CAPTCHA of nine images. Imagine not knowing if a human or a robot made that picture of Obama covered in glittering diamonds and skull-and-crossbones GIFs. (Later on, I hear a man call this project “problematic.”)
Artist Jayson Musson (who was paired with Peretti), DIS (paired with Rachel Haot), and Addie Wagenknecht (paired with Cindy Gallop) developed apps, each of which seemed only one step away from our current reality. Musson’s “Blockedt” is a social network where you can’t see anyone else’s content. DIS and Haot’s “Polimbo” is a Tinder-adjacent app that helps you determine your political leanings by swiping right or left on questions about net neutrality. Wagenknecht and Gallop developed “ConSensual,” a sexting-only platform whose end goal is to encourage sex positivity and “open privacy.”
One of the first few words uttered by Rhizome executive director Zachary Kaplan onstage was that we were there to witness the “crossing [of] disciplinary boundaries.” I worried momentarily, and looked toward the door, which wheezed and suctioned shut. But the day felt like a particularly fun class at school, which, for a crowd of people in tech and art, is not a mood summoned with ease.
Lucky for me, I was in that very dark, windowless room, in the basement of the New Museum building on the Lower East Side, for the annual Seven on Seven conference this weekend. Each year, Rhizome pairs seven currently working artists with seven currently working technologists — programmers, entrepreneurs, engineers — and instructs each couple to make a project, any kind of project, literally anything they want. In other years, the assignment might have felt breezy and freeing, a chance to meld minds. But this was the first of nine Seven on Seven conferences to take place in the Trump years, so the need for innovation — if for no other reason than to stave off regression — is high. Given that we’re as close to dystopia as one orange finger is from the nuclear codes, I found myself praying we’d witness the long-awaited invention of the time machine.
Miao Ying and Mehdi Yahyanejad — from China and Iran, respectively — worked together on a tool to identify which political bubble you exist in. Ying pulled up a list of sites blocked in both countries, to illustrate the far reach of censorship, and the air in the room intensified, people quieted down considerably. “Most of your experience with censorship is about inconvenience,” Yahyanejad said. “It’s less about fear.” Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube appear on both countries’ lists. Ying told a story about a piece of art she’d made that showed only the forehead of Chairman Mao. When it exhibited in Beijing last year, she was asked to please pixelate it. A forehead!
The highlight of the event, without question, was Bunny Rogers, an artist whose interests include (but are not limited to) hair bows, lamb graves (which, she elaborates, are graves for children), Clone High, pixelated doll-dress-up games, and her ex-boyfriend, whom she suggested to her Seven on Seven partner, Vox engineer Nozlee Samadzadeh, they use as the focal point of their project. Samadzadeh turned this idea down. Rogers might be the most incredible person I’ve ever seen, both deadpan and sincere, and in some moments, painfully funny — funnier than almost every comedian I’ve ever been forced to listen to. It’s no wonder that the idea that comes out of Samadzadeh and Rogers’s partnership was “a CMS for one”: Samadzadeh quite literally built a back-end — a system through which Rogers can produce, upload, and publish web content — specifically in Rogers’s image, for her alone. It is a place to post images of lamb graves. It is extremely lo-fi — everything is in Times New Roman font. Rogers appeared tickled by it all.
This year’s Seven on Seven could have been a day of intense and heavy-handed reflections on the current unsettling state of the world, and I’m relieved to say that it wasn’t. Instead, it felt a little like a lighthearted dance around dystopia — meditations on our not-so-distant past and our not-so-far-off future. As one of the participants told me over lunch, sometimes art is just art, and not everything has to have an end goal beyond making you think a little harder about Blingee, a website you haven’t thought about in ten years, or wondering if, as Musson said, “to lose your scroll is to lose your soul.” On the Polimbo app, users are asked to swipe right or yes on “virtual-reality universal pre-K,” and it was so real that it was rendered ridiculous. What is this stupid, stupid time that we live in?
Toward the end, the final pair, Constant Dullaart and Chris Paik, revealed that they’d hijacked the Seven on Seven Facebook page by paying random users to argue over the event’s ethos in the comments. In off-the-record interviews with social-engineering data firms, they discovered how easy it is to sway a conversation one way or another. “Once you have your message, we will help you weaponize it,” one firm had told them. The crowd murmured, appalled. At this reaction, I glanced back into the crowd and saw the face of Karlie Kloss, who was politely paying close attention. Seven on Seven is just one of those things, and one of those places, that you’d expect Karlie Kloss to show up at. Either the simulation had gone awry, or Kloss is actually quite serious about learning to code. I’m sorry — kode.
Will the Seven on Seven projects have a life past Saturday? Will Karlie Kloss learning to kode? Gallop, for one, is hopeful that ConSensual will become a reality. And Polimbo.com is still live, if you want to know where you stand on net neutrality. But when Michael Connor, Rhizome’s artistic director, gave his brief closing remarks, he did so after kindly interrupting a woman who had asked a question far too heady for 5:55 p.m. on a Saturday. We needed a drink, he said. Could we all convene on the seventh floor for the after-party?
I didn’t make it to the after-party. I spent the train ride home scrolling through every app on my phone, and pretended I was there instead.
If you’re someone who wants to have the best iPhone available, you may find yourself needing to play the waiting game this cycle.
A quick refresher if you don’t keep up with the iPhone-rumor-industrial complex: Apple will be releasing one more phone than usual this fall. There will be the traditional upgrades in the form of the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, which will be iterative updates to the current models — they’ll look and feel a lot like their current counterparts, but faster and with better battery life. The wild card is the iPhone 8 (or as some speculate it will be called, in honor of the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, the iPhone X).
But all this new tech may be slowing down Apple and its manufacturing partners. KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo, who has one of the best batting averages around when it comes to predicting what Apple will end up doing with the iPhone, says that it may be October or November before the iPhone 8 enters mass production. Usually, new iPhones enter mass production in July, in order for Apple to have enough stock on hand to start selling in late September or early October — and even then, there’s almost always shortages of new phones for months for those who don’t preorder immediately. This push could mean that early 2018 would be the soonest that most (or maybe all) consumers could buy the latest and greatest iPhone.
Per KGI, the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus will launch in late September or early October — but if there’s the promise of the iPhone 8 just a few months down the road, it’s easy to imagine many Apple fans deciding to wait it out. Why shell out on the newest iPhone when you know it’s going to be out-of-date within months?
The iPhone 8 will likely, like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the LG G6, do away with bezels as much as possible (and possibly have no visible bezel at all), meaning the phone may be the size of a smaller iPhone 7, but have an inch or more of screen space. It’ll also upgrade to an OLED screen, which produces a much brighter and poppier image than the LCD screens Apple has been using. The home button and fingerprint scanner will still exist, but may just be virtual buttons at the bottom of the screen. There will be some sort of tech that allows the phone to sense 3-D space around it, opening up the iPhone 8 to all sorts of possibilities, from simple facial recognition to full-blown augmented reality (and Apple has been hiring a lot of augmented-reality experts in the past year). Oh, yeah, and it may cost $1,000 and ditch the Lightning cable.
Problem areas abound. The custom OLED panel has been difficult. The new, smaller A11 chip is also reportedly having issues. Apple is having trouble keeping the fingerprint scanner on the front of the phone, and may move that to the back of the phone. Meanwhile, the 3-D-sensing technology is also lagging behind.
The app is simple enough to use and lets you create either single morphed images — a picture of your selfie with an added smile or your long hair chopped off — or a collage with three different filters. Collages are, in this bloggers opinion, the way to go. The contrast is funny and the square shape is ripe for Instagramming.
To create your own, download FaceApp. (It’s now available for both iOS and Android phones.) Make sure to allow the app access to your camera roll. Then either take a selfie or select a picture from your phone. From there — be patient if “processing the photo” takes a little while — tap the “collage” icon and you’ll see the original image with three empty boxes containing plus signs. Tap each one to add a morphed photo — you’ll have eight options to choose from. Once you’re done, choose one of the social-media icons at the bottom of your screen to share directly from the app or tap the download arrow to save the photo to your phone.
In a lengthy profile of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick yesterday, the New York Times revealed that at one point in early 2015, Kalanick was summoned to Apple HQ for a meeting with Tim Cook. Apple had discovered that the Uber iOS app was “secretly identifying and tagging iPhones even after its app had been deleted and the devices erased,” a method sometimes known as “fingerprinting.”
Fingerprinting is one of many methods that software developers use to identify and recognize returning users. The benefits of these systems are obvious: If you delete an app and reinstall it, you can presumably continue right where you left off, with your preferences, and sometimes even your data, held over from the last use. There are ways of doing this aboveboard on iOS, such as by using your Apple iCloud account as an account identifier. But while iCloud can be used as a persistent user identifier, it is not tied to the hardware itself.
Along with the device’s serial number, IOKit was able to access a persistent value known as the IMEI, a unique identifier for mobile phones. These are values that, even if the phone is wiped, do not change — which means that Uber could store the serial number on its server, and then see when the Uber app is deleted and reinstalled on that device, or if someone logs out of their account and logs into a new one, even if the phone had been completely erased between uses.
What Uber was doing, on the other hand, was below-board. The app, at the time of Kalanick’s meeting with Cook, was using a private software framework known as IOKit, which in turn was accessing device-hardware information. “Private,” in this case, means that iOS developers were prohibited from using it per their agreement with Apple, the platform holder. According to a copy of the Uber app from 2014, examined by developer and founder of Verify.ly Will Strafach, Uber was reading the serial number from users’ phones.
Using a private framework like IOKit is, as stated above, a violation of Apple’s developer agreement, and violates App Store guidelines. When reviewing apps for entry into the store, Apple’s system can detect if an app calls a private function, resulting in automatic disqualification. To get around this review process, Uber “geofenced” Apple’s campus in Cupertino, drawing a virtual boundary, and the app wouldn’t make the private-function call within that boundary.
So, how bad was Uber’s violation? Obviously, pretty bad — Uber may not have been “tracking” users by the most common definition of the word, but it was violating rules intended to provide phone users with some measure of privacy. Worse, it very clearly understood that it was breaking the rules: Arguably more scandalous than the fingerprinting technique that Uber used was the geofence technique that it reportedly used to hide the fingerprinting from Apple. And then when Apple found out, the two companies resolved it privately, without informing consumers. Using fingerprinting may have obvious benefits, but Apple believes those benefits are outweighed by users’ privacy concerns, and iPhone users have bought into the Apple ecosystem, in part, with an understanding that their privacy and security are protected. Neither Uber nor Apple did the right thing for consumers here.
This is what is important to understand: When we say that Uber could “track” a user even after uninstalling the app, it doesn’t mean that Uber was keeping some nefarious background program on your phone that could monitor your device. To its credit, iOS has always been heavily sandboxed, a term meaning that apps are mostly walled off from each other in the system architecture, and can only exchange data in strictly controlled ways. For as long as the App Store has been around, it has been impossible to leave executable code on an iOS device after an app has been uninstalled. The sort of “tracking” Uber did meant that if you deleted and re-downloaded the app, the system could recognize that the same device had been used with the service before. It couldn’t, however, see what the device had been up to between installations. In that sense, it was an intermittent type of tracking, not persistent. (The Times’ article was updated, without a formal correction, changing “tracking” to “identifying and tagging.”)
In China, where Uber was making a heavy push at the time, Uber was offering incentives for drivers to sign up new users. It would have been easy for drivers to just create a bunch of new accounts on the same phone. By knowing that all of the accounts were being created from a single device, the company could identify fraudulent sign-ups.
Once on the App Store, Uber’s program could then function as intended, making use of the private framework that it wasn’t supposed to access. Since then, iOS has gone through a few iterations, and these methods no longer work. When Kalanick was summoned to a meeting with Cook, the App Store–review process was the screen that prevented apps from making private calls, but as of iOS 10, that screening is now on the operating system itself.
Over the weekend, the New York Times reported that back in 2015, Uber was forced by Apple to stop tagging the phone’s of people who deleted the ride-hailing app. But buried within the Times report was another tech chestnut: Uber had been buying email data — receipts and emails sent to people from Uber competitor Lyft — from Unroll.me, an email-unsubscribing service you’ve maybe used if you ever looked at your inbox, thought, This is too many damn Pottery Barn and Maple emails, and Googled a way to quickly bulk unsubscribe.
Question: Is Instagram down?
Answer: Yes. Your app isn’t just acting up, and it’s not just you. Users around the world are currently reporting outages on the app and the desktop site. (Personally, mine hasn’t worked for the past half an hour, at least.) Select All has reached out to Instagram to see what’s up and when the app will be back up an running. In the meanwhile, you’ll just have to give your friends the oral history of your experience at Coachella, until you can share those pictures we all very much want to see.
Update, April, 24, 2017, at 2:26 p.m.: An Instagram spokesperson directed Select All to a now-deleted tweet from Instagram. “We know some Instagrammers are experiencing issues with the app. We’re working on a fix,” the tweet read before it was removed.
Update, April, 24, 2017, at 2:32 p.m.: An Instagram spokesperson tells Select All the platform is back up and running, though we’re still having trouble accessing the desktop site.
Yep, you guessed it: It’s the bone-hurting juice.
Throughout April, another hot meme has been gaining steam on the net. It’s the bone-hurting juice. I don’t know what else to tell you, or how else to describe it. It’s a juice that hurts bones, and now it’s a meme.
Imagine this: You’re thirsty. “Boy, I could really use a drink or liquid to quench this thirst. I hope it is cold,” you say. Nearby, you spot a vessel containing some type of liquid. “Ah, refreshment!” you exclaim to yourself. You take a big gulp. But inside the vessel is no ordinary juice. Inside is juice that, in fact, causes injury.
The image below is one of many variants of a comic strip called “Oh Bother” that was published on Safely Endangered in 2013. In the original strip, Pooh is eating Tigger’s father’s ashes. Over the years, the nation’s finest meme artists have used this panel as a skeleton for a variety of jokes in which the ashes are swapped out for other concerning substances: Informed that he’s eating “American propaganda,” Pooh replies, “Iraq has WMDs.” Informed that he’s eating “3rd wave feminism,” Pooh implores Tigger to “free the nipple.” What happens if you accidentally drank a concoction called “bone-hurting juice”? Clearly, your bones would hurt. Maybe you’d make a sound like “oww oof my bones.”
I mean, that’s it.
Anyway, that’s bone-hurting juice. If you still don’t get it, I got nothing.
And so, bone-hurting juice split off as its own meme, where it’s been quietly making its way through meme hubs like 4chan until this month, when it began blowing up on Tumblr. It reached critical mass yesterday when the Tumblr account for Denny’s Diner, well-known for taking popular memes and giving them the “Old Yeller” treatment (killing them because they love them), posted a riff.
From the New York Times:
Upon discovering that their information was being mined and sold — which at this point, maybe just assume that’s always the case if you’re giving away info online — some people were understandably peeved. Unroll.me co-founder and CEO Jojo Hedaya has since apologized on the company’s blog for not being more forthcoming with what his company was doing with user data. “Our users are the heart of our company and service. So it was heartbreaking to see that some of our users were upset to learn about how we monetize our free service,” Hedaya wrote. “And while we try our best to be open about our business model, recent customer feedback tells me we weren’t explicit enough.” Hate to see a corporation heartbroken! I guess for now it’s back to unsubscribing from newsletters and emails the old-fashioned way: clicking each link manually while walking uphill (both ways) in the snow, sharing a pair of shoes with your sibling.
Robots are mostly good. Or useful. Sometimes even both. There’s this one that prints and lights Trump’s tweets on fire. And this little creepy-shaped dude who responds solely in GIFs. And who could forgot this one who earned the love of a tiny human child. (Okay, that one is technically a water heater, but just go with it.) Today’s robot, however, is bad. Very bad. Today’s robot is engineered to play a game of five-finger filet — you know the one where a knife dances dangerously close to your fingers — with a human subject.
Nope. Nope. Absolutely not.
At this point in 2017, the drink every time there is bad Uber news game has jumped from fun to lethal. Following a report over the weekend that the company had been secretly tagging iPhones until Apple stepped in and forced them to stop, Monday didn’t bring much better news. A group of former Lyft drivers announced they are suing Uber over its alleged use of a program that secretly tracked them in an attempt to give their own drivers a competitive edge.
The software program, first reported on earlier this month by the Information, was used between 2014 and 2016 and known internally as “Hell.” Using Hell, Uber could allegedly see where Lyft drivers were and how many of them were in a given area. (Lyft drivers are tagged internally with a numeric code, which Uber reportedly figured out how to exploit for its own ends.) Hell could also track fares and which drivers were using both Uber and Lyft. That last bit helped Uber figure out which drivers it needed to incentivize to get them to drive for its platform exclusively. “We are in a competitive industry. However, if true, these allegations are very concerning,” Lyft told the Information regarding the report.
The new class-action lawsuit was filed in California by former Lyft driver Michael Gonzales. Gonzales worked for Lyft for two years, from 2012 to 2014, a period in which he feels his earnings could have been compromised by Uber’s Hell program. The suit cites complaints on four counts, including a potential breach of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. “Uber has never publicly acknowledged the use of its Hell spyware but did not deny its existence when asked to respond to news reports,” the suit filing notes.
Earlier this month, the State Department added a webpage — specifically, the page could be found on Share.America.gov, a State Department website for the United States abroad, and the website for the United States embassy to the United Kingdom — detailing Mar-a-Lago as the “winter White House.” The page highlighted the history of the Florida club, which President Trump purchased in 1985, and quickly drew criticism online for using government resources to seemingly advertise Trump’s property and business.
Before Trump bought it, Mar-a-Lago — annual membership costs $200,000, a fee that has doubled since Trump’s election — was home to cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post. “Post’s dream of a winter White House came true with Trump’s election in 2016,” the Mar-a-Lago page claimed. Which, sure. Trump has used the club a few times thus far for official business. (He has, according to a website devoted to tracking Trump’s visit to the club, spent 7 of his 14 weekends as leader of the free world at Mar-a-Lago.) In between rounds and rounds of golf, the president hosted President Xi Jinping from China and Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe at Mar-a-Lago earlier this year. During the latter visit, Trump dealt with a North Korean missile launch, an event that a number of private citizens were able to photo document via social media. You know the picture I’m talking about. The one where Trump is sitting outside at a dinner at Mar-a-Lago, looking disturbingly chilled out for somebody dealing with a potential missile crisis. This was the same trip where a different person photographed and publicly identified the military personal who carries the “football,” or nuclear codes.
Over the last month, Waymo, Google parent Alphabet’s self-driving car company, has quietly been testing its first production model with a small group of families in Phoenix, Arizona. People have been able to use the cars as needed — to commute to work, school, dinner, soccer practice, and so on. Now, it’s expanding those tests, rolling out a fleet of 500 Chrysler Pacifica minivans equipped with self-driving tech, and allowing a hundred more people who apply to get a chance to be part of the program.
If you click the U.K. embassy page now, all you’ll get is an error message. And the Share.America.gov page has been updated with an apology. “The intention of the article was to inform the public about where the President has been hosting world leaders,” the page reads now. “We regret any misperception and have removed the post.”
Still, it’s interesting (especially in light of the ongoing lawsuit between Waymo and Uber) that this is the public’s first real introduction to Waymo. The test is, at heart, a ride-hailing service in beta, available to a select group of testers to get them around town on demand. The danger this could present to Uber, which has brought on-demand car service to hundreds of cities like Phoenix, where it previously wasn’t readily available, is obvious.
The families aren’t being given cars to test; instead, they simply have access to a Waymo-equipped car at anytime, to go anywhere within the Phoenix metropolitan area. Reading between the lines, it seems like the test is much less about perfecting Waymo’s self-driving tech underneath the hood. Instead, Waymo is looking for data and feedback about what makes people comfortable while riding in self-driving cars, and how they end up using them.
If you live in Phoenix and want to apply, you can do so here: https://waymo.com/apply/.
In the long-term, if every car is self-driving and many are available to pick up and drop off people autonomously, car ownership begins to make less sense, even in places like Phoenix where there isn’t enough density and political will to make public transit a viable option for many. If self-driving cars really are the future, it’ll be much closer to the tests going on in Phoenix than to going down to a car lot and picking out the self-driving car of your dreams.
Which makes sense. You don’t iron out the kinks of how to make sure a self-driving car doesn’t run a red light when you’re doing a public test involving parents and their photogenic kids. Plus, the testers aren’t operating the vehicles themselves — there’s a driver from Waymo present in the car at all times.
A new report from the Daily Beast has seemingly unmasked the creator of Reddit’s infamous Red Pill forum. The /r/TheRedPill subreddit is the site’s main hub for discussing pickup-artist (PUA) techniques and the struggle for men’s rights. It counts just shy of 200,000 subscribers (and far more readers), mostly there to discuss how feminism is not really about equality, but about oppressing men.
Thanks to the Daily Beast’s detective work, it appears that the founder of the Red Pill is New Hampshire Republican lawmaker Robert Fisher, who unwittingly left a number of pseudonymous online identities tied together — he was undone in part by promoting his band, of which he is the sole member, on multiple accounts. When contacted by the Daily Beast about his connections, Fisher denied involvement and claimed to not know what a pickup artist is. Shortly afterward, all of the accounts examined by the reporters vanished.
He often wrote about seduction on his accounts, including cautioning men against what Red Pill members often allege is an epidemic of false rape allegations sweeping the nation (there isn’t one).
Fisher lacked a bit of subtlety when it came to spitting his own game. From the report:
Elsewhere, he’d advise other commenters on how to make sure that they had airtight alibis against rape accusations.
Fisher currently serves in the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing Belknap County’s district nine.
It has been nearly 100 days since Donald Trump took office in January. He spent a lot of time in Florida during those days. He signed a lot of things during those days. He inspired a lot of memes during those days. One of the best — or, at least, most entertaining — records of President Trump’s first 100 days in office comes not from major news outlets or print media, but rather from the Instagram account of one Pete Souza, the official photographer for the Obama-era White House. For every step and misstep Trump takes, Souza is there with a blistering photo and caption comparing the present administration to its predecessor. Back in February, we called Souza’s Instagram game a “masterclass in shade.” He hasn’t let up since. Consider today’s installment a sort of Shade 201. Subtlety is not on the syllabus.
On the White House’s decision to keep visitor logs a secret.
On Trump inviting Sarah Palin (along with Ted Nugent and Kid Rock) to the White House, only to have them pose smugly in front of a portrait of former Secretary of State Clinton.
On Trump’s absence from the White House Passover Seder.
On Trump turning down the opportunity to throw the first pitch on opening day for the Washington Nationals.
On climate change.
On health care.
On Trump’s refusal to shake German chancellor Angela Merkel’s hand.
A reminder: Souza was with the Obama administration for eight years. That’s a lot of photos. Stay tuned.
On Trump’s tweets.
While Facebook has caught most of the flak over “fake news” in the past year, Google hasn’t escaped unscathed. Two of its main search features, autocomplete and Featured Snippets, had serious problems with offensive, inflammatory, and sometimes outright wrong content. Now, Google is trying to clean up its act.
Autocomplete, first introduced by Google back in 2004, had been giving Google headaches for years. It relied heavily on what users most commonly typed in, and since Google users sometimes search for despicable stuff, you got despicable results. This led to situations where search queries like “are Jews” were being given autocomplete suggestions like “are Jews evil,” which became a minor scandal this December when discovered by the press. Google manually removed that autocomplete suggestion, but it had been playing a game of Whac-a-Mole for years with the feature — someone would find an offensive autocomplete, the story would get picked up by the press, and Google would remove the results. Now, users can manually flag results that are false or offensive, and explain why they flagged them:
To fight back against this, Google is taking the same approach with Featured Snippets, allowing users to flag them and explain why they’ve flagged the results:
This also meant it was the reply you’d get if you asked the same question to Google Home, Google’s friendly little AI speaker that’s supposed to answer all of the world’s questions.
Google also uses actual humans to rank its pages, using those to help weigh search results, and made a similar change in its guidelines, telling its human evaluators to look for “misleading information, unexpected offensive results, hoaxes and unsupported conspiracy theories” and flag them. It is similarly making some small changes in how it ranks pages in its algorithm. “We’ve adjusted our signals to help surface more authoritative pages and demote low-quality content, so that issues similar to the Holocaust denial results that we saw back in December are less likely to appear,” writes Ben Gomes, VP of Core Search at Google.
The pressure on Google’s autocomplete and Featured Snippets had been building for a while. Autocomplete had been a weird train wreck for over a decade, and Featured Snippets had started to come under fire roughly in December. There’s now a bigger spotlight on the role of massive monopolies, like Google and Facebook, in shaping how the public gets its information, and Google really had no choice but to step forward.
But there’s an open question: How much can changes in the algorithm and flagging by users fix the problem?
Regardless, Google was able to shut down low-quality sites spewing out “How do I get a snowmobile license in Idaho?” articles by making them unprofitable for publishers. But those churning out conspiracy theories and racist tirades aren’t always motivated (purely) by profit. The highly offensive Featured Snippet for “Are black people smart?” was, for a short period, quoting from a WordPress blog run by a man who lives off of a trust fund, and publishes a lot of ugly racial science that would make Charles Murray cringe. Neo-Nazi website Stormfront was the first result for the Google query “Did the Holocaust happen?” along with a host of other anti-Semitic sites, until Google expunged all of them from the first page of results. Put simply, while some fake-news sites are cash grabs by Macedonian teens to afford electric guitars, a lot of the truly vile stuff that Google indexes isn’t published with an eye toward profit; it’s published because of a hateful ideology.
Having users flag results, meanwhile, can also prove problematic. It’s easy when the answer is wrong or obviously racist. But what about highly subjective questions? This, for instance, is currently the Featured Snippet for “Does capitalism work?”
Depending on your politics, the above answer is somewhere between neutral, correct, and completely wrong. Find the right corner of the internet to rile up about this being the top result, and you could get hundreds or thousands of users hammering the flag button, potentially eliminating it from the top spot.
Featured Snippets, in an estimate by Moz.com, are used in about 15 percent of its sample of 10,000 search queries. Autocomplete is used in almost every Google query, except those about sex, violence, and hate speech. Google long ago became an index so large that no human could hope to really run it, and its search algorithm so complex that no one, even inside Google, understands how changes to it will ultimately affect its search results.
Featured Snippets, first introduced in 2014, were an attempt to short-circuit content farms and “What time is the Super Bowl” SEO gaming. The top result of certain search queries, instead of a URL link, is instead a boxed-out quote and answer, what Google’s algorithm deems the “best” answer, given huge prominence at the top of the page. But it, too, quickly became a problem, with false and sometimes offensive results occupying the Featured Snippet spot. This, for example, was the Featured Snippet for “Is Barack Obama planning a coup?” in March:
In the blog post announcing the changes, Google’s Ben Gomes writes, “[I]t’s become very apparent that a small set of queries in our daily traffic (around 0.25 percent), have been returning offensive or clearly misleading content, which is not what people are looking for.”
Google doesn’t break out daily search volume, simply saying that it gets “trillions” of search queries every year. The last time it confirmed the actual number was when it was getting 1.2 trillion per year in 2012. Taken at the very lowest end, this suggests Google got at least 2 trillion total queries in 2016. That would mean, on average, about 5.5 billion queries per day. If 0.25 percent of them were, in Google’s own estimation, problematic in some way, it’s possible that about 13.7 million search queries were coming back with “offensive or clearly misleading content.” (The math on this, of course, should be taken with a grain of salt — it’s likely that Google’s search traffic is higher than 2 trillion per year, but this is likely global search traffic, and it’s unclear how much autocomplete and Featured Snippets are a problem in non-English queries.)
Tools like flagging, changes to the search algorithm, and using human evaluators as gut checks are helpful, but Google has a problem. If the company is sincere in wanting to keep offensive and false information out of autocomplete and Featured Snippets, and reduce the prominence of Holocaust denial and fake coup attempts in its index, the numbers are against it.
Perhaps the biggest and most effective change Google ever made to its search algorithm was its series of “Panda” updates, seemingly aimed at content farms that were filling up Google results with low-effort spam about anything that ranked highly in search. Panda worked; it destroyed or wildly devalued many sites that relied mainly on gaming search.
Quick. In the next five seconds think of everything you know about owls. Big eyes. Necks that swivel like something out of a horror movie. Hooting noises. Congrats! You have a basic knowledge of owls. But stop and think for another second or two. What do an owl’s legs look like? The answer, at least in the case of a photo of one unnamed owl who is soaring to the top of Reddit’s front page today, is that they are very, very long. Check out those stems. (If anybody reading is particularly versed in ornithology, please sound off as to what type of owl this might be in the comments.)
Apologies to the owl who looks not super pleased to have been the subject of this photo shoot. Thank you for teaching us, pal.
If you’ve seen one Boston Dynamics (a Google-owned robotics company) demonstration video, you’ve seen them all. They are, in a word, nightmarish: six-foot-tall robots jumping through the air; long-necked bots emptying dishwashers; quadrupedal robots pulling Santa’s sleigh. Scary, if impressive, stuff. Today at the TED 2017 conference, Boston Dynamics CEO Marc Raibert announced the company has been trying to make their technology more applicable in the real world, Recode reports. In Boston, the company has been testing Spot, a dog-esque robot, as a package-delivery system.
Remember the 300-pound robot security guard that hit and rolled over a toddler in California last year? Well, the bot — or rather, the same type of bot — got a taste of its own medicine last week, after an drunk dude knocked it to the ground. Jason Sylvain, a 41-year-old man, was arrested for attacking the robot, which was patrolling a parking lot in Mountain View, California, ABC7 News reports.
The robot, built by a company called Knightscope, clocks in at five feet tall, and “spins and occasionally whistles,” ABC7 News also reports. “I think this is a pretty pathetic incident because it shows how spineless the drunk guys in Silicon Valley really are, because they attack a victim who doesn’t even have any arms,” one Mountain View resident told them of the incident. Sylvain is up against charges of both prowling and being drunk in public.
“We’ve been taking our robot to our employees’ homes to see whether we could get in the various access ways,” Raibert said at the event, Recode also reports. “We’re doing very well — about 70 percent of the way.” That’s 70 percent of the way to having one of these show up on your front porch with that five-pound bag of gummy bears you ordered strapped on its back.
On Monday, a Thai man broadcast a Facebook Live video in which he killed his 11-month-old daughter by hanging her from a building in a resort in Phuket. The video, the New York Times reports, was four minutes long and after ending the stream the man, 20-year-old Wuttisan Wongtalay, hung himself. “There is absolutely no place for content of this kind on Facebook, and it has now been removed,” a Facebook representative told the Times.
Prior to Facebook removing the video from its platform, the Times also reports Thailand’s News Broadcasting Council asked media outlets not to run the video. However, the video was available on Facebook for nearly a full day before it was taken down. In that time, the baby’s mother, Jiranuch Trirat, watched it. Police are speculating about what caused Wongtalay’s actions, believing he was motivated by “jealousy.” The night before the murder-suicide, he reportedly accused Trirat of cheating on him.
Wongtalay’s stream is not the only gruesome Facebook Live to make headlines this month. After an extensive police search for him, a suspect charged with killing an elderly Cleveland man and streaming it on Facebook Live killed himself. The shooter, Steve Stephens, allegedly decided to shoot the man — whom he did not know — after getting into a fight with his girlfriend, CNN reports.
Welcome to the world of herpetology Twitter. The creeping, crawling, scaly world of digitized reptiles and amphibians that I’d like to permanently erase from my mind. But since I can’t, please join me in being horrified by today’s optical illusion, which stars a very well camouflaged copperhead snake photographed in Texas.
Did you find it? Yes? No? Are you still too busy trying to find this girl’s missing leg? Try again, but this time, focus your eyes on the center of the image and maybe zoom in a little.
If you need me, I’ll be hiding in my apartment and avoiding nature for the foreseeable future.
The controversy over Unroll.me, a service that scanned users’ email accounts in order to help them unsubscribe from junk mail (and also to sell their anonymized email data to customers, in particular Uber) is a nice object lesson in two important truths about the relationship between technology companies and their consumers.
The first truth is that users are dumb. They will sign up for free services without reading the terms and conditions, and never wonder why the service is free. Then they’ll be furious when they’re told that their data is being collected and sold. Giving a service the ability to comb through your email is a Faustian bargain if there ever was one; a free service with access to your communications is never truly free.
The second truth is that tech companies are also very dumb. Writing a thick, unreadable terms-of-service document and assuming that, because it covers your ass legally, it will cover your ass morally is a recipe for outrage. Obfuscating your business model, and hiding what’s actually done with customer data deep within the terms of service, isn’t exactly a model of ethics and transparency. And yet, when the New York Times reported on Unroll.me’s business as a minor detail in its profile of Travis Kalanick, the company appeared unprepared for the surprise. Unroll.me’s founders were surprised to learn that its users were mad that the service scanned their email in order to sell bundled anonymized data to companies like Uber.
This is a Silicon Valley tale as old as time. Company offers free service; users sign up; it’s revealed that company is harvesting and selling data; users get mad; company defends itself by saying something like, “It was in the terms of service.”
But, of course, Chase’s real argument is, Did you read the Terms of Service?
This is most recently being enacted in a cringeworthy defense of Unroll.me by its co-founder Perri Chase, posted yesterday on — where else? — Medium. Chase’s overall point is that obviously Unroll.me is a business, and needs to make money somehow. But that’s not really obvious at all. The web is filled with services and programs provided for free, not for a profit but because of ethical commitments or the satisfaction of producing something. Even if users are aware that Unroll.me is a profit-seeking business doesn’t mean they know what the actual business is: The standard start-up model is to traipse along unprofitably, build up a user base, and then figure out how to make money off of it.
Setting aside Chase’s clear disdain for anyone outside of the tech industry, the assertion that Unroll.me “clearly states” how it makes money just doesn’t hold up. Chase isn’t referring to Unroll.me’s home page or FAQ section, both of which lack any information on what data Unroll.me retains or how it is used — she’s referring to the service’s privacy policy, under a section called “Our Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information.” Written in small font in a large block of legalese, the site murmurs:
That is hardly a “clear” statement, and any privacy policy that requires its reader to search out sections of the U.S. Code in order to understand what a “transactional or relationship message” is (I’ll save you some time: It’s usually a receipt) isn’t really trying to be up-front with users. Unroll.me requires users to agree to this policy when signing up, and to affirmatively consent with a click.
Both software users and developers know that nobody reads these things. The legal dubiousness of this universal practice, known as “clickwrapping,” is practically as old as the web itself, and has been the subject of court cases for years. It is technically legal, but both sides of the equation know that they’re cutting corners. Companies use lengthy terms of service to cover their asses, and consumers see terms of service as a minor hindrance standing between them and a cool app, privacy be damned.
Needless to say, this is a bad foundation for an industry. Both developers and users have settled into a predictable rhythm regarding, quote, unquote, “free” services. Should users read terms of service, and be more generally aware of how their data is being collected and used? Of course! Absolutely! But pretending that we live in a world where that’s the case doesn’t make it so. Frictionless onboarding processes from developers notify users that there are terms of service, but never demand that users actually understand them. Sooner or later, as Unroll.me learned, it can all come crashing down. Until the tech industry accepts that legal ass-covering and ethical ass-covering are not equivalent, this is going to happen over and over again.
Still haven’t found it? Here you go.
Siri was probably the last smartphone feature that convinced me to buy a new phone, even though the one I was using was working fine. In late 2011, when Siri was introduced, I had just accepted a job in Los Angeles, and was psyching myself up at the prospect of spending a lot of time in my car. The idea of having this little, helpful friend in my car that I could talk to — get directions, send texts, check traffic — while I kept my eyes on the road was tremendously appealing. Early commercials were enticing enough that around the same time that I bought a used Honda Civic, I grabbed an iPhone 4s.
Things in the past five years should have gotten better, and in a lot of ways they have. Voice assistants on phones began to take off about the same time neural networks started being used, and voice recognition on Siri and its rivals — Google Assistant chief among them — is markedly better than it was just a few years ago.
In reality, of course, Siri didn’t really work like that. Text messages that went beyond a few words were usually garbled. Apple Maps was a mess and didn’t have the actual real-time traffic information you need to navigate Los Angeles, so I ended up just typing wherever I was going into Waze, regardless. Its knowledge base was thin; its understanding shallow. Connectivity was important: Sometimes, it seemed like Siri couldn’t connect to Apple’s main servers, rendering Siri apologetic and useless. I soon grew tired of Siri screwing up, and stopped using it, except occasionally to place a phone call while driving.
Bixby, a new voice-activated phone assistant rolled out by Samsung with its Galaxy S8, will also soon be able to accept voice commands (voice recognition is currently unavailable, and it’s not clear when it will be). In a demo shown off to a small group of reporters, a Samsung employee rattled off somewhat complex operations in natural language that Bixby will ostensibly be able to follow, e.g., “Send all my pictures from Barcelona to my mother.”
Plus, there’s the social aspect of all of this. Perhaps in ten years, we’ll have ascended to Spike Jonze’s Her-esque levels of acceptance, where guys with very high-waisted wool pants can wander around talking to their phones in peace. But right now, using Siri or Google Assistant in public, and making sure it understands me, requires that I use a certain tone — semi-stilted and not quite natural — that just makes me feel like a weirdo. And I don’t think I’m the only one.
I’m not alone in this. Asking around, I found even generally tech-friendly people were in the same boat: They didn’t really use Siri or Google Assistant, except maybe to set a timer or alarm, and only in the privacy of their own homes. The one person I could find who said they used Siri a lot, a content strategist in Chicago, said it was mainly at home. When I asked him if he used Siri in public, he IMed back: “Sometimes, but it certainly feels weird. Especially if it fails to get the request right the first time. There’s something weird about repeating yourself to a voice assistant versus a human who can’t hear you over noise.”
This isn’t a new problem; tech reviewers, and consumers, have been noting how awkward it is to use Siri and its peers for the last five years. What’s odd now is that there is a popular gadget that no one seems to mind talking to. I have an Amazon Echo that gets daily use in our house that I am quite fond of. It’s guilty of all the things I was just kvetching about. It doesn’t always understand what I’m trying to say; I have to talk to it in a weird voice, almost like I’m talking to a dog or a small child; and in many ways, it’s severely limited in what it can do compared to Siri or my Google Assistant. But I talk to the Echo a lot more, and it’s not just because I don’t feel like a weirdo. It’s because it’s actually in a place to be useful. We need something that can set timers for cooking; play music or the radio while we’re making breakfast or dinner; and order items off Amazon while I’m thinking about the fact that we don’t have any more Mrs. Meyers dish soap, instead of just hoping I remember later that day.
So, then, a working theory on why I (and a lot of other people) don’t really want to talk to Siri or any other AI on our phones, but plenty of people have happily adapted to Alexa or a Google Home. There’s a social cost in the form of feeling like a dorkus malorkus when you use your phone’s voice assistant in public, and right now, those assistants can’t do enough useful things reliably and consistently to make it worth paying that cost. And because our phones offer another way to do those useful things without speaking — check train times, look up a recipe, caption and share a photo on Instagram — there may never be any inflection point in the future where we start talking to our phones as a primary or even secondary way to do most tasks. Alexa and Google Home may fall short on competency at times, but they both open up another way to do useful things that wasn’t really available before and don’t incur any social cost.
The smartphone suddenly gave you the digital world in your pocket, available at the tap of a finger. The AI home speaker suddenly opened the possibility of talking to your home in a way that felt both futuristic and familiar. But maybe we’re content with just sticking to tapping away on our phones in public, and only speaking to our gadgets in private.
Of course, the demos for these things are always impressive — people are always working out complex dinner plans on the fly, or filtering all their photos from a cool vacation. In the real world, Siri and Google Assistant work very well for certain things — setting timers, sending short text messages, asking simple questions — and are terrible at others.
This afternoon, new FCC chairman Ajit Pai unveiled plans that threaten the free and open nature of the internet. This is … bad. Very bad. Let’s talk about why.
Pai’s plan is to roll back the principle of net neutrality and consumer protections, by removing internet-service providers from classification as utility providers.
Pai accused the country’s current ISP regulations of fostering what he called “digital redlining.” An interesting choice of words, given that even the largest providers in the country already engage in these sorts of tactics. Verizon, for instance, systematically avoided deploying FiOS in poorer neighborhoods of Newark, New Jersey, by exploiting a loophole in its contract with the city. Expecting a free broadband market to fix itself has not worked, and will not work.
A quick recap, before we go any further: “Net neutrality” is the principle that all of the traffic on the network should be treated with equal priority. Your internet-service provider should not be able to slow or speed up sources of traffic according to their own preferences. Imagine, for instance, if Netflix performed more reliably than YouTube because your ISP struck a deal with the former. In 2015, under the direction of the Obama administration, the FCC classified ISPs as Title II common carriers, in order to enshrine the principle of net neutrality with legal protection. Pretty much everyone except ISPs — that is, most internet users and all companies operating on the network — supported the FCC’s move, and the commission was flooded with millions of comments regarding the issue.
The crux of Pai’s argument for rolling back classifications was that the regulations led to decreased investment in broadband deployment. Removing them will, according to his logic, lead to more effort to build out broadband networks, creating jobs, and eventually getting more poorly served areas online. In a hypothetical sense, sure — increased broadband access is a laudable goal. But Pai’s argument ignores the reality of the situation, one in which most large ISPs have regional monopolies that allow them to offer substandard service at higher prices compared to other developed nations, with little punishment. And those monopolies are protected by local laws and ordinances that make it difficult for smaller players to even enter the marketplace and build their own networks.
Through his speech, which had the tone of a smug high-school salutatorian, Pai outlined his plan to roll back the Title II classification of broadband, which designated ISPs as utility providers, and to reclassify them as Title I information providers. He also proposed jettisoning the FCC’s broad “internet conduct standard.”
Pai warned of the dangers of “forcing the internet into the control of the government,” denying that “hypothetical harms and hysterical prophecies” of prioritized traffic would ever come to pass. (Tell that to Netflix, which paid Comcast to secure more reliable service to subscribers in 2014.) He leveled a straw-man argument against zero-rating, an inversion of net-neutrality principles that offers specific services over mobile networks without counting against monthly data limits.
Throughout his speech, Pai cited historic comments made by liberals supporting light-touch internet regulation with a rhetorical device he seemed extremely proud of — something like, “Which right-wing zealot said this? What if I told you [jazz hands] it was a Democrat.” For a guy who griped a lot about revisionist history in his speech, he offered up a lot of revisionist history himself. For one thing, while the internet of the ’90s flourished after the network backbone was privatized, the internet’s origins lie in decades of government research, deployment, and heavy regulation (commercial activity was prohibited on the internet until the early ’90s).
The argument that the internet of the ’90s and early new millennium worked just fine doesn’t really hold up any more. There are exponentially more users and businesses operating on top of the internet. Many rely on it not just to waste time, but also to perform their jobs — the government itself requires citizens to use the internet in order to take advantage of a myriad of services.
The missing piece of Pai’s argument is how deregulation will affect edge providers — that is, every service running on the internet (Facebook and Google, all the way down to mom-and-pop sites). While removing Title II classification might make it better for internet-service providers, it makes the internet more centralized, and less competitive for everyone else. When ISPs play favorites, it snuffs out other services and businesses. The history of the internet is one of edge-provider Goliaths rising and falling, thanks to a neutral network that allows upstart Davids to get off the ground. Pai offered zero perspective on this.
It took the government more than half a century after the invention of the automobile to require basic safety features like seat belts. Just because the NHTSA wasn’t established immediately after the Model T rolled off an assembly line doesn’t mean that it’s useless. Arguing that because we didn’t have net-neutrality protections before, we don’t need them now is a lazy, transparent, specious argument that ignores how technology and society have progressed over the last two decades.
There is an upside: Pai has graciously decided to put it to a vote. Next month, the FCC will vote on a “notice of proposed rulemaking.” If adopted, the FCC will open itself up to public comment. Last time around, the commission received more than 3.7 million comments, a considerable majority in support of net neutrality.
Already, the cable-and-telecom industry is mobilizing against it. Before Pai even took the stage to unveil his plan, the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation — a water-carrying organization funded by telecom trade groups — decried “all the hyperbole and misinformation from activists who want to see the Internet provided as a heavily regulated public utility.” Hey, that’s not such a bad idea.
We’re a few days away — the official date is Saturday — from Trump’s 100th day in the Oval Office. In preparation for the big event, Twitter users have started using the hashtag #TrumpsDay100Songs. The tweets parody popular song lyrics and titles, turning them into odes the our commander-in-chief. Congrats to the many, many people who all made the same Jay Z “99 Problems” joke. It was good the first 12 times.
If you’re more of a visually inclined person, rather than a musical one, former White House photographer Pete Souza’s Instagram has gotten pretty shady of late in honor of Trump’s 100-day mark.
If you are an active Facebook user, then it’s likely that at some point in the last few days, a Facebook friend has posted a list of ten bands and asked you and their other friends to guess which one of the ten they haven’t seen live. This has become a popular meme, but it is bad and it needs to die. Now.
This might sound like a harsh assessment for a pretty innocent meme. There are a lot of memes out there, after all, and setting aside the racist or hateful ones, few memes are bad. A lot of them are kinda meh, but bad? It’s hard for a meme to be all that bad.
OH, GOD, MAKE IT STOP.
But the Fake Show meme deserves — no, screams for — this designation, because it fails just about every test of what makes for interesting online content. Good memes have a fun, peppy, iterative quality to them — the more time you spend with them, the funnier and more creative and more interesting things get, at least up to the point when you’re ready to move on. You can actually lose yourself in a good meme for a few hours, if you’re so inclined. Dat Boi and Trebuchet memes deliver a level of entertainment that feels disproportionate to how simple and silly the underlying concepts are. The Fake Show meme is the opposite. It feels like an unguided swamp tour — it isn’t fun, and it gets less fun as you muck on further.
That’s because “Guess which bands I’ve seen live?” is the sort of question that can bring an otherwise excellent party to a screeching halt. To a certain approximation, with a very narrow and well-defined set of exceptions, nobody cares which bands you’ve seen live. This is very important social information that should be drilled into the head of every sixth-grader immediately before their first live show. And however little everyone cares about what bands you’ve seen live, they care even less about carefully parsing a list of bands you have seen to find the one fraudulent outlier. It’s a fundamentally boring and pointless task — a bit like seeing circa-2017 Bob Dylan — made even more so by the fact that there’s often a totally arbitrary quality to which bands one happened to have caught live in their younger, more live-show-heavy years. Oh, so you saw Elliott Smith and Modest Mouse, but you missed Built to Spill? That’s … [Ron Burgundy broken-teleprompter voice] interesting?
Perhaps the meme’s only saving grace is that it can be judo-moved against itself to broadcast its own fundamental pointlessness, as a Facebook friend of mine expertly did:
It has been several months since several Twitter accounts of the National Park Service — Death Valley weighing in on Japanese internment; Badlands tweeting about climate change, despite an apparent gag order from the Trump administration; the central NPS account tweeting photos of dismally small crowds at Trump’s inauguration — went “rogue.” (And then promptly stopped going rogue.) But this morning, the U.S. Forest Service (which, mind you, is a separate entity from the National Park Service) tweeted a photo of a severely damaged landscape in Arizona, taken after a fire in 2009, with the hashtag #HintsYoureInHell.
Now, it’s possible the Forest Service — which was affected by a Trump-ordered hiring freeze earlier this year that left people like seasonal workers and emergency firefighters concerned for their jobs, until the administration walked back some of the language surrounding the freeze and later lifted it entirely — just wanted to get those sweet follower clicks and engage with a popular hashtag. But it’s also possible, as pointed out by some on Twitter, the charred and leafless shot might be a subtle jab at the president. Trump, after all, doesn’t have the best track record with the nature and preservation business, donating his first presidential paycheck to the National Park Service, while simultaneously trying to pass a budget that would cut $1.5 billion from its annual funding. (Note: The U.S. Forest Service operates outside of the Department of the Interior, which controls the National Park Service.)
Apple joining the peer-to-peer payment space wouldn’t be too much of a surprise. Facebook and Google already have money-transfer options built into messaging services like Messenger and Gmail, respectively. Baked into iMessage, people might just find a use for Apple Pay.
In Apple’s proposed setup, according to the report, the company might issue users digital debit cards tied to the service: “People would be able to use the Apple cards to spend money sent to them through the new service, without having to wait for it to clear to their bank account.” The goal then wouldn’t be to charge a fee for each peer-to-peer transaction, but to encourage users to also make purchases with the card, for which Apple does charge a fraction of a percentage.
Apple is reportedly working on a mobile-payments service like Venmo, hoping to make its Apple Pay system useful as a way to transfer money between individuals, rather than just as a payment service. According to Recode, the company has been talking to its partners (mostly banks) about introducing some sort of option, which a source said could be announced as soon as later this year.
Venmo is popular, especially among young, urban residents, as a way to pay friends back for things. Apple Pay, while available in many places, hasn’t caught on as a payment option as much as Apple would like it to.
With Ajit Pai and the FCC rolling back rules protecting an open internet, allowing your internet-service provider to stop acting as a public common carrier, there’s been speculation about what exactly will happen. One common talking point is that this is just a return to normalcy, and customers don’t need to worry about the results.
Here’s Doug Brake, senior telecommunications policy analyst at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (which gets a fair amount of funding from telecom companies), writing today in an op-ed for The Hill:
One Time Warner Cable exec wrote in 2011 that the company’s strategy, when it came to upgrading its physical internet-exchange points, should be focused not on providing the best service, but on getting content providers like Netflix to pay for the right to get a direct connection to paying subscribers. If the content provider didn’t pay up, it would be forced “through transit,” meaning its data would go through a slower, more circuitous route to your television or laptop screen. “We really want content networks paying us for access,” wrote the unnamed exec, “and right now we force those through transit that do not want to pay.”
Time Warner Cable, during its long and contentious negotiations with Netflix, never told customers that their Netflix connections were slower because Netflix wasn’t paying up — in fact, at the same time Time Warner Cable was deliberately neglecting the infrastructure needed to support Netflix, its ads explained why Time Warner Cable could deliver Netflix without buffering.
This meant Time Warner Cable and Netflix entered into a series of extended negotiations. Until Netflix agreed to pay, Time Warner Cable refused to add more internet exchange points between Netflix and its customers, resulting in broadband speeds dipped below what Netflix needed to deliver HD streaming. This meant Time Warner Cable customers often experienced buffering and degradation of video quality while watching Netflix. Netflix finally agreed to pay up in late 2014, and an internal graph produced by Time Warner Cable shows how the payoff worked to speed up Netflix, and how slow things would have remained if Netflix hadn’t coughed up the cash (it’s the second-to-last row you want to focus on):
This wasn’t just happening at Time Warner Cable — Netflix eventually signed the same type of deal with every major ISP. It’s only because of the lawsuit in New York against Time Warner Cable that we know the internal thinking of one ISP — but it’s a safe assumption that the same calculations were being made at every other major ISP as well. Netflix needed to be able to directly connect to an ISP’s network, therefore Netflix had to pay up. And Netflix wasn’t the only company that had to enter into these deals. Time Warner Cable did the same thing to companies like Riot Games, which makes the extremely popular online game League of Legends, and “backbone” internet providers that actually deliver the vast majority of what you see online.
Anti-net-neutrality proponents may argue that this was simply a problem of transparency — the only problem was that Time Warner Cable customers didn’t know their Netflix speeds sucked because of behind-the-scenes negotiations — but otherwise, Time Warner Cable should be able to strike whatever deals it wants with content providers. But entrenched monopolies mean that even in some alternate reality — where Time Warner Cable, instead of bragging about its Netflix speeds, ran TV ads and put up billboards all across New York openly announcing that it was deliberately providing slower streaming speeds in order to extract money from a company — it wouldn’t have mattered.
Time Warner Cable (Spectrum) was (and still is) by far the largest internet provider in New York State, and in some cities, like Rochester, it’s the only one. The same is true across the country — per the FCC itself, about 48 percent of Americans live somewhere where only one ISP offers internet speeds faster than 25 Mbps, and one in five can only choose one ISP for any broadband access at all. Either the content provider pays up or the service remains slow, and the customer remains caught in the middle.
As the rise of streaming HD video took off at the turn of the decade, led mainly by Netflix, ISPs realized that they were about to get hosed. Consumers were going to start needing a lot more bandwidth, and ISPs would have to invest capital to provide it, including upgrading and adding many more internet-exchange points.
It’s likely that your Netflix streaming speed won’t be affected by this rollback — CEO Reed Hastings has publicly said he’s not worried because Netflix is “too popular” for ISPs to try to alter direct-connection deals. But smaller content providers (including would-be competitors to Netflix) don’t have that luxury, and new tech will inevitably come down the line that will place new demands on broadband speeds. When that happens, unregulated ISPs will engage in the same anti-consumer practices that they did before. We don’t have to imagine how it will happen, because we’ve seen it before.
But thanks to a lawsuit by New York’s attorney general Eric Schneiderman against Time Warner Cable about slow broadband speeds, we have internal emails and graphs from Time Warner Cable (now known as Spectrum after a merger with Charter Communications last year) that show how at least one ISP allegedly saw its soon-to-be-overwhelmed infrastructure not as a problem, but as a source of potential profit.
This is, frankly, horseshit. While it may have appeared to the average consumer that the internet before the FCC regulation “worked pretty well,” the back end was an unseemly mess that actively made using the internet worse. To briefly explain: Between your end connection and the internet at large lies your ISP, which provides that final “last-mile” delivery of services. Your ISP taps into the internet at physical ports, known as internet-exchange points.
At the end of January, Uber was accused of scabbing amid anti–travel ban protests at JFK airport in New York. The result was #DeleteUber, a hashtag campaign engineered to get people to do, well, exactly that: Delete Uber and find an alternative mode of transportation. (The New York Taxi Workers Alliance held an hour-long strike during the protests in solidarity.) For many people, apparently many, many people, that meant turning to Uber rival Lyft. According to internal numbers obtained by Bloomberg, Lyft saw an impressive bump in riders and rides during the month following the protest incident.
“Lyft reached 22.8 million monthly rides in February, up 137 percent from the same month a year ago, according to the fundraising documents,” Bloomberg reports. It seems when people were hashtagging #DeleteUber, they could have also added the hashtag #DownloadLyft. On top of the monthly ride increase, the app jumped to nearly 5 million active passengers in the same month, up 125 percent from the same month a year before. Still, for all that growth, Lyft still has a long ways to go before it could possibly trounce Uber.
There’s also that whole is Lyft really that much better an alternative to Uber? hurdle the company has to jump. Despite the company’s president insisting it’s the “woke,” “better boyfriend” of the ride-hailing apps (insert thinking-face emoji here), Uber still has a global hold on the industry. Plus, while Uber might have been scabbing back in January, its CEO, Travis Kalanick, did step down from Trump’s tech advisory board, bowing to public backlash. Peter Thiel, however, a major Lyft investor, still remains strongly connected to the current administration. Which is definitely something to consider when you’re choosing a ride-hailing platform and trying to simultaneously make a social (media) statement.
As Facebook continues to reckon with its role as the world’s largest information-distribution system, its security team released a report today outlining how the service plans on nullifying information campaigns — coordinated efforts to seed disinformation and dissent, and cultivate specific public sentiment. The two main drivers of this behavior on Facebook, according to report authors Jen Weedon, William Nuland, and Alex Stamos, is that Facebook is a global network with global reach, and that it affords every one of its users the ability to amplify messages.
Facebook defines “information operations” as “actions taken by governments or organized non-state actors to distort domestic or foreign political sentiment, most frequently to achieve a strategic and/or geopolitical outcome.” Aspects of these campaigns include the much-dreaded fake news (Facebook prefers the term “false news”), disinformation (inaccurate information spread intentionally), and “false amplifiers” (a.k.a. sock-puppet accounts spreading posts and messages).
Much of the effort to nullify these campaigns involves preventing these actors from harvesting data about users and their leanings, and reducing financial gain. Both Facebook and Google have made it against their policies to set ads against deliberately misleading content.
Perhaps the most interesting part of the paper is tucked in the middle, where Facebook downplays the role of automation in this sort of activity.
The fight over fake news will be waged, on both sides, by people. That’s encouraging?
Yesterday, Beyoncé — artist, Grammy winner, mother of Blue Ivy, former central pillar of a ’90s girl group — posted a photoset on Instagram. In it was an image of her consulting what appears to be a menu, and speaking with a woman who appears to be some sort of waiter. And, because this is what happens when a famous person holds up a sign or looks at an unidentified object on the internet — Queen Bey should call up Queen Elizabeth, who has also fallen into this trap — the photo has since become a meme.
Thank you, Bey, for blessing our timelines.
Google’s self-driving car company, Waymo, is currently suing Uber for allegedly stealing technology. At the heart of the case is former Google engineer Anthony Levandowski, who left Google and Waymo to found Otto, a self-driving truck company which Uber would later buy. According to the suit, Levandowksi allegedly stole data and documents from Google in January 2016, trade secrets which he would later hand over to Uber post-acquisition. Today, Business Insider reports that Levandowski is stepping down from his role as head of the company’s self-driving unit. He will, however, remain at Uber in other capacities.
Levandowski will be replaced by Eric Meyhofer, who will head up Uber’s Advanced Technologies group, BI also reports. The change was announced internally via an email from Levandowski.
From Levandowski, via Business Insider:
The Waymo-Uber lawsuit is ongoing. Levandowski recently invoked the Fifth Amendment in an attempt to avoid incriminating himself. A court of appeals later ruled against this plea, as Waymo is requesting information from Uber, not from Levandowski personally. Up next, a ruling on a preliminary injunction in May which would stop Uber from using any of the reportedly stolen tech.
Slack, in case you don’t work somewhere in which you’re glued to a screen that you use for 80 percent of daily communication, is a handy office chat platform. It’s good for GIFs, keeping track of what your staff is doing, and telling your boss you are trapped on an F train that hasn’t moved in 35 minutes. It is not so good for flirting. Namely because you probably shouldn’t flirt, particularly in a digitally logged chat, with your co-workers. But that’s exactly what Feeld, the app formerly known as 3nder, wants you to do.
On second thought, if your office crush works in HR, this is a surefire way to ensure that you get to spend more time with them. In their office. Where you’ll be. For using this silly Slack bot in the first place.
This week, Feeld announced a new Slack integration that lets you tell the platform who you are crushing on in your office. If your crush reciprocates, the bot notifies you both. Congrats! You both like each other and can spend your first date talking about how you maybe, probably violated an HR policy. Feeld also released a list of guidelines for using the bot, like “Be nice/don’t be a D,” “Work is work,” and “Discrimination sucks (and is illegal).” All fine statements, but also fine reasons to not @ somebody you’d like to hook up with in your company Slack. A private, friends-only Slack maybe, but definitely not the company Slack.
In a small tweak that appears to be rolling out, Snapchat is minimizing just how apparent uploaded content is in user Stories. In the current mode, any photo or video uploaded for the app’s Memories repository or from a camera roll is enclosed in a big, obvious, white background. It lets users reflect on old content for Throwback Thursdays, while also transparently signaling that “this is old.”
In a change noticed by The Hill’s Taylor Lorenz, the big, white border is gone. Now, more discreetly tucked in the upper-left corner, there’s a note about where uploaded content originated from.
When Snapchat first announced Memories, the notion of it seemed antithetical to the service itself, which is based on feeling “in the moment.” Uploading content always leads to a more polished and often homogeneous feel on social networks, once best practices are established. The compromise then was the big, ugly border. It felt like Snapchat was saying, “We’ll let you do this, but we’ll make sure all of your followers know what’s up.”
Since Memories was announced, however, Snapchat has felt the squeeze from Facebook, which introduced a Stories function to every one of its products. The effort is mostly a flop, except on Instagram, where it’s been wildly successful, thanks mostly to the fact that Instagram accounts are usually linked to Facebook’s social graph. Instagram lets users upload content from their camera roll to Stories, provided they were saved locally within the last 24 hours, which is a nice compromise — but it doesn’t differentiate between what’s uploaded and what’s recorded live in the viewing experience. In short, it lets people pretend that what’s recorded is live, adding artifice to a social-media format that’s supposed to be inherently authentic.
The biggest winners here, of course, are the brands — media operations and publishers that don’t have one of the coveted Snapchat Discover slots, but still want to add slickly produced photo and video to the service. Now they can, and it runs the risk of making every Story look samey similar to how each Facebook cooking video is indistinguishable from the next. The ability to plan and produce breed “best practices,” and something intangible is lost in the process.
That’s not necessarily a bad thing, but it obviously runs the risk of minimizing what makes the Stories format appealing: that it feels spontaneous.
One of the great pleasures of modern life is the new immediacy of Schadenfreude. Want to take some small, dark pleasure in the misfortune of others? Instantaneous digital communication allows you to do so with no friction and no wait. Such is our modern world. And, so, may we present: The best tweets from the disastrous Fyre Festival.
Fyre, according to the event’s official Twitter account, has since been postponed due to “unforeseen circumstances,” and people are slowly making their way off of the island. It is unclear what was “unforeseen” about being truly unprepared to shelter, feed, and entertain hundreds of people looking for a party. But, hey, for those of us not currently stranded on an island, at least we got some good tweets out of this whole ordeal.
And then there’s this week-old tweet from Ja Rule himself, which, um, didn’t age super well.
I’m about to graduate from high school and am headed off to college in the fall. I’ve got some money saved up, and I’m going to buy a laptop before I go (ideally for less than a $1,000, but I wouldn’t mind spending even less). I’m having trouble figuring out what to get. Any advice?
The Graduate
Hey, congrats! And you’re not wrong to be confused. The laptop market is kinda weird right now. A few years ago, your choices basically would have been to spend a lot on a Windows laptop or to spend even more on an Apple, and then you’d be done. But thanks to low-end laptops like Chromebooks suddenly becoming viable, and an explosion in midrange laptops, there are a lot more choices that probably fall within your budget.
So, first off, you probably want to check in with the college itself. The college’s IT department likely has some minimum requirements for personal machines, and many campuses (and computer manufacturers) offer student discounts — it’s just a matter of knowing where and how to get them. If you know what you’re going to major in already (no pressure!), check in with your program as well. A history major can probably get by on a low-powered machine to write papers, do some research, and watch movies, but if you’re gonna study architecture or graphic design, you may need more power and some default software.
In the world of Windows machines, you’ll find the most options (and the biggest range in prices, from $4,000, behemoth gaming laptops to crazy-cheap budget laptops).
At the high end, you can get an Asus ZenBook 3 for $1,000. It’s a slim ultraportable that looks almost exactly like a MacBook from across the room, but runs Windows 10. It’s the best compromise between weight, power, and having a nice screen to watch Netflix on when you’re not studying.
Finally, if you really want to save some money, there’s the Lenovo Ideapad 110s, which you can get for $150. It’s light enough to carry to class, and it’ll do fine for browsing the web and typing up papers, but it’s relatively underpowered, and you may need to get a an external hard drive of some sort (even just a USB thumb drive), since it only comes with 32 GB of internal storage. With just 2 GB of RAM, you may find that you’ll need to replace it for something a little beefier before you graduate. But since it only costs $150, that shouldn’t be too much of a heartbreaker.
For a more midrange option, take a look at the Lenovo Miix 510, available for $570. It’s easy to carry to class and gets good battery life, but it also has a nice extra feature: You can remove the screen from the keyboard and use it as a tablet. I’ve find this tremendously helpful when I have to read a long document — you can still highlight or make notes about important parts, but if you have to go through a hundred pages of something, the tablet makes it easier. If you have a little wiggle room in your budget, you can invest in the version that has 8 GB of RAM for $720, which should future-proof you and make sure memory hogs like Chrome keep running smoothly, even as web apps get more demanding in the coming years.
If you decide to get an Apple laptop, you’re in luck. The MacBook Air, while being discontinued by Apple, is still a great laptop — light, good battery life, and still fast enough to do everything you’ll need to do, but now available for (relatively) cheap. The 13-inch 2015 model is available for under $850. Just make sure you’re getting the model with 8 GB of RAM, so it’ll make it through all four years of school.
Until recently, I would have steered you clear of a Chromebook. They’re cheap, but they weren’t great personal machines — everything is meant to be run in the cloud, which meant you couldn’t store much on your hard drive. It also meant that you’d be unable to run MS Excel, and while Google Sheets can do a lot, if you’re taking any sort of business, economics, or statistics classes, you’ll likely need to have Excel to do everything you need to do. But the Chromebook Samsung Plus is available for $450 and can run Android apps, which gives you access to Excel. It’s also a convertible, so you can flip the screen 360 degrees and have a tablet to go over a reading assignment. Still, I’d check in with your campus IT department before jumping all-in — they may have some reservations or advice about using a Chromebook as your main personal machine.
Best of luck, and I hope your roommate isn’t a psycho!
Got a question for Select All? Sure you do. Email jake.swearingen@nymag.com.
Fyre Festival was supposed to be an elite and luxurious musical festival. Hosted on a private island in the Bahamas — which was once owned by Pablo Escobar — tickets ranged into the thousands, and the promo videos for the event, which was co-organized by Ja Rule, featured Bella Hadid and other professionally hot people frolicking on sandy beaches and diving into pristine waters. Except, when the people who actually ponied up those dollars showed up to the event this week, Fyre did not deliver. The site was unfinished, headliner Blink-182 had canceled, and the luxurious villas festivalgoers were promised turned out to be nothing more than disaster-relief shelters.
Nearly a year after launching as an anti-Uber ride-hailing app, Juno announced this week that it was being acquired, effective immediately, by Gett. The Volkswagen-backed company purchased its competitor for $200 million, which is good news for execs at Juno, but not great news for its drivers, who are now learning that their stock plans — a key tenet of Juno’s recruiting strategy — might be worth a fraction of what they were initially promised.
From its inception, Juno’s founders claimed it was an “ethical” alternative to apps like Lyft and Uber. Drivers were given free phones and offered “Restricted Stock Unit Plans,” which promised shares in the company, or cash, for consistently meeting a required number of hours over a period of months. Steven Savader, a driver who joined Juno in 2016, told Quartz that “he would get either shares in the company or a cash payment in lieu of them if he worked at least 120 hours a month, for 24 out of 30 consecutive months” according to his RSUP, which both he and Juno founder Talmon Marco signed. This week, Savader was informed that Juno would be paying him out in cash, a total sum of $107. Another driver told the Observer that their 14,173 restricted shares would translate to a single payment of $251, which breaks down to $0.02 per share. Last summer, as noted by Quartz, Juno advertised restricted stock value to would-be drivers at ten times that value.
Juno payouts also reportedly come with conditions. Driver Cory Savary told the Observer that he is eligible to receive $100, but only if he signs up to continue driving with the newly created Juno by Gett. He plans to leave the money, and the company, behind.
Gather round, internet children. I am going to tell you a story. It’s a fantastic tale of drama and romance starring two Chinese lesbians, Meng Mei Qi and Wu Xuan Yi — who, as luck would have it, also happen to be billionaires. The pair, overcoming cultural adversity and national law, get married, become the world’s richest couple, and live happily ever after. The end. It’s a great story, right? It’s fiction.
Mei Qi and Xuan Yi are quite famous, just not for a wealth-record-breaking, same-sex marriage. Instead, the pair are part of a 13-member K-pop group known as Cosmic Girls. The group is also known as WJSN, with each letter corresponding to a different subgroup of Cosmic Girls, each with its own sappy name. Xuan Yi is part of J, the “joy” unit of WJSN, while Mei Qi hails from the “natural” unit. They are not, despite what many thousand retweets might have you believe, a married couple.
DaddyOFive is a fairly popular YouTube channel — it boasts around 750,000 subscribers — founded in August of 2015. Until recently, it posted daily videos depicting the life of a blended family: Mike Martin; his son, Cody; his daughter, Emma; and his wife, Heather, and her three sons. The Martins would often put up “typical” family videos, recording and publishing the day-to-day movements of their lives, but their most popular videos are loosely executed pranks, targeted mostly at Cody, the youngest of the five.
What the family calls “pranking,” though, can look an awful lot like abuse. In the most troubling videos Martin, usually with the help of Heather or her oldest son, accuses Cody of bad behavior and curses at him, or smashes his electronics, prompting Cody to get more and more upset — screaming he didn’t do anything, crying, red-faced, and trying to get off camera. Other videos from the family’s archive (which redditors have been combing through for the past week) feature Martin shoving Cody into a bookshelf; encouraging the older boys to tackle, punch, and kick Cody; and goading his kids to slap each other, hard, across the face. (“You should never, ever hit a woman,” he says in that last example, “but this is your sister, so it doesn’t count.”)
Both the Martins and Rose Hall, Cody and Emma’s biological mother, report that a Child Protective Services investigation of the family took place in the state of Maryland — Hall’s sister Crystal Reynolds added, aghast, that investigators had considered the behavior “[appropriate] corporal punishment.” Maryland CPS is not legally permitted to confirm or deny that an investigation occurred.
It’s not uncommon, or even unheard of, for popular family vlogs to showcase their children’s pain for views (as I’ve covered previously, ER videos are insanely popular). But for most people familiar with the YouTube universe, the behavior displayed on DaddyOFive’s channel is worse than anything they’ve seen before on a YouTube family vlog, and it’s brought on a crisis in the informal community of YouTube family vloggers — a community that’s also an increasingly large, and increasingly profitable, business. The top family YouTube channels pull in millions of dollars in revenue a year, but unlike most multi-million-dollar industries, family vloggers have no trade shows or publications, and no formal organizations beyond the MCNs (multi-channel networks) and YouTube reps that give them little time and less transparency. Instead, they share industry news, common gripes, and the day-to-day scuttlebutt on a series of secret Facebook pages that one prominent family vlogger referred to as “our water cooler.”
All the vloggers I talked to discovered DaddyOFive through one of these Facebook pages, or through another YouTuber, Philip DeFranco, who created a video exposé collecting and commenting on some of DaddyOFive’s worst moments. Two days after DeFranco’s video launched, the story ballooned everywhere, from YouTube-specific sites like We the Unicorns and Tubefilter to the New York Post and BBC News. YouTube removed ads from the channel. (Their only comment: “Videos violating YouTube’s community guidelines are removed from the platform.”) Several videos were deleted, but some similarly upsetting videos — with titles like “Dad Destroys Son’s Xbox One PRANK” — remained up, until the Martins made the channel’s entire archive private, after issuing their first public apology several hours later. (On Martin’s Twitter, he claims the decision to demonetize was his own.) YouTube has not responded to further requests for comment.
Hall, who lives in North Carolina and had custody of Emma and Cody until 2014, alleges that the children were taken from her illegally and unfairly, and that the Martins forged paperwork from her granting them permanent custody, and used intimidation tactics in the ensuing custody battle. Hall also alleges that she made Maryland authorities aware of the DaddyOFive channel in October, though Maryland CPS has claimed that they were unaware of the videos until the scandal broke. Detective Drew Robinson at the Martin County Sheriff’s Office in North Carolina confirms that a police report including the videos was filed on October 17, and says the office passed the information to Maryland authorities.
Last Sunday afternoon, Mike and Heather Martin posted a new apology video, deleting or privatizing their previous attempt, in which they take responsibility for harming their kids and offending others, and admit to entering family counseling. “If I didn’t know the people and I saw some of those things,” Heather says, “I would be thinking the same thing.” The video is stylistically weird, with professional lighting, a fully made-up Heather doing most of the talking, and frequent fade-to-black cuts in the middle of sentences. Onscreen alone, the couple seems genuinely contrite and respectful, though skepticism is appropriate for a family that’s spent the last week claiming to feign pain for attention. Though, when Heather opens the video saying, “This has been the absolute worst week of our life,” it’s easy to believe. (We were not able to reach the Martins for comment on this story.)
Marc Abrams, a child psychologist and forensic consultant for the State of New York was skeptical that the behavior, though careless and stupid, could actually be labeled abuse. “Excess corporal punishment or excess physical violence is considered abuse,” Abrams said. “Now, how do you define excess? Good luck. How much money do you have to spend on a lawyer.”
Regardless of where their situation lands legally, the Martins appear to have taken some of the criticism to heart. But this is not an isolated incident. Channels showing 8- to 12-year-old girls as “Bad Babies” — making messes, throwing tantrums, being harshly scolded, acting out repeated body horrors, or being watched by ogling monsters while sleeping — routinely get hundreds of millions of views a month. None are as immediately disturbing as DaddyOFive’s explicit videos — the girls on the most popular channels are obviously acting, and seem, in the short snippets we see, to be having fun — but the line between harmless fun and exploitation can be blurry on YouTube, especially as life-changing amounts of money get involved.
“I​ ​think​ ​that​ ​part​ ​of​ ​the​ ​responsibility​ ​does​ ​fall​ ​on​ ​YouTube,​ ​because​ ​I​ ​know​ ​that​ ​tons​ ​of​ ​videos​ sure​ ​get​ ​flagged​ ​every​ ​day,​ ​but​ ​when​ ​a​ ​YouTube​ ​channel​ ​who​ ​flags​ ​something​ ​has​ 2​ ​or​ ​5
Estimates of DaddyOFive’s income range from $200,000 to $350,000 annually, and while they have made clear that this money pays for toys and trips for their children (at one point in apologizing, they worried that selling their kids’ electronics might be the only way to support themselves), the onscreen victimization suffered by the Martin kids is only part of the injustice. Though many young YouTube stars essentially work as child entertainers — the Martins explicitly claim that their kids are acting, and many families are open about scripting some videos — the conditions of and income from their labor are not regulated. Most rely entirely on the generosity of their parents, who receive automated payments from ad revenue, to see any benefit from their work, and that financial coercion is important to consider when the Martin children making middling or even positive statements about their parents’ treatment, as they did in a since-privatized initial response.
million​ ​subscribers,​ ​they​ ​need​ ​to​ ​take​ ​a​ ​look​ ​at​ ​that,” said Kristine, who creates Family Fun Pack with her kids (she asked me not to use her last name to protect the family’s offscreen privacy).
Both she and another family vlogger I spoke to, who asked to not be identified, have millions of subscribers and their own YouTube reps, but neither attempted to reach out to the company directly.
“In​ ​the​ ​past​, ​when​ ​I’ve​ ​brought​ ​up​ ​things​ ​that​ ​have​ ​to​ ​do​ ​with​ ​other​ ​YouTubers,​” the prominent vlogger said, “it​ ​was​ ​just like,​ ‘​I’m​ ​your​ ​rep,​ ​and​ ​I​ ​can’t​ ​really​ ​do​ ​anything​ ​else​ ​other​ ​than​ ​just​ ​help you.’​ ​I​ ​don’t​ ​know,​ ​YouTube​ ​isn’t​ ​the​ ​best​ ​at​ ​communication,​ ​honestly.”
Short of support from YouTube or the MCNs many channels work under, vloggers turned again to their own community to look for ways to move forward. “Most MCNs … they​ ​don’t​ ​care​ ​until​ ​it becomes​ ​a​ ​big,​ ​massive​ ​public​ ​situation,” said a prominent YouTuber.
“Everybody is just horrified, and wanting to pull together any resources,” said Melissa Hunter, who created the MommyandGracieShow channel with her daughter, “Different people with different connections in the two states involved have tried to reach out to people that they know there, and I think it’s crossed out of the family-vlogging community; just YouTubers in general are horrified.”
The original photo, cropped to exclude two men sitting beside the women on a couch, seems to have come from a photoset Xuan Yi posted to Weibo.(Weibo, if you’re not familiar, is a popular Chinese microblogging platform. It’s not quite Chinese Twitter, but that’s the closest, simplest comparison.) It appears to have been taken at a premiere at the Beijing Film Festival earlier this month, not at their wedding.
Farewell, lesbian-billionaire hoax. You were fun while you lasted.
The National Security Agency, the government division synonymous with anxiety about someone reading your sexts, has reportedly decided to end one of its most controversial programs. The New York Times is reporting that the NSA is ending one of its warrantless wiretap programs, which involved collecting emails and texts about foreign surveillance targets sent by Americans.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has upheld these searches as lawful, with the intel community arguing that merely communicating with an address associated with a terror suspect is grounds for investigation. Those in opposition to the effort claimed that it violated Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights, which protect them from illegal search and seizure.
The law that authorized the collection program, the FISA Amendments Act, expires at the end of 2017. Democratic senator Ron Wyden of Oregon has announced his intention to codify new limits on NSA surveillance in congressional legislation.
According to the Times:
After a tumultuous four year run filled with fast growth, cultural prominence, and dozens of instances of teens and college students (and college professors) getting bullied via the anonymous gossip app, Yik Yak, a platform you probably forgot existed, is shutting down for good. Co-founders Tyler Droll and Brooks Buffington announced the decision on the company’s blog this evening, writing, “we’ll begin winding down the Yik Yak app over the coming week as we start tinkering around with what’s ahead for our brand, our technology, and ourselves.”
Some former Yak employees will be joining the team at Square, the post also announced. There were no specific details about what is next for Droll or Buffington. For anybody who has followed the Yak saga over the years, the announcement isn’t really a big surprise. The app, by its design, was problematic from its inception. A platform where people can say whatever they’d like without disclosing their identity? What could possibly go wrong? “A gossip app brought my high school to a halt,” wrote one then-senior in 2014. Yik Yak started geofencing the app so it wouldn’t work on high-school campuses, but bullying still plagued colleges and universities. In 2015, a student at Western Washington University was charged with a hate crime for making alleged lynching threats on the app directed at a black student. At the University of Missouri, the app was used by a student making death threats, saying he was going to “shoot every black person I see.” Similar hate speech and threats plagued the app across the country. The company tried introducing handles to make the app safer and more enjoyable for users, but this backfired and translated to more targeted harassment. Last August, the company required all users to disclose their identities in order to use the app, but it ultimately wasn’t enough to keep its user base from ditching the app. RIP, Yik Yak. You were a real beast.
If you believed that the necessary next step in our species’ evolution was to merge with artificial superintelligence, and to thereby transcend our animal condition and become immortal, what effect might that have on your politics?
The English critical theorist turned far-right cult thinker Nick Land is usefully representative of this intellectual tendency. Although he has never identified as a transhumanist, his ideas are infused with the movement’s delirious faith in the coming merger of humans and machines. His current political vision, which he has given the flamboyantly portentous title the Dark Enlightenment, is one in which the programmer elite and their ingenious technologies rule the world. “Increasingly,” he wrote in 2014, “there are only two basic human types populating this planet. There are autistic nerds, who alone are capable of participating effectively in the advanced technological processes that characterize the emerging economy, and there is everybody else.” Many transhumanists would be inclined to reject the political implications of Land’s futurism, but his vision is only really a darker, more explicitly fascistic rendering of the kind of thinking you find in the work of the futurist Ray Kurzweil, or for that matter Wired founder Kevin Kelly, who believes that we humans are “the reproductive organs of technology”.
Or there’s Michael Anissimov, a former media director at the Machine Intelligence Research Institute — a think tank in Berkeley devoted to preventing superhuman AI from destroying humanity — who has in recent years basically cornered the white-supremacy–Singularity crossover market.
This is not an entirely abstract question. There are people who believe that the future of our species involves shedding our humanity in a marriage with AI; this is known as transhumanism, and it has not unreasonably been called a new tech religion. Though the movement has no explicit political affiliations, it tends, for reasons that are probably self-explanatory, to draw a disproportionate number of Silicon Valley libertarians. And the cluster of ideas at its center — that the progress of technology will inevitably render good ol’ Homo sapiens obsolete; that intelligence, pure computational power, is to be pursued above all other values — has exerted a powerful attraction on a small group of futurists whose extreme investment in techno-libertarianism has pushed them over an event horizon into a form of right-wing authoritarianism it might be useful to regard as Dark Transhumanism.
For Dark Transhumanists, as for the neo-reactionaries from whom they take their cues, egalitarianism is inherently incompatible with any posthuman future. Take Peter Thiel, the Facebook investor who in a 2009 essay for the libertarian journal Cato Unbound announced, “I no longer believe that freedom and democracy are compatible.” Asked in a 2011 New Yorker profile whether the kinds of life extension technologies he was investing in might exacerbate already grotesque levels of social inequality, Thiel’s response offered a glimpse into the ethical simple-mindedness of his techno-libertarianism: “Probably the most extreme form of inequality,” he said, “is between people who are alive and people who are dead.”
There is, in transhumanism itself, a strain of old-timey historical romanticism: a sense of history as an inexorable progress toward a teleological vanishing point, where all human meaning is subsumed and obliterated by a godlike technology. This belief that flesh is a dead format, and that our future — or that, at least, of a technological elect — involves a final merger with machines is one that interlocks in sinister ways with the view of democracy as a failed and outmoded institution. Transhumanists view the human body as a system in need of technological disruption and ultimate transcendence, and neo-reaction views the state, the body politic, in much the same manner. Seen in a certain way, this is a mind-set — a reductionist understanding of the world as a hackable system — inherent in the culture of computer science. The flesh is weak, and democracy is entropic; both are subject to forces of decay, to human inefficiencies and failings. As eccentric and fringe a phenomenon as Dark Transhumanism may be, it’s usefully viewed in this sense as an extrapolation of tendencies inherent in the mainstream techno-capitalism of Silicon Valley.
Anissimov, with his weird synthesis of 19th-century racist pseudoscience and fantastical futurism, is a Dark Transhumanist par excellence. In a 2013 interview, he outlined how the cultural ingraining of the notion that we’re all created equal left us unprepared for “a future of technologically enhanced beings.” There are, he insists, already significant disparities in intelligence between existing races. Transhuman technologies, he says, would mean situations in which “people could be lording over one another in a way that was never possible before in history.” It’s pretty clear that Anissimov sees nothing to fear in such a future, confident as he is that it will be people like him doing the lording. Despite being approvingly quoted in Kurzweil’s The Singularity Is Near, Anissimov is these days something of a pariah from the transhumanist movement. But it is worth asking whether his specific mutation of transhumanist thinking is troubling not just because of its extremist right-wing implications, but because it magnifies illiberal, radically elitist tendencies that are inherent in transhumanism itself. Although its intellectual and spiritual roots can be traced back as far as the gnostics, transhumanism is a fever dream of contemporary technocapitalism, and it is naïve to suppose that the technological enhancements it conjures would do anything but exacerbate already existing social inequalities.
*A version of this article appears in the May 1, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
For most of last year, it was hard to avoid the sensation that something had broken somewhere and the internet was leaking into real life. The world seemed to have taken on the punchy, disorderly, darkly playful quality of a message-board fight, in part because the president-to-be insisted on communicating mainly in tweets assembled from detritus found in a Breitbart-comments scrapyard. The subcultures and folkways of the internet had become powerful enough that the entire election apparatus was obligated to attend to and dissect them. In January, the Republican consultant Rick Wilson dismissed a portion of Trump supporters as “childless single men who masturbate to anime”; by September, the Clinton campaign was concerned enough with the threat of meme warfare that it released an explainer denouncing the cartoon frog Pepe under the title “Donald Trump, Pepe the frog, and white supremacists: an explainer.” When Election Night rolled around, it was hard to begrudge the exuberant 4chan poster, thrilling in his candidate’s surprise victory, who bragged that “we actually elected a meme as president.”
In February, Beran published a widely circulated 8,000-word essay about his own history with 4chan, which he called the “skeleton key to the rise of Trump.” For Beran, the notorious image board — the most infamous of the message boards and forums that created and defined what we now think of as internet culture — was ripe for right-wing radicalization specifically because it was a gathering place for the people who felt most thwarted by challenges of offline life: “Everyone on 4chan drifts to the right because their lives still aren’t working out,” he says.
Whatever else the alt-right is, it is a movement born and incubated on the internet, and it couldn’t have existed without that technology. Circulation, discussion, and debate are oxygen to political ideas. Commercial and social mechanisms like “the cost of owning a printing press” and “No one will invite you to parties if you openly praise Hitler” traditionally cut off extreme thinkers from mass circulation. Now, though, you can reproduce your ideas essentially infinitely, for prices so low as to be effectively free, and suffer no ill social effect. In fact, online, toxic ideas are more likely to get attention and social capital (plus, thanks to programmatic ad networks, real capital) that goes along with attention.
And there is a literal army of dissatisfied, disenchanted, mostly male young adults ripe for radicalization. The internet is host to what the writer and programmer David Auerbach calls “the first wide-scale collective gathering of those who are alienated, voiceless, and just plain unsocialized” — seeking freedom from the disappointments of the physical world in places where social interaction is decoupled from material and emotional signals they don’t understand or have access to. “There’s people that are, like, behind the counter at a Pizza Hut or whatever, and their intellect and their skills are not being used in the real world in a way that’s appealing to them,” the web-comic artist and longtime 4chan observer Dale Beran tells me. “The only interesting stuff that’s going on is the internet and video games.”
It was a shocking turn, and not just because Donald Trump had become president. Somehow the self-proclaimed losers and freaks of 4chan and its ilk had come to great political prominence. The gleaming new real-name internet of Facebook — not to mention the media companies and political machines relying on it — that was supposed to tame the wild territory of the Reddit-style web had instead been infected by it. It was almost a thrilling underdog story — the weirdos and outcasts had stood up for something and won — except that the thing they were standing up for was anti-Enlightenment, anti-democratic, anti-equality politics.
This was the core value of message-board political consciousness: sovereignty, a concept similarly important to the politics of the far right. Posters and trolls wanted to reserve for themselves on the internet the power and freedom they couldn’t find off it. And as the online and offline spheres slowly merged over the course of the 2010s, that sovereignty expressed itself as an abject refusal to resocialize — the reservation of a sacred right to be cruel. The puckish left-libertarianism that had characterized the early message-board political activity of groups like Anonymous transformed into a revanchism, seemingly intended to protect “Kekistan” — the joking name, from the LOL-like word Kek, for the safe spaces of the frustrated men of the internet.
4chan and similar communities — like those that arose on Reddit or Something Awful — were never, originally, partisan places. Message-board politics were inchoate, petulant, and largely limited to a single demand: to be left alone to do and say whatever they wanted. The first stirrings of political organizing occurred in 2008, when Anonymous, the now mostly defunct hacker collective, arose out of 4chan to take on Scientology — mostly because the Church of Scientology was attempting to remove a funny video of Tom Cruise from the internet. Such reckless disregard of the border between the free territory of online and the oppressive regime of the external world could not be tolerated.
This was the sensibility galvanized in 2014 by — what else? — a depressed and frustrated man’s rambling, 9,000-word post falsely accusing his game-developer ex-girlfriend Zoë Quinn of exchanging sex for video-game reviews. Quinn came to stand in for all the women who were attempting to carve out roles in an industry where “three-dimensional female character” traditionally referred to modeling breast physics in a graphics engine. That Quinn was innocent of the charges against her was irrelevant. She had become a meme: an endlessly replicable, endlessly remixable referent, a shibboleth for the quasi-religious systems of internet culture. Memes do not make for a particularly compassionate politics. As Whitney Phillips, a professor at Mercer University who specializes in internet culture, explains, “When you’re engaging with a meme, you’re not engaging with a full narrative” — much less with the real person on the receiving end.
And so the keening wail of a rejected boyfriend became a dedicated and highly organized media campaign: Gamergate. Some Gamergaters harassed and insulted journalists and feminist critics of video games in attempts to silence them. The repetitive-task, button-pushing skills developed through years of gaming had paid off in a new, bigger game: ruining people’s lives.
This should not have come as a surprise. Message-board culture does more than radicalize the disaffected; it also teaches them how to manipulate the attention economy. Message-board threads only superficially resemble real-world conversations; in fact, public online social interaction is built around competing with your peers for attention from the group as a whole. As Beran puts it to me, “There’s an evolutionary struggle” for ideas to be seen. If a post isn’t clever or catchy enough, “it just dies, and no one ever sees it. The best stuff, in a Darwinian struggle, gets to the top. That’s how memes are created.” 4chan in particular has always had a flair for attracting sensationalist media coverage; its members also liked to “brigade” other platforms and communities to troll and wreak havoc — maybe most famously the adolescent social network Club Penguin, which was routinely invaded by bots that formed swastikas out of penguin bodies. This might seem like a particularly useless skill, but forming swastikas in Club Penguin is structurally not much different from creating digital armies to artificially influence trending topics in Twitter, creating the impression of mass support or mass outrage, as the infamous and anonymous Trump supporter MicroChip is known to do.
Oddly enough, at the moment of its greatest triumph yet, 4chan itself was splintering. The site’s founder, Christopher Poole, who had always distanced himself from its worst excesses, enlisted moderators to delete any Gamergate threads on the site. And so a diaspora of radicalized, empowered trolls and angry young men fled elsewhere: to the rival site 8chan, hosted in the Philippines; to Reddit; then when Reddit became too censorious, to a less-moderated clone called Voat. And, of course, to Twitter, where they could carry on their campaigns on the same platform as the journalists, critics, feminists, and gamers they were targeting. (And, as Twitter played whack-a-mole with right-wing trolls, to a Twitter clone called Gab.) This multiplatform media apparatus, built during Gamergate, was the same one deployed in service of the Trump campaign in 2016. The skills developed to target Zoë Quinn as a meme were now being used on Hillary Clinton.
As the mainstream media increasingly takes its coverage cues (and its revenue sources) from a small handful of powerful social networks, the news becomes easier and easier for them to influence. The shitlords of the internet don’t create the conditions that lead to reaction, but they are more than happy to exploit them. And skilled at it, too. Earlier this year, BuzzFeed reported on Trump supporters in the anonymous public chat app Discord attempting to manipulate the French election by pretending to be French voters on Twitter; the day after the first round of voting, one poster in 4chan’s /pol/ board could be found suggesting possible rumors the board could seed to undermine Marine Le Pen’s opponent, Emmanuel Macron. Whether it fools anyone is less important than its ultimate effect — to turn the whole world into a nihilistic message board. They’ve got our attention, and they’re making everyone else play by their rules.
*This article appears in the May 1, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
At this point, it’s a pretty safe assumption that Facebook knows more about you than you might like it to. Particularly, it seems, if you’re an Australian teenager feeling vulnerable and talking about it online. According to a document uncovered this week by The Australian, the company reportedly used a set of keywords and situations to help advertisers pinpoint “moments when young people need a confidence boost.” Because being a teen isn’t hard enough already.
The guidelines were specifically for advertising in Australia and New Zealand. Terms Facebook used reportedly included words like “worthless,” “defeated,” “anxious,” “useless,” “stupid,” “overwhelmed,” “a failure,” and “stressed.” Other methods involved image recognition, and zeroing in on young users who might be unhappy with how they look or trying to lose weight, Ars Technica reports.
“We have opened an investigation to understand the process failure and improve our oversight,” a Facebook representative told The Australian. “We will undertake disciplinary and other processes as appropriate.” As noted by Ars Technica, it’s unclear if these targeted strategies have been used by Facebook in other parts of the world.
Not content to fail at everything else, President Trump has apparently decided to reform digital services offered by the government, one star in a constellation that he famously understands as “the cyber.” According to Axios, the president — represented in this case by his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who is apparently not busy enough with the “opioid epidemic” and “Israel-Palestine peace agreement” portions of his portfolio — will establish the American Technology Council to revamp tech offerings. The White House will learn what’s wrong with the government by reportedly hosting a summit with unnamed private-sector tech leaders in June.
For one thing, Silicon Valley almost uniformly detests Trump, and its leading CEOs appeared at a “summit” at Trump Tower in December mostly as a courtesy to the new regime. Nothing substantive came out of that meeting room — just a series of very uncomfortable photos. In January and February, many of the largest tech companies signed on in formal protest of Trump’s immigration ban, in part because their industry is so reliant on foreign workers. (That being said, much of Silicon Valley’s corporate liberalism is concentrated on the consumer tech side; enterprise tech leaders like Oracle’s Safra Catz assisted the Trump transition.)
Silicon Valley utopianism doesn’t scale to a country of 320 million–plus residents tied together by extensive bureaucracy. Last October, President Obama addressed this directly in remarks at Carnegie Mellon. He said:
Even in less contentious times, when the Obama administration openly embraced Silicon Valley’s progress and innovation, the results were almost impossible to transition over to the public sector. There are numerous reasons for this. For one, private tech firms pay a hell of a lot better than the government, making it easier for them to attract top talent. Plus, building digital services for the government goes through the government bidding process that favors who can do it the fastest and cheapest. Simply landing a government contract is an industry in itself. As Clay Johnson told the podcast Reply All, “This regulatory environment is so huge, and requires a real skill to understand, that the people who win the contracts are the people oftentimes who understand those regulations the best, not the people who can understand the technology the best.” It’s part of why the initial Obamacare online-exchange rollout was such a catastrophe, with unresponsive servers and 404 errors abounding.
That Trump would add technology to the list of things to hate about the federal government is unsurprising, and not even wrong — government technological infrastructure is bad and in need of serious reform — but there is no reason to suspect that this specific program is anything except bluster. The Trump administration is steered by a terrible deal-maker whose policy dictum frequently appears to be, “Well, why don’t they just make the entire government out of the black box?”
The Axios “scoop,” offered by willful propaganda tool Mike Allen, reads more like a press release than an actual plan of action, offering almost no specifics other than the now-well-known assertion that government technology lags behind the private sector. This new initiative will fall under the umbrella of the White House Office of American Innovation, which is run by Trump adviser and big boy Kushner.
Government technology sucks. Donald Trump will not fix it.
The last reason why this Trump initiative will likely never clear the starting line is because it’s overseen by Jared Kushner, and his tech-industry advisers. Kushner’s mismanagement of the New York Observer as it transitioned to a digital publication is notorious, and his only other big tech-related initiative has been creating a scoring system for NYC broadband services called WiredNYC (it is unclear whether this has had any impact on the quality of broadband service New Yorkers receive, but it’s a nice press release). More tangentially, he’s the brother of tech entrepreneur Josh Kushner, whose Thrive Capital invested in Juicero (the $400 Wi-Fi juicer that’s sometimes as effective as squeezing by hand).
That being said, Axios claims, “The council will be run by two of Kushner’s lieutenants, Chris Liddell and Reed Cordish, assistant to the president for intra-governmental and technology initiatives. Liddell — the White House director of strategic initiatives, and former CFO of Microsoft and GM — will be the council’s director.” At the very least, those two use computers regularly.
Last week, 18-year-old Nicole Pinto and her senior classmates spent the week dressing in various costumes for Olympian High School’s annual spirit week. By far, at least as far as the internet is concerned, the best day of the week was Meme Day, on which Pinto and her friends dressed as, well, memes. Salt Bae. Confused Math Lady. Idiot Sandwich. Mannequin Head. You on Kazoo. The gang was all there.
So would you say that you are a big meme fan, Nicole? Are you a meme connoisseur?Haha, yes! My friends and I are all huge on memes. We love them.
What are some of your faves? Wow, that is a hard question. In the video, you can see my friends all chose ones we all really liked, like Kazoo Kid and #NotMyRodrick. I’m a huge fan of Peanut Butter Baby, so I definitely would have done that if it weren’t so messy. I opted for the iconic Turtleneck Dwayne Johnson, though.
A true classic. So tell me about how Meme Day came to be a thing at your school. I love it.We had a senior spirit week to get us hyped for all of the end-of-the-year activities we have coming in the next month (prom, grad night, graduation, etc.). The spirit week is five days of themed dress up that are decided by the school to bring fun and creativity to campus. Some of the days during this week include College Gear Day, Tacky Tuesday, Pajama Day, and most [important] of all, Meme Day. My graduating class is all pretty meme-y, so our school’s student-activities directors thought it was fitting.
Would you say that the majority of your class got into it?I’d say about half, maybe. A lot of us, like my friends, love memes and are proud to [love memes], but there’s a large amount of students that are “closeted memers” and normies that don’t get any of them at all.
We can only hope that they’ll come around to memes some day.True! That would make everything more fun. This [going viral] is all just super crazy, and it’s happening really fast. I think the funniest part of all of this is trying to explain to my parents what memes are, and why I’m all over their Facebook feed.
What have you told them?I didn’t really mention anything to them until we passed a million views on 9GAG. That’s how I knew it was getting big. I just kind of showed them the posts and was like, “Hey, guys, remember when I went to school dressed like the Rock? Well, I took a video of everyone else’s costumes, and it’s gone viral.” I had to show them comparison pictures of everyone to clear it up a little better. I will say, they started to get the joke, but they are definitely still a little lost as to why it got so huge so fast.
Ah, yes, memes and parents. Do you think Meme Day will become an annual tradition?Probably! It was such a huge hit with us, and now that the whole school knows we went viral, I’m sure they will continue our legacy.
Select All caught up with Nicole, via Twitter DM, to find out more about this excellent and very real holiday.
This weekend marked the conclusion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office. Online, plenty of people got in on the action to, um, let’s say, honor the occasion. There were Instagram posts upon Instagram posts from former White House photographer Pete Souza. There was a trending hashtag full of musical puns about Trump’s time as president thus far. And then New York senator Chuck Schumer decided to throw his hat in the ring, too, tweeting a link to a Spotify playlist with songs chosen specifically for the event.
And thus, a once good meme reaches its inevitable end. If you listen closely, you can hear the cries of “SELL, SELL, SELL” echoing from Reddit’s /r/MemeEconomy.
Schumer’s playlist is highly curated, with each track meant to throw a barb at Trump and his administration. “Beautiful Liar,” “Stop This Train,” “He’s Misstra Know-It-All,” the list goes on and on. It’s the watered-down, political version of the “I Made My Crush a Playlist” meme, which surged in popularity at the end of April. (While the meme started out as a genuine way to express feelings for a crush, it quickly devolved into a way to send any variety of message via song titles.) Though the Trump playlist doesn’t spell out a complete message with the track names, it’s certainly in the same vein.
If rumors are true, you’ll soon be able to have Siri as a smart speaker in your home. Per KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo, one of the most reliable sources when it comes to forecasting what Cupertino will do, says Apple will likely unveil its own version of the Amazon Echo at WWDC, scheduled for June 5–9 this year.
It’s also not clear when the product would actually arrive. Apple may simply announce that the Siri speaker is coming at WWDC, but not release it until the end of the year. WWDC is aimed at developers much more than to the general public, and an early announcement would give them time to build apps and services made explicitly for voice interaction.
Regardless, the move would make sense. It’s really a matter of when, not if, Apple puts out its own AI speaker device. The main reason: Apple’s HomeKit has quietly integrated itself with nearly every smart-home-product manufacturer out there, which is no small feat: HomeKit requires that manufacturers include Apple-certified chips and firmware, which requires deep integration between Apple and partners. But for all that work and time spent with other companies, HomeKit itself remains relatively unknown. At CES this year, every smart-home product was centered squarely on the Echo and Alexa. HomeKit felt like an afterthought.
Apple is betting that people are willing to pay a premium for a better-sounding speaker, cramming in seven tweeters and a subwoofer, and taking its design cues from the “trashcan” look of the Mac Pro tower. Per KGI, Apple’s Siri speaker will use an A8 or A9 chip, either of which would would make it significantly more powerful than either an Echo or a Google Home — though, since the Echo and Home mainly work via connecting to remote servers to handle voice recognition and requests, it’s not entirely clear what this extra processing power would do.
Meanwhile, there are rumors that Amazon is working on an Echo that would include a touchscreen of some sort, allowing for visual feedback when needed. Google Home, while off to a slow start, has been slowly building the number of smart-home products it can work with, and its skill base. And Microsoft has quietly been working on bringing Cortana into the home as well.
One thing holding HomeKit back? The only real choice for a hub (required to get all of your smart-home gadgetry working in concert) has been the Apple TV, which has seen a troubled development cycle and would be very few people’s media streamer of choice. More importantly, to activate the HomeKit still requires you to pick up your smartphone or Apple TV remote. Amazon’s Echo, thanks to being always on, just requires you to say the words for your lights to turn off, or to find out what the weather is going to be like tomorrow. It’s a bit less friction, which, in the current tech ecosystem, means everything.
Smart-home speakers are a market that Amazon clearly owns right now — Amazon doesn’t provide numbers, but analysts believe tens of millions of Echos have been sold, and KGI predicts that the Echo will soon start outselling the iPad. But while Apple may be entering the game late, that hasn’t hampered the company in the past. Apple didn’t produce the first MP3 player, or the first tablet, or the first smartphone. It just created the best-selling versions of them. We’ll see if Siri can pull off the same trick when it comes time to take on Alexa.
Following allegations that the company had staged fake blood tests using commercial-lab equipment to impress investors, Theranos announced today that it has reached a settlement in two lawsuits being levied against the company by one of its investors, Partner Fund Management L.P. The hedge fund initially sued Theranos for nearly $100 million, alleging Holmes & Co. had lied about the abilities of the company’s blood technology to get them to invest. (PFM invested $96 million in Theranos in 2014.) Throughout the duration of the suit, Theranos denied any and all allegations.
The terms of the settlement between the company and the hedge fund remain confidential, Theranos also announced in a press release today. “Theranos is pleased to have resolved both lawsuits with PFM. Although we are confident that we would have prevailed at trial, resolution of these two cases allows our tender offer to go forward and enables us to return our focus where it belongs, which is on executing our business plans and delivering value for our shareholders,” Theranos general counsel David Taylor said of the settlement.
Now, Theranos says it will be able to channel all its energy and capital into its miniLab technology. The miniLab is, at least theoretically, a testing device that reportedly scans for up to 40 diseases using only a small blood sample. Back in October, after closing all remaining clinical labs and Theranos Wellness Centers, and laying off 40 percent of the company’s staff, Elizabeth Holmes announced that the miniLab would be the company’s sole focus. There has been some skepticism surrounding the miniLab technology, so as with all Theranos technology, we’ll just have to wait and see if it ever actually materializes. And then, someone should probably double-check that it actually works.
Update, May 1, 2017, at 4:25 p.m.: A Facebook representative provided Select All with the following statement regarding The Australian’s report.
Fresh on the heels of the rise and fall of playlist memes, today Spotify released a list of its most emojified artists. That is, the artists who are most commonly denoted with an emoji in user-generated playlists. Think lightning-bolt emoji for David Bowie, robot emoji for Daft Punk (longtime Twitter foe of White House press secretary Sean Spicer), and broken-heart emoji for Adele. (Apparently, everyone on Spotify is deeply unoriginal.) Spotify analyzed 2 billion playlists, finding that 35 million contained emoji. These are the top ten and their corresponding emoji.
10. Chris Brown 9. Shawn Mendes 8. Ed Sheeran7. Beyoncé
6. Ariana Grande
5. The Weeknd
4. Rihanna
3. One Direction
2. Justin Bieber
1. Drake
Frankly, I would have gone with the cheese emoji for Ed Sheeran. Or the knife emoji. But the sleeping one works, too.
If you’re going to walk down the up escalator, you have to walk faster than the stairs are moving. Otherwise, you won’t go anywhere. (Trust me on this, I took approximately three physics classes in college before dropping the course in favor of a semester of learning underwater basket weaving.) If you walk at the same pace as the escalator, you’ll find yourself trapped on a never-ending IRL StairMaster. And possibly the subject of a viral video, like this anonymous couple making the internet rounds today.
If last year’s Microsoft Surface Studio — an enormous tablet-computer hybrid made for work with images — was an attempt to take on Apple when it comes to the latter’s dominance with professionals working in graphic design and image editing, today’s education-themed event was all about Microsoft setting its sights on Google and its Chromebook.
Since being introduced in 2011, Chromebooks — cheap, lightweight laptops from a variety of manufacturers that run Google’s Chrome OS — have quickly taken root in the classroom (one estimate says that about half of K-12 classrooms in the U.S. use Chromebooks). The majority of Chromebooks out there are actually sold directly to schools, usually at discount prices or sometimes even for free, making an already cheap product even cheaper for school districts always having to make do with less. The fact that Chromebooks are easy to manage, particularly with multiple users, saves IT headaches.
Satya Nadella, the Microsoft CEO who’s helped revitalize the company, took the stage at the event with a story of his great-grandmother, who could only afford to send one of her sons to school. One son became a day laborer, the other — Nadella’s grandfather — went to school, and eventually became a police officer. His grandfather’s salary allowed Nadella’s father to also go to school, and for Nadella himself to immigrate and study in the U.S., and eventually lead one of the largest tech companies in the world. “Talent is everywhere,” said Nadella, “opportunity is not.”
That first log-in and boot-up time have been significantly reduced. Windows 10 S will allow for laptops to get by on longer battery life than you can expect out of a normal laptop, thanks mainly to features that more closely mirror how your smartphone handles applications — being extremely aggressive in app management and keeping background processes to a bare minimum. It’s also meant to make managing the dozens or even hundreds of students who may use the same device even easier.
There will be Windows 10 education PCs, made by a variety of manufacturers, starting at $189, with a free one-year subscription to Minecraft: Education Edition. There are also tools like Microsoft Learning Tools, which can do things like help kids — especially those with dyslexia and ESL learners — with reading comprehension. Windows 10 S will also be free for any school system already on Windows 10. It’ll be out this summer, ready for the new school year. (A Microsoft rep said it was still to be determined how much schools would need to pay — if anything — if they don’t have a Windows 10 license already.)
It also debuted what many expected to be its own version of the Chromebook: The Surface Laptop, a clamshell laptop that loses the cool tear-away screen of the Surface Pro and Surface Book and can run Windows 10 S (though, like any Windows 10 S device, it can be upgraded to a full version of Windows for $50). It’s a slick-looking machine — just 2.76 pounds with 13.5-inch 1080p touch display — and at 14.47-mm thick at the back and 9.9-mm thick at the front, it’s (ever so slightly) thinner than any MacBook Air or MacBook Pro on the market. It continues to use the Alcantara fabric around the keyboard, and comes with Microsoft’s pen stylus, allowing users to write notes directly on the screen. Microsoft also promises 14 hours of battery life from the Surface Laptop, which would place it at the far end of what laptops are capable of today.
This gets to the heart of the difference between Google and Microsoft. Chromebooks still represent a tiny fraction of Google’s business — it is essentially a display-advertising company that happens to make two popular operating systems, Android and Chrome OS. Microsoft, while growing its cloud-computing platform Azure to compete with Amazon’s dominant AWS, still makes the most money from licensing Windows and its Office 365 software.
Still, education was the key, and Microsoft needs this bulwark against Chromebooks in the classroom. Students today will soon be the office drones and the IT professionals who support them. If you have a generation of kids coming up who are, at the very least, comfortable working in Chrome OS, then Microsoft is in danger.
Chromebooks were a long-term wager for Google that ended up working out — but Google’s future would have been assured even if manufacturers, educators, and consumers had all ignored Chrome OS. But Microsoft, for the foreseeable future, needs Windows and its suite of office software to continue to be the default OS for most of the world. Whether that’s through enticing school administrators via cheap and easy-to-manage PCs, or sucking in kids in via Minecraft: Education Edition, Microsoft wants that to start with students, as soon as they enter the classroom.
Per Microsoft, Windows still leads globally in K-12 classrooms, but there’s little doubt that Chromebook and Chrome OS are making Redmond uncomfortable. To that end: Microsoft has now introduced Windows 10 S. It’s a pared down version of Windows 10, restricting users to apps sold through the Windows Store — meaning that everything students or teachers download has been verified and gets regular editing (it’ll also prevent students from downloading sketchy files that may be malware).
Alternatively, maybe the pair was just looking to meet their step counts for the day and tone their calves.
In a brief hands-on, the laptop felt good — the keyboard feels noticeably better than the butterfly switches on the current generation of MacBooks. The fabric surrounding the keyboard is largely a matter of personal preference — I personally kinda dig the weird ’70s pseudo-suede feel of it, but I know others who find it off-putting to rest their palms against the fabric while using Surface Pros with the same styling. It starts at $999, making it high-end for a Chromebook competitor — to my eyes, this is more an offering for incoming college students choosing between a MacBook and something else, before they begin their freshman year.
The problem, though, is that net neutrality is very tough to sell as important to people, because it is one of the most boring topics in the world. I’m only being slightly hyperbolic. Part of this is inherent to the issue itself. It’s not a particularly sexy thing to talk about; it also doesn’t directly help or protect vulnerable people or services. At its core, net neutrality is about regulating a lower layer of the internet (service providers like the cable company) so that the layer above them (the websites and services you use every day) can be administrated equally. You can say “level playing field” and “free speech” all you want, but at its core, net neutrality is an issue about the regulation of infrastructure and utilities, and it’s hard to get people to care.
Among the many fragile regulatory frameworks being attacked with sledgehammers by the Trump administration is “net neutrality,” a very important issue that will dictate how the internet evolves (or doesn’t) for years to come.
In fact, the rhetoric is so catchy, as the Daily Dot points out, that FCC chairman Ajit Pai has adopted it to argue against net neutrality. Last week, in his speech, laughably titled “Restoring Internet Freedom,” Pai said (emphasis added):
Part of it, though, is the phrase itself. Here at Select All, we’ve tried to avoid using “net neutrality” in headlines this year because it is a boring-ass phrase. I can feel your eyes glazing over. Nothing gets clicks like the concept of “neutrality.” Instead of saying “net neutrality,” advocates — Select All included — have started referring to this policy debate as a fight to preserve the “free and open internet.” It’s catchy! Who would disagree with a free and open internet?
Pai is advocating for the freedom of the true oppressed class: telecom monopolies.
I’ll recap just one more time, so that it really sticks.
The Outline argues that net neutrality needs better branding — a catchier slogan! A fun, anagrammatic bill name for congressional debate! While this seems like a promising start, I think a new name for a boring issue is likely to get the stench of boredom attached to it, too. What’s more important is making clear to people the direct stake they have in this issue. On net neutrality, this is easy: net neutrality is a fight over whether your cable company gets to screw you. That’s the one sentence you need to remember. If you support net neutrality, you want to prevent cable companies from screwing over their customers by slowing down certain websites. If you support the FCC rolling back Title II regulations, you support the ability of cable companies to slow down the websites you love to visit.
It’s simple and catchy, and places at the center of the net neutrality debate one of the most hated groups in the country: Cable companies. Supporting net neutrality means that you don’t want to get screwed by your cable company. No more headlines that say stuff like, “The debate over net neutrality.” It is now, “The debate over whether cable companies should be allowed to fuck their customers.” Glad we cleared this up.
Last week, Mike Martin and his wife, Heather, faced flak after the YouTube community exposed some of their videos as being potentially abusive to the Martins’ children. Mike Martin is known on YouTube as the DaddyOFive channel, where he and Heather racked up over 750,000 followers with videos of their day-to-day lives as a blended family. (The five kids are Emma and Cody, Martin’s children from a previous marriage, and Heather’s three sons.) But in between harmless content were videos in which Martin would play “pranks” on Cody. (Cody is also the youngest of the five children.) Videos ranged from Martin smashing Cody’s Xbox with a hammer (he would later show his son that it had been a different Xbox), to convincing Cody that he was being adopted out of the family for his bad behavior, to cursing at him for spilling ink — which, naturally, Heather and Mike had actually spilled — on his bedroom floor. In several of the videos, Cody can be seen crying and seems to be visibly, and understandably, upset by what has happened. Today, Cody’s biological mother, Rose Hall, announced — also via YouTube video — that she has been granted emergency custody of both of her children, and has removed them from the Martins’ home in Maryland.
In the most-talked-about video game of the last several weeks, 100 players are loaded into a cargo plane. As it circles above a large island, players can choose where to drop out. After the players touch down, they have to scrounge for weapons, ammo, and armor in abandoned houses — hoping to remain alive until a ticker in the top-right corner clicks down to one. The game is called PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds; it’s five weeks old, costs $30, and, technically, isn’t even finished. And — despite a release with no major marketing campaign or PR push — at any moment, 100,000 people are running it.
It’s tough to overstate how wildly successful Battlegrounds has been, especially given how different its path to consumers’ hands has been. The game’s developer, Bluehole, sold 2 million copies in just five weeks on Steam’s Early Access, a section of the marketplace where game-makers can sell in-development versions of games at a discount, letting players buy in before it’s actually finished and help fund further development. Minecraft, one of the most successful video games ever made, popularized the business model, but offering half-finished games is an obvious gamble. “I was really concerned about doing Early Access, because there have been so many titles in Early Access that it was almost like a poison pill,” PlayerUnknown, in real life an Irish game designer known as Brendan Greene, told me.
“Chang-han Kim, the executive producer from Bluehole, contacted me with his idea for a battle-royale game, synced very much with what I wanted to do,” Greene said. “I went out, met them. He said, ‘We’ll make a game in a year.’ I didn’t quite believe him, but he proved me wrong.” Since then, Greene’s been traveling to South Korea on a regular basis; he was in the throes of jet lag when we spoke. “PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds” was chosen for the name because it wasn’t copyrighted, and Greene liked the anonymity of his handle. “I like going to conventions and not being known,” he said when we spoke. “I introduce myself as, ‘Hi, I’m Brendan.’ Then I’ll hear people talking at our booth like, ‘PlayerUnknown this’ and ‘PlayerUnknown that,’ and I’m just like, ‘I’m sure he’s a lovely guy.’”
As a game, Battlegrounds is fairly simple — a smartly designed, well-made combination of shooter and survival simulator. As a phenomenon, though, it’s fascinating. Video games are a multi-billion-dollar industry; major titles are released with marketing budgets and campaigns that rival Hollywood movies. Battlegrounds somehow managed to skirt this entire process: It didn’t release a barrage of trailers, trickling out minor details over the course of months, nor did it leak details, nor give access to a gaming news site for a major prerelease feature. Rather than games journalists, much of its momentum came from big streamers — pro and semipro gamers who stream their lengthy game-playing sessions online, usually on Amazon’s Twitch service — like Lirik, a 26-year-old American with 1.6 million Twitch followers; it reached and has retained a position near the top of Twitch’s list of the most-streamed games since release, standing alongside major blockbuster titles like League of Legends and Hearthstone.
Battlegrounds is a “battle royale” game, a genre inspired by the Japanese film Battle Royale, which follows a group of schoolchildren trapped on an island and forced to fight to the death until only one remains. Greene is essentially the creator of the genre, and his popular battle-royale mods (modified game files) for extant games like Arma 2 and H1Z1 cemented him as its leading light. They also caught the eye of Korean development studio Bluehole.
In this case, it paid off. Back-of-the-envelope math shows that the game, sold at $30 a pop, has brought in more than $60 million (Greene said that the initial version of the game was made by a staff of 30 to 40 people within Bluehole’s 500-plus staff), and the game has remained near the top of Steam’s sales charts since launch. In terms of concurrent players on Steam — a measurement of how many people are playing the game at a given moment — it usually lags behind only Counter-Strike: GO and Dota 2, both of which have half-decade head starts, and millions of dollars of marketing and eSports money behind them.
Battlegrounds’ success was “rooted in several factors,” Twitch’s Jason Maestas, senior director of partnerships, North America, told me. “The fanbase was already in place,” thanks to PlayerUnknown’s previous popular mods, for one. But, just as significantly, “their team has done a phenomenal job of getting the game into the hands of many of popular Twitch content creators” — according to Twitch’s data, “essentially every major variety and FPS streamer” is playing it.
But while streaming factors into the game, it doesn’t dictate how Greene designs it: “At the end of the day, we’re striving to make a good game. There’s no focus on one particular part of our player base.”
In fact, part of what has made Battlegrounds such a success is that the game seems, in some ways, made for streaming. “The heart and soul of battle royale — the idea of looting, then fighting with other players — is good for streamers, especially the starting part,” Greene noticed. “It’s a bit slower, gives streamers a chance to interact with their chat [audience members], and then there’s action later.” As streamers become more and more important to the video-game economy, the more a game can cater to the rhythms of streaming, the more publicity it will get.
Greene said that Battlegrounds has a pretty aggressive six-month road map for coming out of Early Access, and then maybe gamers can see it elsewhere. Asked if he was thinking about other platforms, Greene noted, “We’d be silly not to. We want to get this out on Xbox; we want to get this out on PS4.” Maybe eSports down the road. But he wants to get it running smoothly for PCs first. Luckily, there are already millions of beta testers.
That word-of-mouth distribution method, which can bring in millions in revenue without a traditional PR blitz, represents a dramatic shift in how games are sold, and how they are played. From one standpoint, it’s meritocratic, and it’s easy to sense the waning market influence of traditional gaming publications. Personal brands and one-man (or woman) media operations can now move the needle in ways unimaginable even five years ago. This can give smaller developers, who don’t have marketing or PR budgets, a chance to shine. At the same time, the feedback loop between developers and the people who play their games most prominently and obsessively lets developers make tweaks and changes that benefit their customers directly.
Hall, seated beside her attorney, says her two children are “doing good” and “getting back to their playful selves.” She also says that convincing Cody to come with her was a struggle, as the boy had been told, ostensibly by Mike and Heather Martin, that she did not love or want him anymore. At the end of the 13-minute video, Hall thanks several YouTubers — including Phil DeFranco, a YouTuber who posted an exposé video earlier this spring about DaddyOFive’s pranks — for helping to get her children out of a dangerous situation. Hall previously had custody of Cody and Emma up until 2014, when she says that they were illegally taken from her after the Martins forged paperwork.
As for Mike and Heather Martin, their YouTube channel has been scrubbed, save for a single apology video posted last week. In it, the couple tearfully apologizes for making “terrible parenting decisions,” and says they are in family counseling. The Martins had previously denied any of their videos were abusive. “All information will be presented to the court at the appropriate time,” the Martin family’s attorney told the BBC when asked for a comment on the current situation.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer — you know, the man who maybe thinks the Onion is real news and has it out for Daft Punk — finished his briefing today; watched as Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, spoke about ongoing budget negotiations; and then promptly exited the room. He, unexpectedly, did not take any questions from members of the press corps. This, expectedly, did not go over super well with said members of the press corps. (Plug in your headphones and turn on your sound, now.)
Sean!
Every day the internet presents us with countless unsolvable mysteries, words and pictures severed from their original context and freed into the unfolding matrix of online. Where does that image come from? Who said this quote? These mysteries are usually fleeting and easily solved or discarded, thanks to Google and the endlessly renewable web. But due to its very structure, the internet obfuscates and disguises things. It offers up unanswerable questions.
For me, one of the most enduring internet mysteries concerns a file known as “IMG_4346.jpeg.” It is, based on file type, an image. But it is not an image I — or any of the hundreds of thousands of people who might have come across the file name — have ever seen. It is an image known only by its nondescript name, thanks to ESPN commentator Stephen A. Smith.
But no parody of Smith — and no other tweet by the man himself — has haunted Twitter quite like “TAke a look, y’all,” a display of confident incompetence made more bold every day that it stays up without explanation or deletion. It has now lasted for two years without any context or follow-up. It is a memorial to stubbornness, an embodiment of Benjamin Jowett’s dictum to “never apologize, never explain.” It is also very stupid and funny.
At 10:15 p.m. on May 26, 2015, Smith tweeted:
As we’ve seen, Smith is not exactly the most savvy Twitter user, though he did join the service in its nascent period, in September 2008. The homepage linked to from his Twitter account is stephena.com, which redirected to one of those dubious scam pages telling me that I needed to upgrade my Flash installation. More curiously, the location field on his profile contains the geographic coordinates for an area containing a Social Security Administration office, a Walmart, and an Arby’s east of Cherry Hill, New Jersey. The location field appears to have been auto-filled by the Twitter client UberTweet (now known as UberSocial). Smith’s relationship to UberTweet, and the Arby’s, is a mystery for another day.
How did it happen? The most likely explanation is that Smith copied the photo to his clipboard, expecting to be able to paste it into the text box as an attachment. Instead, the pasting was converted to the name of the file. This is not an uncommon problem in software, where dragging a multimedia file into a text-entry field will insert the item’s file path, rather than the original media. It is difficult to replicate numerous aspects of Smith’s setup (the correct iterations of iPhone hardware, operating system, and Twitter app), so I can only work from this, which I believe to be the most plausible theory.
But, on a lark, I emailed ESPN’s PR department to see if they could help me out. I explained that I was looking for IMG_4346.jpeg — a photo that is nearly two years old at this point — in the hopes of putting this mystery to bed. ESPN, god bless them, did actually look into this for me. Earlier this week, communications manager Tara Chozet sent word: “I talked to Stephen A. about this, and unfortunately, he doesn’t remember the gaffe, which means he also doesn’t remember which photo he was supposed to tweet. I love the premise and think we could have had a lot of fun with it, but it would be disingenuous for him to do this story.”
If I were busy radio-and-television personality Stephen A. Smith, I’d have probably sent a similar response. I wrote out step-by-step instructions for Mr. Smith, with screenshots, explaining how to search for the photo on macOS, hopeful that the image had been transferred from his phone to his computer automatically via iCloud’s Photo Stream function. I do not expect to hear back.
Smith might be ESPN’s most famous onscreen personality, which is ultimately less a tribute to his insight than a testament to his ability to get under everyone’s skin as an improbably stubborn and belligerent devil’s advocate. He has built up a devoted following on Twitter, in part because he has the charmingly befuddled demeanor and topic selection of a grandfather:
It helps that he has an immediately recognizable pattern of speech, easily reproduced to viral effect on Twitter:
Ever since her husband was elected to the highest office in the country, First Lady Melania Trump — notoriously press-shy, not particularly talkative, and more fond of New York City than Washington, D.C. — has remained something of an enigma. Who is she, really? What are her politics? How does she feel about her husband’s presidency? We could report, we could speculate, we could write fanfic. Or we could check her “likes” on Twitter:
For about 45 minutes on Tuesday evening, one half of all two tweets that Melania Trump’s Twitter account had ever liked was a tweet implying that she hates her husband. (The tweet contains a hugely viral GIF from the inauguration showing Melania quickly losing a smile as soon as she’s out of range of the president’s eyesight.)
By 10:53, she had removed the like, with no comment. When asked by Ringer writer Kate Knibbs if he had any connection to Ms. Trump, Andy Ostroy, the “marketer, producer, pundit” who authored the original tweet, responded, “Hmmm … I guess I do now …”
Think back to Donald Trump’s inauguration. (Feels like a long time, no? It has been approximately 105 days.) Remember that fun, brief moment when someone behind the Twitter account for the National Park Service retweeted a side-by-side photo comparing crowds at Obama’s inauguration in 2009 and Trump’s in 2017. The former, obviously, visibly outnumbering the latter. The account also retweeted a tweet featuring a story about how the Trump administration, within hours of taking control, had already wiped LGBTQ, climate change, and civil-rights pages from the government’s website.
The Trump administration, CBS News reports, traced the IP address of the tweets to a device in San Bruno, California. From there, they “checked all possible NPS social media points of contacts in that area,” according to a briefing. While there was initial thought that the tweets had come from somebody who meant to tweet from their personal account — an easy enough mistake that might have led Melania Trump, or “Melania Trump,” to fave a tweet about hating her husband — this theory was later discredited. Which means, unlike the time Trump apologized for an intern who “accidentally did a Retweet,” the rogue National Park tweeter, whoever they may be, definitely meant to send those tweets.
The tweets didn’t last long. Shortly after, news broke that the National Park Service’s support office had received instructions “to immediately cease use of government Twitter accounts until further notice.” Despite insistence from Sean Spicer that the White House had not requested the tweets be removed, nor that the accounts be temporarily suspended, new details released by the Park Service via the Freedom of Information Act show otherwise. “Obviously, this has become a very sensitive issue, especially since the President has gotten directly involved and contacted Acting Director Mike Reynolds concerned about one of the images that was retweeted,” Tim Cash, chief of digital strategy at the National Park Service, wrote to Shaun Cavanaugh, NPS’s chief information-security officer, in an email the day after the inauguration.
As videos and livestreams of people hurting themselves or others on Facebook become a regular part of the news cycle, the company has been facing mounting pressure to, well, do something about it. Today, Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook would “be adding 3,000 people to our community operations team around the world — on top of the 4,500 we have today — to review the millions of reports we get every week, and improve the process for doing it quickly.” Those reviewers will remove videos featuring hate speech, child exploitation, and, you know, murder and suicide. They’ll also coordinate with law enforcement if need be.
Hulu’s livestreaming plan, officially called Hulu With Live TV (it just trips off the tongue) is now in “beta” today and available for $40 per month, bringing the count up to five total livestreaming services you can pick to watch cable TV. So how does it compare to the other four players?
There is a horrifying video going around Twitter today featuring chef James Briscione of Man Crafted, a Food Network show I only discovered existed about half an hour ago. It is, friends, as I said, truly horrifying. In it, Briscione first demonstrates how to slice up a watermelon. This part is fine, if wrong. (Who wants to eat watermelon in sad cubes on sticks, when slices are clearly the superior form?) But then, a very bad thing happens where Briscione recommends sprinkling your newly sliced fruit with salt and taco seasoning. (If you feel you must dress up your melon, there are plenty of good watermelon toppings out there — feta and oil, chili powder and a little lime juice, sour cream and brown sugar — this just isn’t one of them.)
It’s like peas and guacamole all over again.
If, by chance, you received this email and clicked on the link, here’s what you need to do:
Meanwhile, if you do get a random Google Docs link, here’s what to do:
Stay safe out there.
What exactly the phishing accomplishes in unknown, but there’s an excellent explanation of how it works on Reddit:
1. Go to your Gmail account’s permissions settings at https://myaccount.google.com/permissions.
If Alex Jones were a typical high-profile syndicated radio-talk-show host, he could expect to receive two main sources of revenue. The first is syndication revenue, and the second is advertising revenue. When a syndicator representing a major host like Sean Hannity convinces a station to carry his show, the station agrees to pay a certain amount each time it airs the show. Alex Jones’s show, however, is syndicated by the Genesis Communications Network, a mostly right-wing radio network that takes a different approach. Instead of charging syndication fees to radio stations, the company only uses what is called the barter model. GCN offers the content for no cost, and in exchange, GCN reserves the right to sell national advertising against the programs, generally four minutes per hour. In a weakening ad-sales market for local radio, free content can be very appealing for station owners with tight margins, so GCN shows are picked up on hundreds of stations around the country, which then run their own local ads.
But sometime later that year, his business model changed completely. Since late 2013, Jones has been pushing a collection of dietary supplements designed to prey on the paranoias and insecurities of his listeners: Infowars Life Silver Bullet Colloidal Silver. Infowars Life Brain Force Plus. Infowars Life Super Male Vitality. Infowars Life Liver Shield. In a recent BuzzFeed profile of Jones, Charlie Warzel writes that the launch of Infowars dietary supplements “completely transformed” Infowars into a “media empire,” but this might even be underselling it — if not mischaracterizing the nature of Jones’s business. If you visit Infowars.com today, there is no “advertise with Infowars” link. Unlike other right-wing media empires, it does not appear to be supported by high-net-worth investors like Robert Mercer. Alex Jones is not trying to get you to subscribe to his video service anymore (though it still exists). In fact, he hasn’t even made a documentary film since 2012. And nearly every ad on his website sells just one thing: Infowars Life dietary supplements. An examination of his business seems to indicate that the vast majority of Infowars’ revenue comes from sales of these dietary supplements. Infowars isn’t a media empire — it’s a snake-oil empire. Let me explain.
It comes from dietary supplements.
If the number of reviews for each product on his Infowars Store website can be taken as an indication of the relative popularity of each product, the dietary supplements are extremely lucrative for Infowars. One BuzzFeed source says that the Infowars Store brought in $10 million in revenue over two years in 2012 and 2013, before the supplements were introduced. (Jones apparently bragged that the store grossed $18 million over that period.) How much is he making from the supplements now? Fully 81 percent of the more-than-30,000 product reviews on Alex Jones’s InfowarsStore.com are for Infowars Life–brand dietary supplements. Assuming the product reviews are generally real (and I believe they are), it’s possible to roughly estimate just how lucrative this line of products has been for Alex Jones. The more-than-25,000 dietary-supplement reviews on InfowarsStore.com only go back as far as February 2015, so we are looking at approximately two years of reviews. A representative from PowerReviews, which manages Infowars’ review system, told me that between 3 percent and 8 percent of purchasers generally review their products. Assuming that 5 percent of Jones’s customers review each product they’ve purchased, the total sales would be more than 500,000 units sold over two years. At an average price of $30, this would represent $15,000,000 in sales over the same two-year period. If we assume more generously that reviews represent closer to 3 percent of the total number of purchasers, the number balloons to nearly $25,000,000. That’s a lot of money — especially when you consider that a devoted audience like Jones’s is likely filled with repeat customers who may not review each individual purchase.
We’ve had an Echo in our kitchen for almost a year now, and it’s shocking how quickly Alexa integrated itself into our domestic routine — listening to news in the morning, playing music or a podcast while making dinner, asking “What’s the weather forecast?” while figuring out what to wear or whether to grab a jacket.
There’s the idea that the Sol will, per GE’s press release, put “illumination around the Sol’s ring where clock hands would go in a traditional clock” — meaning no more finding my phone to check the time (and then suddenly finding myself reading Twitter until 12:30 a.m.). The ability to change the color temperature of the light to something much warmer at night is appealing, as is switching it to something brighter during the day. And being able to set an alarm by voice is nice as well.
Have you seen this swimsuit? It’s red. It’s low in the back and emblazoned with a tiny, white seahorse. It and the extremely tan-lined model wearing it are haunting my dreams. Earlier this week, Sunny Co. Clothing promised a free swimsuit — “free” meaning free, save the cost of shipping and handling — to anybody who reposted their Instagram photo of the swimsuit and tagged the company in it within 24 hours. It worked. The company’s Instagram followers spiked, and if you float in certain circles on Instagram — namely, if you follow enough young women — you were likely inundated with that red swimsuit over and over again.
As for the company behind the gimmick, before the 24-hour period was up, Sunny Co. Clothing posted a second Instagram of the red swimsuit. In it, they stipulated that the company had the “right to cap the promotion if deemed necessary.” They also posted the promo code you need to get the suit: “SUNNY.” (Points to the extremely creative team over there at Sunny Co. Clothing.) Which means, not only did people not actually need to post the photo — which essentially provides free advertising for the company — to get the deal, chances are that a good many of the folks who shared the photo won’t be getting their “free” ($12) swimsuit after all. Select All reached out yesterday to get more information, but Sunny Co. Clothing has yet to respond to our request for comment. Meanwhile, BuzzFeed reports that some people have been charged full price — $64 for the suit, plus the cost of shipping and handling — an issue the company has yet to address. But, hey, at least we got some good memes out of the whole ordeal. And unless you’re following anybody from the cast of the new Baywatch, your Instagram feed should return to being a red-swimsuit-free zone soon enough.
While online activity had some effect on Donald Trump’s victory last November, the alt-right is finding it harder to spread its message in France, where far-right candidate Marine Le Pen will face off against Emmanuel Macron in a runoff election on Sunday. According to the New York Times, the online campaigns — targeted at France, but often organized and executed from the United States — are having significantly less effect on shaping the election.
It all goes to show that the alt-right’s strategy is not universally applicable, and demonstrates the limits of how easy it is to manipulate a country’s media and elections from outside its borders. That being said, this isn’t the first time people have underestimated the online horde.
The House of Representatives voted this afternoon on the American Health Care Act, a Republican bill designed to make health care worse and give hard-right conservatives the chance to claim they “repealed Obamacare.” (Some fun changes: Under Trumpcare — as it has currently been amended — rape, postpartum depression, Cesarean sections, and experience with domestic violence are all considered preexisting conditions. Having any of these conditions would mean an increase in patient premiums, which could price many people out of receiving care. Medicaid would also see significant cuts.) The vote was a close one, with several key representatives seemingly on the fence about their votes; one representative who was not, however, on the fence about his AHCA vote is John Faso, a congressman from the 19th district of New York. Faso tweeted earlier today that after “careful review,” he’d be voting yes.
Earlier today, the House of Representatives voted on the American Health Care Act. It gained enough votes to pass, meaning the legislation will now move on to a vote in the Senate. Under Trumpcare, Medicaid would see significant cuts, and thanks to a new amendment, Cesarean sections, rape, and postpartum depression are all considered preexisting conditions. Following the vote, several sources on the ground reported that House Democrats erupted into song. Yes, you read that right — Democrats. A chorus of Steam’s “Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye.”
“The Ratio,” on Twitter, is the balance of reply tweets to follower count (or, more complicatedly, the balance between followers, replies, likes, and retweets). If your tweet has a lot of likes, but not many retweets, it means that people agree, but are afraid to say so. If it has a lot of replies, but not many retweets or likes, that means lots of people disagree, and are yelling at you about it. More replies than followers, retweets, and likes is a pretty good indicator that ya done messed up. (Esquire described “The Ratio” as “how to know if you’ve sent a horrible tweet,” earlier this spring.)
While today’s vote might spur Democratic voter turnout in the midterm elections, 2018 is still a long ways away. Especially for the millions of Americans who stand to lose coverage if the Affordable Care Act is successfully repealed and replaced by the AHCA. Wonder what the Democratic Senators will sing if the legislation passes and Obamacare becomes a thing of the past. Perhaps a chorus of “Memories” from Cats.
Earlier today, the House of Representatives voted in favor of the American Health Care Act. Among the voters was Jason Chaffetz, a representative from Utah — the one who said people should stop buying new iPhones to pay for their health care — who had arrived in Washington riding a knee scooter following surgery on his right ankle. (Chaffetz’s ankle, as a reminder, would qualify as a preexisting condition under Trumpcare and enable his insurer to deny him care.) Wheels under his foot and a grin on his face, Chaffetz rolled up to cast his vote. And became an ironic meme in the process.
Now, just picture him scooting out of the vote serenaded by a chorus of Democrats singing “Na Na Na Na, Hey Hey-ey, Good-bye,” as a taunt regarding the 2018 midterm elections. Chaffetz, however, has said he won’t seek reelection.
On Monday night, Entertainment Tonight correspondent Carly Steel walked the red carpet at the Met Gala wearing a white dress by Christian Siriano and a bejeweled headpiece. At one point, spotting Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen kissing nearby on the red carpet, Steel made a funny face. Here’s a tweet about it from BuzzFeed’s Jarett Wieselman.
But for some reason, days later, we are still hearing about Steel’s allegedly meme-inspiring look. On Twitter, ET crowed about Steel’s “amazing crown that launched 1,000 memes.” And Time ran a short piece online profiling Steel, “Sparkly Woman’s Reaction to Tom Brady Kissing Gisele Bündchen at the Met Gala Stole the Show.” People would later syndicate this piece, proclaiming Steel “the Woman in a Glittery Crown Who Went Viral at the Met Gala.” Viral. VIRAL. Both pieces include the same tweet from Wieselman, which to date has 700 retweets and just shy of 2,500 faves. These numbers, friends, do not a viral meme make. However, in a beautiful twist, the aftermath of Steel’s faux virality has actually turned her into a viral meme. Almost 80,000 people have retweeted a call asking for people to share the tweet if they never saw a single Steel meme.
Having a second Instagram account can actually come in handy for a couple of reasons. It’s good for watching Instagram Stories of people (with public Instagram accounts) who you’d rather not give the satisfaction of knowing you’re watching their Instagram Stories. Likewise, it’s good for following people you don’t want clogging up your regular feed, like celebrities and politicians. Done right, this tactic might even help you stumble upon James Comey’s Instagram. And then there’s the Finstagram, a teen-engineered concept that has been floating around for several years now. Finstagrams — a portmanteau of fake and Instagram — are private accounts where users handpick a limited number of followers who can see their photos and videos. Unlike your basic Instagram — a.k.a. a “Rinsta,” shorthand for real Instagram — content shared on a Finsta tends to be less filtered, more potentially embarrassing, and overall more real. (Yes, the whole “Rinsta” versus “Finsta” name thing is backward. But, hey, we can’t expect teens to get everything right.)
Realistically, Instagram’s push to get you to create a second account probably has less to do with Kevin Systrom & Co. getting hip to the times, and more to do with user numbers. Earlier this spring, the company reported it has seen a doubling of users in the last two years, with the current number coming in at 700 million. Select All has reached out to Instagram to see if users with multiple accounts are counted as singular active users in this figure, or if each account counts as a single user. (We’ll update this post if we hear back.) If it’s the latter, pushing people to create Finstagrams will only help Instagram reach that coveted 1 billion figure that much sooner.
As president, Donald Trump now has two accounts (@POTUS and @realDONALDTRUMP) from which he might philosophize — and yet it seems that people are starting to care less and less. According to data analysis earlier this spring conducted by the Associated Press, engagement on Trump’s tweets has been trending downward since he took office in January.
With a few inflammatory exceptions — Trump’s March accusations that Obama had wiretapped him prior to the election — likes, retweets, and quote-tweets have all dropped by the thousands over the last 100 days. While a tweet from January 24 saw 4,000 retweets, tweets from the end of April were getting half that, AP reports. These numbers were culled using data from 495 tweets from Trump’s personal account only. Unsurprisingly, men were found to be more likely than women to retweet Trump, and tweets with terms like “Russia” or “fake news” prompt the most engagement. “About 96 percent of those who simply retweet the president’s words are right-leaning, according to the analysis, while about 54 percent of his replies come from left-leaning users,” AP also notes.
Donald Trump’s most retweeted tweet as president clocks in at 82,000 shares. For comparison, Barack Obama’s broke the 900,000 mark. Though we all remember what happened when people compared Trump’s inauguration crowd size to Obama’s much larger crowd.
Okay, now I need you to put on your anagram hat for a second. What word do the letters S, X, and E spell if you mix them up? Haha, that’s right: It spells sex (gross). So, in a sense, Tesla — an electric-car manufacturer meant to revolutionize transportation and help save the planet — is one big sex joke. Now, it’s “S3X,” which kinda works.
As an added bonus, stick around through the rest of the delightful performance to see saggy Pikachu’s triumphant (?) return.
The image has, sadly, since been changed back, but you can still see it in the page’s edit history. And while you’re walking down Wikipedia-memory lane, remember that time somebody else edited the page for “Invertebrates” to include Ryan, too? That was a good one.
Salt. Good old sodium chloride, baby. We need it to stay alive. A long time ago, it was very valuable. There was a pretty good book written about it. A guy went viral for sprinkling it while being handsome.
Enter Smalt, a Bluetooth-enabled saltshaker and “the first multi-sensory device to make dining experience fun [sic].” Like music? Smalt does. “From Jazz to Johnny Cash, stream your favorite music to set the tone of the party.”
Do you have any idea whether the murders Ross commissioned actually happened?Well, one of them was done by Carl Force of the DEA; that was a fake murder. After Ross was arrested, the FBI found out that the other murders were supposed to have taken place in Canada. They called the Mounties out there and started to investigate, but they never found any bodies. I asked one of the investigators, “Did any murders happen?” And they said, “I would never say it’s 100 percent chance they didn’t; I would say it’s 90 percent chance they didn’t.”
Do you think Ross’s sentencing to two life terms was just, or overly harsh?I get asked this question a lot, and I truly don’t know the answer. Let’s just say, hypothetically, that people actually had been killed, is the sentencing just then? Or just because someone wasn’t killed, does that mean that he shouldn’t suffer the consequences of the actions he did take? The prosecution presented this case that six people had overdosed, and they brought some of the families in — one of them who had the teenage kid in Perth who died — and you read that transcript or hear the parents talk, and it’s brutal. When you think about that, and there were hundreds of people who were arrested in connection with the Silk Road — when you think about all these lives ruined, then maybe it was just. But then the other argument is that he was just a kid who was naïve. One of the things the judge said, which I find really fascinating, especially when you think about drug laws in America and the number of African-Americans and Hispanics who are in jail today, was that the arguments Ross made in his defense — about how increased drug distribution could be morally better for society by reducing violence — were privileged arguments. Had anyone come in from the Bronx, they wouldn’t have been able to make that argument.
Ross’s various ex-girlfriends and ex-hookups make appearances in the book — what was their illustrative purpose?You have a guy that was running the biggest black-market website ever seen, and he was making decisions about whether they were going to sell guns or body parts, or whether he was going to commission a “hit” on someone. At the same time, he was going on dates with girls that he met on OKCupid. He was going camping. He was doing all these normal things. If I had been making these decisions, I would have probably been taking Xanax and drinking myself into a stupor every night to try to get through it. The story of Ross and the story of Dread Pirate Roberts and how they eventually morphed into one person is, for me, probably the most fascinating part of the whole thing.
I could try to explain this video to you. The rising and falling action. The dramatic twist ending. Its nuanced take on the human condition. The simple beauty of it. But honestly, at its core, this is just a video about some dumb trash. And you should watch it. Watch the trash video. You know you want to.
At first, Pepe was pleased with this development, or at least unbothered by it. After all, he wanted us all to feel good, man, and it seemed that his image was doing just that. But at some point, a decision was made in the far-off city of Shitpostia, where blizzards of unsettling ephemera perpetually obscure one’s sight. Sometime before late 2015, nameless members of that burg’s right wing determined that Pepe belonged to them. Some say it was because the Nazis among them associated him with a god named Kek; some say it was simply random selection. Whatever the motivation, these people began to put the gentle amphibian into images of unspeakable hatred and vicious denigration.
Friends, stoners, netizens, lend me your ears — for today, we mourn a misunderstood friend. Just a few days ago, Pepe the Frog shimmied off this mortal coil and hopped up to the big lily pad in the sky.
Other changes to the app include a magic eraser ( a Photoshop-esque tool that will let users remove unwanted objects from images) and the ability to draw with emoji. Instead of tracing lines in a single color, users can now draw lines of stars or hearts. The creative toolbar — the sticker, emoji, text, and coloring icons — is also moving from a horizontal line at the top of the screen to a vertical toolbar along the right-hand side of the screen. Snapchat is rolling out these new features globally today, so be sure to update your app if you want to start using them.
It’s not the best of times to be online, in New York City or anywhere. In Washington, the current administration is dismantling FCC privacy rules that would prevent internet-service providers from selling user data. Visitors, immigrants, and others may be asked by customs agents to surrender their social-media passwords at the border. And many of New York City’s poorest residents — who have the most to gain from a steady internet connection — remain unconnected.
But it doesn’t have to be this way. Imagine this: A group of recent immigrants gather around a table at a Brooklyn Public Library branch, learning online privacy and security basics from a trained librarian. Nearby, a low-income resident uses her library card to check out a device to bring free, fast Wi-Fi home to her family. One borough over, at City Hall, city government is enacting new rules that put New Yorkers, and not ISPs, in control of their personal data. This is the internet as it should be — a public resource, open and accessible to all — and it’s closer to reality than you might think.
Last week, New York City announced several new initiatives to keep residents connected and safe online. “My team and I are acutely aware of the threats to privacy and human rights that come with internet use,” wrote Miguel Gamiño Jr., New York City’s CTO. New York Public Library’s Library HotSpot program is already providing otherwise unconnected patrons with hot spots they can take home to study, pay their bills, and connect with family. The city’s librarians and other staff will now receive online privacy and security training, which will cover topics like password security and how personal data is transacted online.
The city has also partnered with Mozilla and Research Action Design (RAD) to create a digital security-training program for city-contracted, community-based organizations that serve vulnerable populations. For example: groups that provide immigration legal screenings and assistance to NYC residents. This training will allow these organizations to address evolving threats to digital security. We’re aiming to make the program scalable, so it can serve all New Yorkers.
And with FCC privacy regulations freshly dismantled, and net neutrality’s future up for a vote later this month, the city is undertaking a legal review intended to explore its authority to enact its own protections for residents online, as well as conducting a review of current city broadband projects with an eye toward human rights, inclusivity, and privacy. “The internet belongs to the people — not giant corporations. We won’t give up net neutrality without a fight,” the mayor’s office recently tweeted.
New York City has a long history of digital savvy, from its 2025 broadband commitment, to the outsize influence of Silicon Alley, to community-run programs like Mouse and Eyebeam. But last week’s news is something bigger: The City is recognizing — loudly — just how deeply the internet and society are entwined. New York City is saying: Sound digital policies are about more than the latest hardware, or JavaScript classes. They’re about upholding civil liberties, free expression, and an open society. This is something we all need to herald and applaud.
We’re buoyed by all this news. And New York City residents should be, too. By supporting a better internet, their government is also supporting a better city. We’ve seen it before: In Chattanooga, Tennessee, a municipal, city-owned fiber network has given residents internet access that outstrips average speeds by more than 200x. And a network of local entrepreneurs and educators have layered canny innovations atop this infrastructure, creating custom education and workforce development technologies.
This is heartening for New Yorkers and for Chattanoogans. But it also holds promise for cities everywhere: Municipal leaders can play an important role in making sure their citizens have a healthy and accessible internet. Last week was a good week for those across the five boroughs — and for the internet broadly.
Mark Surman is the executive director of Mozilla.
It’s unclear exactly how Carter’s year of free nuggs will be paid out by Wendy’s. And frankly, given the monthlong stream of free press the company got, they should probably just let him eat free for life.
Snapchat videos, unlike those on Vine or Instagram or YouTube, have always stood out for the fact that they feel more — to use a fraught word on the internet — authentic. Less edited, less staged, more I just whipped out my phone and now I’m sending you an eight-second selfie of my face with seven chins. It was fun. It was a little weird. And — despite filters that turned you into a hot puppy or a giant, anthropomorphic taco — sending and receiving snaps felt real, in a way that the more meticulously arranged and curated social networks never really do. (Or, at least, “real.”) But over the past few months, Snapchat has rolled out several new features that seem poised to change all this. As the app has gotten more user-friendly — several new ways to search the previously unsearchable app — it has also become easier for users to curate and modify the content they share.
Today, Snapchat released several other features that let users play with their content before sending and posting. There’s a looping-video tool that feels reminiscent of our dearly departed Vine. (Videos will play ad nauseam until the user either exits the individual snap or taps to the next upload in a Snap Story.) There’s also a magic-eraser tool. Like the app’s sticker tool, the magic eraser lets users crop out objects from their content. Except, unlike the sticker tool, the magic eraser will entirely remove the selected object and fill in the dead space where it used to be. (In theory. We’ll have to see how cleanly this actually works once users get their hands on the tool.) So if you’re standing on a milk crate holding a bunch of red helium balloons in your hand, you can now magically erase the crate out of the photo and it should look like you’re floating.
Earlier this spring, Snapchat quietly changed the way photos and videos previously taken in the app look when users re-post them. Let’s say you’re at a Chainsmokers concert — I’m so sorry — but cell service is spotty, so you can’t upload your snaps immediately. If you film clips of the concert on your phone’s camera and upload them to your Snapchat Story later, your videos would have a white border around them and a small header reading, “from Camera Roll.” For most of Snapchat’s existence, this was the only way you could snap videos you’d taken in the past, and it meant that videos not taken at that moment, directly for Snapchat, stood out in the app.
There’s a great, old (read: 2016) meme that involves poorly editing videos of baseball hits or basketball shots to make each one seem like a home run or a slam dunk: “Haters gonna say it’s fake.” The joke is, apologies in advance as I explain this meme to you, that the feats are indeed fake. Blatantly so. A clip of a 10-year-old girl aiming and shooting at a driveway hoop spliced with a buzzer shot of a March Madness final kind of fake. The videos are funny because you know they’re bogus. Snapchat content was always the opposite of the that; you knew what you were watching hadn’t been — with a few, very obvious, rainbow-vomit-covered exceptions — heavily modified. Few tools for editing and uploading meant Snapchatters were limited to whatever was in front of them at that exact moment. Or behind, if you went the front-facing-camera route. Sure, there were postproduction options — like doodling or emoji or geofilters — but for the most part, it was a lot of organic video clips and intentionally unflattering selfies. And that was good. Now, Snapchat feels dangerously close to becoming a platform full of overedited — think Vine stars backflipping over lanes of moving traffic to “rescue” cats — content. Content haters are gonna say is fake. And the haters will probably be right.
Following a week’s worth of leaked details, this morning Amazon announced the Echo Show — the latest voice-activated home device in its Echo family. As with every other device enabled with Amazon’s voice assistant Alexa, you can use the Show to play music, answer questions, and control your smart-home devices. But this one is more than just a speaker: As the name implies, the Show has a touchscreen for displaying the time, the weather, visual information, and even video chat.
Now, if you film the clips via the Snapchat app, save them as Memories, and then upload them to your story, the border vanishes and the small header reads, “from Memories.” It’s a brilliant strategy on Snapchat’s end because the white border is an aesthetic pain. Users get a cleaner-looking story and Snapchat gets people spending more time engaging with the platform. But it also means, for the cursory viewer, that it’s a lot easier to tap through stories and not realize you’re watching old, re-upped content. Snapchatters can more strategically string their stories together and, chances are, many people watching won’t notice the difference.
Robert Fisher, a Republican legislator from New Hampshire, has recently come under fire after the Daily Beast revealed Fisher appears to be the founder and moderator of Reddit’s infamous /r/TheRedPill. The subreddit is a hotbed for men’s-rights discussions, pickup artists, and generally all things not great for women. Fisher initially denied involvement after he was found to be linked to the sub’s founder’s Reddit handle, but later admitted to founding the sub. (He denies reports he still moderates it.)
Today in who could have possibly seen this coming news, a recently released Slack integration from dating app Feeld has been officially given the boot by the chat platform. The integration, announced at the end of April, worked by prompting people to input the name of their office crushes. If it was mutual, the bot would notify both parties and then, well, you know! Feeld founder Dimo Trifonov told The Atlantic that he received an email this week from Slack informing him the app had been rejected from Slack’s app directory, “[Slack] will remove Apps that we consider to be inappropriate for use in the workplace or that negatively impact the user experience on Slack.”
Trifonov says he was given no other information about why Feeld was not approved, and feels Slack’s decision was unjustified. “I work with my partner and from time to time we hug, kiss, and cuddle in working hours, and we thought that in 99.99 percent of companies such behavior is simply impossible,” Trifonov said. “At the same time it felt so recharging, and actually impacted our productivity in a positive way. We felt so sad that people cannot see the workplace the same way we do.” The Slack app is still available directly via the Feeld website, but that seems like a lot of work to download something that, admittedly, seems like an HR minefield. (Feeld’s Slack integration launched with guidelines — including, “Be nice/don’t be a D,” “Work is work,” and “Discrimination sucks (and is illegal).” Which are all good mantras, but probably won’t do you much good if your boss starts asking questions.) Still, if you use Slack to communicate with friends, it could be fun. Or a good way to ruin your friendships.
Now, in our darkest hour, he has returned to shred again. SunStroke Project and the Sax Guy himself (IRL: Sergey Stepanov) performed again today at Eurovision 2017. Gone are the cutoff sleeves and pelvic thrusting, replaced by a fancy tuxedo.
The product of a simpler time and a smaller memescape, Epic Sax Guy became very popular on the internet because he played a funky horn very enthusiastically. He wasn’t a meme that explained fascism, or spoke to our cultural anxieties, or whatever. He just put his head down and did the damn job, which was grooving like his life depended on it.
Here’s the original performance.
The song the group is performing is “Hey Mamma.” Welcome back, Sax Guy. Thank you.
Remember the great 2016 caper of Britney Spears and the lifted Instagram picture of grilled corn? Well, this is just like that — except Spears is rapper and actor Shad Moss, a.k.a. Bow Wow, and the corn is a private jet. Earlier this week, Bow Wow Instagrammed a picture of a plane sitting on the tarmac. He said he was on his way from DeKalb–Peachtree Airport in Georgia to New York to do press for Growing Up Hip Hop. All seemed in order.
Except, that wasn’t Bow Wow’s plane. Instead, it appears he took the photo — probably by searching for images of private planes on tarmacs — from the website for a limo-and-van service in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. But points to the artist formerly known as Lil’ Bow Wow for at least adding a filter to make the photo seem like his own. (Not quite sure where a former child star stealing and reediting a plane photo falls under fair-use laws.) To make matters worse — or better, if you love drama — Bow Wow was then allegedly spotted on a commercial flight by someone who had seen his Instagram.
Bow Wow has not weighed in on the issue — or the growing number of people calling him out for the potential fraud — on Instagram or Twitter. His hustle, however, appears to remain intact.
Yesterday, the Daily Beast published a follow-up piece alleging Fisher continues to post on /r/TheRedPill under a new handle, /u/redpillschool. “I am not disappearing,” Fisher told a local news outlet. “I will continue to stand strong for men’s rights and the rights of all.”
Apple is getting into bed with Beddit, a Finnish sleep-tracking company founded in 2007. The company makes devices that, once strapped across your mattress, work with iOS phones and Apple Watches, and monitor sleep quality — including heart rate, snoring, and breathing. Terms of the Beddit acquisition have not been made public, according to CNBC.
Beddit products have been on sale in Apple stores since 2015. The company’s latest product, the Beddit 3 Sleep Monitor, retails for $149. Now, as per an updated privacy policy on Beddit’s website, “personal data will be collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the Apple Privacy Policy.” (Heads up, Tim Cook. I snore.) Health data will also be given to Apple, according to the new policy. The move makes sense for Apple, given that the company has been reportedly trying to get into the sleep market for some time now. Putting Beddit under its corporate umbrella means Apple doesn’t have to spend the time developing its own tracking products from scratch. After news of the acquisition broke, Beddit reportedly removed links on its website that previously directed to Beddit’s Apple Watch apps.
Act I:
Act II:
Please clap for this young man, his horse, and his very good tweets.
Microsoft has put a lot of work into Cortana, its natural-language personal assistant, but Cortana had a problem — you could only really use it if you were sitting at a Windows computer. (Of course, you could also access Cortana when using a Windows phone, but judging from sales numbers, that was about as statistically likely as being struck by lighting right after winning the Powerball.)
The Amazon Echo has built up a huge lead in the market — a recent eMarketer report estimates that the Echo has about 70 percent of market share for smart-home speakers. But that doesn’t mean it wins in the end. “Though Amazon is the leader in this market right now, I think it still remains to be seen which one of these devices wins consumers over,” says eMarketer principal analyst Victoria Petrock. “We could begin to see these speakers start to specialize in doing one thing really well. For example, maybe Microsoft will emerge as the speaker with the best quality of sound, and will be favored by audiophiles. Maybe Amazon will emerge as the best speaker for shopping. I think right now it’s too early to tell — but it’s going to be interesting to watch how these different players work to try to differentiate themselves.”
There was no word about how much the Invoke will cost, though it’d be surprising for Microsoft to try to enter the market above the $180 price of the Echo. And no firm release date, either — it’ll just be coming at some point in the fall. With Apple reportedly entering the market this fall, we’re about to see at least four enormous companies in the game. That said, Microsoft (and Apple) will face some strong headwinds.
Of course, you need to be in the Microsoft ecosystem for this to really work — and demos onstage are always more impressive and more seamless than what the Invoke will be like in your actual home. But with 500 million people using Windows 10, and Windows still owning the lion’s share of the desktop OS space, the Invoke speaker represents an interesting play. This will be the first home smart speaker that has the weight of a company that runs a full desktop OS, which offers real opportunities that Amazon and Google can’t match.
But Cortana is leaving the computer and phone, with Redmond teaming up with high-end audio company Harman Kardon to bring the Invoke smart-home speaker. At the Microsoft Build conference today, Microsoft demoed just how it imagines the Invoke will be used: showing a home speaker that was able to send emails, schedule meetings, estimate commute time, and even set up a video call. That’s the value proposition of the Invoke: The Cortana smart speaker will deeply integrate with the rest of Microsoft’s products. So that means it can hook into other programs like Outlook, Teams (i.e., Microsoft’s version of Slack), Skype, and more. It’s that Skype integration that could really put some daylight between the Invoke and other smart-home speakers — neither the Amazon Echo nor the Google Home currently allows you to place voice calls. It helps that it looks nice, too — its design has a gentle taper that strikes a nice balance between the stark cylinder of the Echo and the goofy affability of the Google Home.
Amid a world of turmoil, Select All is proud to present a very short story with a happy ending. Back in December, a man on Twitter posed, dressed in cowboy garb, in front of Whataburger, and claimed he was going to buy himself a horse when he received his tax return. Which he appears to have done. Now, without further ado, sit back and enjoy the show.
In other words, it’s not that the Echo is unbeatable, or that Amazon has already won the battle of being the smart-home hub of the future (which is really what all these smart speakers are fighting over). It’s just that Microsoft — or any new entrant into the market — has to provide a very compelling reason why it’s a better choice than what’s already out there.
Richard Nixon has been dead for several decades, but that didn’t stop whoever runs the Twitter account over at the former president’s library from throwing some shade on his behalf. Following the White House announcement that Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey, the account tweeted a “FUN FACT” about Nixon, directed, pretty pointedly, at Trump. Despite Nixon’s scandal-ridden presidency, he never did what Trump just did. (Read: Fire the top government official responsible for investigating Trump’s possible collusion with Russia during the election.)
Watch out dictionary twitter, you’ve got some competition in the internet-burn department.
But Oliver is not the only one hoping to mobilize a force. Anti-net-neutrality supporters of unknown origin are also flooding the site. According to ZDnet, more than 128,000 identical comments have already been left on the site, all echoing the sentiment that, “The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation.”
More curiously, the names attached to each of the comments appear to be fake. Or rather, they belong to real people who did not actually leave said remarks. Commenters contacted by ZDnet and the Verge denied involvement, some not even being familiar with the concept of net neutrality. According to the Verge, the comments can be traced back to the Center for Individual Freedom, which put out a press release today featuring language similar to the comments.
Still, that doesn’t quite explain how people with no familiarity with net neutrality are leaving comments. That can be attributed to the FCC’s Electronic Comment Filing System. The ECFS has a public API that allows anyone with coding know-how to automate comment submission. In theory, this is so that efforts like John Oliver’s or the CFIC’s can create easy ways for people to express their opinion to the FCC. It also, however, allows more dishonest people to fully automate the process. It wouldn’t be too hard to hack together a script that swaps out the identifying information of commenters and pumps out hundreds of thousands of comments. That’s likely what’s going on here — someone with a database of names and addresses is slapping those on a boilerplate letter and passing it on to the government.
Assuming that all of these comments are coming from the same source, all the FCC needs to do is revoke the unknown coder’s API key — the unique string of letters and numbers that allows it to access the FCC’s system. At the same time, FCC leadership has signaled that it really doesn’t give a shit about public opinion at all, and intend to roll the Title II order back regardless, making this whole thing an exercise in futility.
As Ajit Pai burrows deeper into the pocket of the telecom industry by working to repeal net-neutrality protections, the FCC is pretending to care about public opinion by opening itself up to public comment on the matter. After technically opening up comments last week, but burying the net-neutrality measure to comment on deep within the FCC’s website, television host John Oliver launched gofccyourself.com, a simple URL redirect that made it easy for people to leave feedback with the commission. Shortly thereafter, the FCC’s website crashed, although it denied that net-neutrality commenting was the cause.
If you’re flying from Europe to the United States in the near future and were planning to use your laptop during the flight, you might have the rethink your plans. Laptops are no longer going to be allowed in plane cabins, according to a report today from the Daily Beast, which cites unnamed European security officials. The decision is expected to be announced on Thursday, the Daily Beast also reports.
If it goes through, the ban would be an extension of an existing laptop ban imposed by the Department of Homeland Security earlier this year. The devices were banned on flights originating from ten airports, including airports in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey. It was imposed following concerns that bombs could be built into the devices and then brought aboard flights. (The United Kingdom followed suit with a similar ban.)
From DHS via the Daily Beast, regarding the alleged ban extension:
If the ban is enacted, airlines will have another issue to consider. How to keep all those lithium-ion batteries, which will now be chilling in cargo holds, from exploding and causing potentially deadly fires.
Today’s news from Wall Street — its first-ever earnings report as a publicly traded company — was not great for Snapchat and its fearless leader Evan Spiegel. User growth on the app seems to have slowed markedly: During the first quarter — so, that’s the first three months of 2017 — Snapchat reports 8 million new daily users, making for a 36 percent year-on-year growth compared to Q1 2016. Which is good, sure, but means the company has only picked up 8 million users since going public, an event which, if you’re Evan Spiegel, should have meant a significantly larger bump.
Snap’s revenue also fell short of industry expectations, reporting a Q1 revenue of $149.65 million, nearly $10 million off the expected $157.98 million. As for the company’s stock, which was expected to drop $1.92 per share, shares fell $2.31. The company’s net loss for the quarter came in at $2.2 billion.
Follow the less-than-stellar report, Spiegel hopped on the call with investors, noting Snap users are now sending 3 billion snaps per day, an increase of half a billion from last quarter. When asked if Facebook — a company which has cannibalized much of Snapchat’s ephemeral platform to great success in recent months — scares him, Spiegel was quick to rebuke the question. “Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn’t mean they’re Google,” he said. A great line, and kudos to whoever workshopped that zinger, but only time will tell if it’s actually true. Snap stock closed at $22 today but dropped by 20 percent on the NASDAQ after hours.
If you’re Snapchat, today’s report looks … fine, if less fine than one might have hoped. The company certainly isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. But if you’re an investor hoping for big returns, or a sign of short-term gains, today’s news should signal that you’re not going to be getting what you wanted.
I have to be honest: When I was shown a demo of Lighthouse, a smart-home camera that uses computer vision and machine learning to keep tabs on what happens in your home, I felt mildly uneasy. Jessica Gilmartin, Lighthouse’s general manager and CMO, was showing me a live video feed of her front door, on her phone. She then asked a quick question: “When did my kids leave this morning?” and Lighthouse quickly showed the video and time. “Did my dog get on the couch?” Boom, the video was playing. It was very impressive. It also felt a little Black Mirror–ish.
Lighthouse is the brainchild of Alex Teichman and Hendrik Dahlkamp, who had previously spent years working on computer perception. (They were part of the Stanford University team that built Stanley, the first self-driving car to complete the DARPA challenge, back in 2005, and were instrumental in developing the tech that eventually became Google Street View.) Their years working on computer vision show — Lighthouse comes equipped with a camera and a 3-D sensor that allow it to pull off some truly impressive tricks. It can recognize each member of your family, differentiate among pets, children, and humans, and can respond to questions asked in natural language. In effect, any room with a Lighthouse running in it is a place where you’ll always know exactly what’s going on.
Lighthouse works on a subscription model, with a single Lighthouse unit running $399 for a year of Lighthouse Intelligence, $499 for three years of Lighthouse Intelligence, and $599 for five years of Lighthouse Intelligence. (If you run out of the prepaid plan, the service costs $10 a month.) If you buy a three-pack of Lighthouse cameras so you can cover multiple rooms, they’ll knock $100 off the purchase price. It is available for preorder now and ships in September.
Which is great! But there’s still a part of me that thinks putting in a Lighthouse unit would be a bit like me invading my own family’s privacy. There’s something about installing an AI-enhanced panopticon in my home that makes me feel … unsettled. Maybe it’s just “future shock.” Maybe I haven’t fully digested the idea that privacy, for all intents and purposes, is dead. Maybe it’s just that I don’t have kids or pets, and really don’t care what time my wife leaves the house or gets home each evening (sorry dear, but it’s true).
When I started pressing on privacy concerns, Teichman was quick to answer (selling a product that provides a live video feed of your own home probably means he gets to answer this question a lot). Lighthouse uses AES-256 encryption, generally accepted as uncrackable (and much better than your typical IoT device). Your video is stored on Lighthouse servers, but only Lighthouse customers can view their video — Lighthouse employees and partner companies can’t. (There is an option to opt in to help train Lighthouse’s AI even further, if you’re in the mood to help a computer get smarter, I guess.)
The benefits for busy parents are obvious. The peace of mind of knowing that your kids are home from school on time would calm plenty of frayed nerves. “Lighthouse shows you three things,” says CEO Teichman during the demo. “What’s happened, what’s happening, and what’s happening that shouldn’t be happening.” So if there’s suddenly a person in your home that Lighthouse’s AI doesn’t recognize, it’ll ping your phone. If it’s someone who shouldn’t be there, you can sound a siren on Lighthouse and call the police. You can even scrub through a full day, seeing as the people (and animals) in your family enter and leave a room.
But Teichman did outline something Lighthouse could evolve into that maybe would get me over my heebie-jeebies. One of the more helpful things phone assistants have done over the past four or five years isn’t gaining voice recognition — it’s the small ways my phone anticipates what I’ll need. It’s how my phone knows I’ll be showing my bus pass around 6:40 every day, or that the subway line I regularly take is on the fritz, or that if I open up my phone at 11 p.m. I’m probably either opening up Twitter or my Kindle app. Smart homes have a lot of promise, but they also require a lot of work; you need to program them to do all those neato lighting tricks and keep the thermostat right in everyone’s comfort zone. Something like Lighthouse that could accurately know who is in my house and where they are — and automatically adjust things accordingly — could one day be extremely useful. For right now? It’s a very cool piece of tech; I just wonder how many people want an AI camera watching over their family.
For most people, Uber exists as one single thing, an app that lets users summon a car to their door in minutes. But behind that is a giant company that — despite its aim to change transportation as we know it — flew by the seat of its pants for most of its early years. In Wild Ride, out later this month, Adam Lashinsky recounts how Travis Kalanick went from reluctant adviser to the CEO of a company worth more than $60 billion, flouting regulations, ignoring public criticism, and charming investors along the way.
What made you want to focus on Uber? Rather than any other Silicon Valley company?Well, my last book was on Apple. And I wrote that five and a half years ago, and when I did that, I had a conviction it was the most important company, certainly in Silicon Valley, and arguably, in the world. And that wasn’t a terribly controversial assertion. That worked out well for me. I enjoyed that. I got going on this book, actually, something like, four years ago. So Uber was a lot smaller, but it was already this global phenomenon, and I was intrigued by how quickly it became a thing. I sensed it was going to be a big story, and I thought all the elements were in place for a fascinating story. And then when I got going in earnest about a year and a half ago, it obviously had gotten much, much bigger. I had no idea just how complicated and controversial and headline-grabbing it would become, but here we are today.
I guess the big question that I still can’t quite figure out is if Uber’s business is sustainable, given that a lot of money goes into subsidizing car rides and things like that. Yet, they are still able to attract so much investment. I was wondering why that was. I don’t know the answer either. Their thesis is that in a given market, where they have a large market share and a loyal customer base, they can make money. Period. Full stop. So then the question becomes, can they do that in all their markets, or can they do it in a preponderance of their markets, and can the profit that they make in those markets sustain the investments that they’re making in other things, including self-driving cars, which is hugely expensive? So, I don’t know the answer. I know that that’s what they believe. Interestingly, I think that’s what the new investors in Lyft believe, also. They believe that when the market comes down, in other words — and now we’re just talking about the United States — when both companies stop their subsidy war, they can both make money. I think that’s at least plausible.
It’s interesting that you bring up customer loyalty, if only because this past year has not been a great year for Uber-customer loyalty. In terms of Uber’s PR problems, has the past few months, starting with the #DeleteUber campaign, been particularly bad or just another thing that they ride out?Again, I think you’re asking the existential question, and right now all we have is anecdotal evidence. We have some evidence that it works, some hundreds of thousands of deletions around the #DeleteUber campaign in late January, after the whole JFK debacle, followed quickly by the Trump council debacle. And certainly, in certain bars and coffeehouses in San Francisco and New York, you would think that Uber was going to go out of business tomorrow. And I don’t mean to minimize that, that negative public perception is real. So then the question becomes, what does the rest of the world think? And I don’t have any data, and if they have data, they’re not releasing it. I have a hunch that there also was a contingent of people, half a step back — there certainly is a contingent of people who have no idea what Uber is, or who only have this vague idea of what Uber is. And we who live in big cities tend to forget that. That’s No. 1. No. 2, I think there’s a contingent of people who aren’t interested in all of this. They’re interested in the cheapest and quickest rides, so, again, I’m not minimizing the public perception they’ve taken. I just think there’s evidence they can overcome if they don’t completely screw it up.
And there’s also been talk about Uber’s corporate culture and how demanding it is. And how problematic it is. I was wondering what you had uncovered over the course of writing this book and what your impression of that was.Yeah, the corporate culture of Uber comes down to one person and that’s Travis Kalanick. He drives the culture of the company. And you know, in short, everything you hear about him is true. He is the thing that people say about him and so it’s cliché, but I think he’s the company’s biggest asset and its biggest liability. So, the question becomes: Can he grow enough to lead a big, modern, global company? And the jury’s out on that. At the same time, most people believe they wouldn’t have gotten to be where they are without him. So, he’s no fool. What I write in my book is that he’s a complicated guy and he’s not; he’s not completely self-unaware. But he has some eccentricities and some blind spots, and he believes what he believes. The big catch for Uber, and you and I are talking on May 10 — the big catch for Uber, I think, is who they can attract to be this No. 2 to Travis Kalanick. A lot rests on the shoulders of that person and that hire.
I think, in reading about Uber, one of the interesting things about Kalanick is the vocabulary people use to describe him. He’s often referred to as ‘young’ or ‘stubborn’ or ‘misguided’ in some of his actions. Which is interesting because he’s not really inexperienced or young. And I was wondering why people see him that way, or why you might think that he is that sort of person? Yeah, so it’s an interesting question. True, he is not young. He is 40 years old. The first company [Kalanick helped to start] was this proverbial college-dorm-room start-up that never went anywhere. It was interesting; it had a moment; but it never amounted to anything. The second one basically wasn’t a company for a very long time, and then he was able to pull a rabbit out of the hat and sell it for what Silicon Valley people would call a relatively modest amount of money. And my only point in saying that is, it’s not like he spent seven years at Goldman Sachs or eight years at Procter & Gamble. None of this excuses anything, but I think explains that, No. 1, he’s not young, but he sort of has this 20-something-year-old mind-set. He’s single, and he’s out there on his own, and he’s always hustling and all that. And then in terms of experience, this is his first time doing something this big. Despite his fame and despite the size that Uber has, the previous two companies he was in never did anything close to this. So, I only point that out for the — because you could say, “Well, Zuckerberg didn’t either.” Absolutely right, Zuckerberg never saw anything. So, that’s the contrast between the two of them.
This book is coming out at an interesting time, given the lawsuit between Uber and Waymo. Is there anything you gleaned from writing this book that didn’t make it in, or seems interesting in retrospect?You know, when I wrote, I had this scene at the end of my book where I take this long walk around San Francisco with Kalanick — and this is one of the ways he unwinds and relaxes, taking these long walks around the Embarcadero and the Waterfront in San Francisco — and he told me on this walk that there’s one person he’d been doing this with regularly, but he couldn’t tell me who. This is before the Otto purchase, the purchase of Anthony Levandowski’s company. Turns out, Anthony Levandowski was the other person he took these long walks with. Depending on where this trial goes, I think Waymo’s lawyers are gonna wanna know what they talked about on these long walks. I certainly didn’t know that was happening.
When you read about what Waymo was alleging Kalanick and Levandowski tried to do, does that read as surprising to you?When I read Waymo’s allegations of what they did do, if you read my book, this is a guy, and this is a company, that pushes the envelope constantly and has even — people close to him have described him as shifty or sneaky. So, no. After spending a year and a half looking at this company, nothing surprises me.
What was the most surprising thing that you learned in writing it? Even if nothing surprises you. Toward the very end, Travis Kalanick and I had a bizarre conversation, where he asked me if I think he’s an asshole, and I do what a good journalist would do: I sort of bobbed and weaved and suggested, first of all, it’s not for me to say, and I don’t think that’s a matter of fact. He believes that you can prove these things one way or the other, and I challenged him on that. And then he told me he doesn’t think so, and he’s clearly bothered by this. And I found that surprising and fascinating. You have this image of someone, like him or Steve Jobs or Jeff Bezos, not caring what people think; he does.
I’m curious about your time spent driving as an Uber driver, and what that was like. I think you sort of get right up to it without outright saying that driving for Uber is unsustainable as a full-time job. Is that your take on it?I don’t want to necessarily say that because I don’t want to be in a position of judging what’s enough for somebody. I’ve talked to enough drivers who appreciate the flexibility for them of the opportunity. That said, it didn’t take me long to find out that I liked my job better than being an Uber driver. And that I didn’t particularly like it as a way of making a living. I thought it would be fun, you know, to drive all over the place and meet people, and I didn’t find it to be that much fun.
What I thought was unique about it — I mean, there are a bunch of superlatives associated with it — it is, or was, the world’s most valuable private company, the most valuable start-up. But just the way that it got going, the technological way, I found fascinating — and also, it was a nice continuation from my last book because without the iPhone and without the App Store, there would’ve been no Uber. And their recognition of that is what made the company what it was, or what it would’ve become. And then the second thing being that, you know, once upon a time, a company couldn’t just start in San Francisco and become global in three years. And that’s also completely attributable to the iPhone and the App Store. That infrastructure around the world is what enabled Uber to go global so quickly. It would have been unheard of even 15 years ago.
What was the sort of typical Uber customer, or did it vary?Yeah, I usually had two types, like, people in their young 20s going around, or business people coming from the airport or going to the airport. I did not drive on a Saturday night or a Thursday night in downtown San Francisco, which is when a lot of people try to make their money, but it’s also the time that you’re most likely to get drunks in your car, and I didn’t do that.
What sort of obstacles do you see in Uber’s future, aside from lawsuits? Is Lyft still a big problem for them? Is some unseen innovation going to upend them?Short term, they’ve solved a lot of their regulatory problems in a lot of places, but they’ll continue to have some regulatory issues as time goes on. And, yes, Lyft is a concern in the United States, and Didi is a concern in other places besides China. You know, as you pointed out at the beginning, their own business model is one of their concerns. At some point, they’re going to have to start making money. And then there’s the sort of longer term, and it’s not just a long-term thing, but these further-out challenges; if they don’t learn self-driving cars, something could happen where they just flip the script and they’re not the dominant player anymore. But that’s not something that’s going to happen immediately.
Do you have any insight into how far from viability self-driving cars are for them?They are considered one of the leaders right now, but there’s a lot of people investing a ton of money and, you know, the saying around self-driving cars right now is that the technology is there, but the consumer acceptance and the regulatory acceptance are complete unknowns. Everyone believes that electric cars are superior to gas combustion-engine cars, but we’ve got decades of capital and investments in the internal combustion engine, and that’s not going away overnight, no matter how good electric cars are, and the same is true for self-driving.
Uber is an interesting company that I have always had a weird relationship with. Because I didn’t want to become reliant on them, in a way that a lot of people seem to have, and I assume those holdouts are going to die out sooner rather than later.I don’t know. In the U.S., for example, it depends on how well Lyft is funded, or if their business can take hold. Juno put up this fight in New York, and then Gett bought them, and it’s been a time of easy money, so we’ll see over economic cycles. It’s funny, I haven’t heard many people like you say, “Well, most people will probably just give in and start using Uber.” In San Francisco, certainly you often hear people say, “I’ll never, ever, ever take Uber.” We’ll see. It’s a long time.
Remember Pokémon Go? Of course you don’t; the game’s popularity exploded immediately following its launch in 2016, but quickly declined. Around that time — August 2016 — a 22-year-old from Yekaterinburg, Russia, filmed himself playing the game in a church. Ruslan Sokolovsky posted the video to YouTube, where it has since racked up nearly 2 million views. Sokolovsky was inspired to film the stunt after the Russian government announced that people could potentially be punished for playing the game in religious sanctuaries, including fines and up to three years in prison. Which seems a little harsh — but, hey, it’s Russia. The blogger called the rules “total bullshit” in the beginning of his video.
“Total bullshit” or not, nearly a year later, Sokolovsky received a suspended sentence of three and a half years for “offending religious sensibilities,” Engadget reports. His sentence could reportedly be stretched to as many as five years, despite lobbying attempts by Amnesty International to free him. No word on whether or not he’ll be allowed to catch pocket monsters in prison.
Well, he’s done it again. Bill Wurtz, the video artist best known for his singsongy Vines (RIP) and neon, deadpan aesthetic has produced another historical primer. Last year, he took on the history of Japan, which quickly became a sensation on social media, mostly Tumblr. And this year, he decided, rather than take on another country, to jump right to the history of the entire world.
Here it is, Bill Wurtz’s “history of the entire world, i guess.” If you’ve got 20 minutes to spare, just click play and let it wash over you like a cool, informative summer breeze.
Tumblr is already having a lot of fun with it.
Chinese TV manufacturer TCL has big dreams for the North American market — it wants to go toe to toe with major players like Samsung and LG. So this year, it’ll be rolling out three models for the general public. And the one you should pay attention to is the P Series. (The P stands for picture, which, sure.) And that’s because TCL is going to be selling one extremely high-performance set for just $600.
And it’s the HDR that makes a difference. The arrival of HDR TVs marks the first time since consumer televisions switched from standard to high-definition that I’ve been able to see a real, objective difference in picture quality — even including super-high-resolution 4K screens. Dolby Vision ups the ante — it’s able to handle the standard HDR10 format, but for shows and movies that support it, Dolby Vision embeds metadata about each particular scene, and adjusts your TV’s settings on the fly for an even richer picture. Colors just pop more, and it’s hard to go back to a set where you suddenly start noticing that every nighttime scene isn’t really black, but just kinda gray.
I got a chance to sit down and spend some time with a P Series set recently — and, man, this TV looks nice. The picture quality is stunning compared to past TCL sets, and frankly, looks just about as good as what a lot of bigger names are offering up. It’s a 4K, which is pretty much par for the course these days, but it also supports the Dolby Vision HDR standard. HDR stands for high dynamic range, which allows for a display to show colors with a lot more contrast than was previously possible — you can watch nighttime scenes and still have bright streetlights that pop without crushing the blacks into a blur of nothing.
There’s also some behind-the-scenes wonkery going on — the TV itself has 72 distinct “contrast zones” that allow for one corner of the screen to become very, very dark, while another corner gets very, very bright. TCL’s partnership with Roku also comes in handy — Roku has an exclusive channel set aside just for 4K streaming content that supports Dolby Vision HDR, for when you want to show off to a guest. And if you’ve happened to lay out cash for a PlayStation Pro or Xbox One S that also supports HDR, the TV will take full advantage. The bottom line is, this is the best picture I’ve seen on a TV that’ll be available for under $1,000.
Don’t get me wrong: I have no doubt that if you put the TCL up against Samsung’s or LG’s latest and greatest TVs, TCL wouldn’t be able to compete. But those TVs will probably cost at least twice as much as what TCL is offering. Right now, TCL is attempting to make a name for itself in North America, and part of that strategy, apparently, is aggressively pricing TVs at what I have to imagine are extremely thin margins. It’s all part of TCL’s larger strategy to make itself into a known brand name in America — it’s also why Grauman’s Chinese Theatre in L.A. is now technically the TCL Chinese Theatre (though, don’t worry, you can still have a drunk Charlie Chaplin impersonator aggressively try to take a picture with you).
The biggest endorsement I can give it? My LG TV from 2013 is currently dying — the power supply is on the fritz, meaning that sometimes the TV will turn off right in the middle of a particularly harrowing scene of The Handmaid’s Tale. When the 55-inch, $600 P Series becomes available for preorder on Amazon on May 28, I’ll be one of the first to place my order.
TCL’s bid for fame in North America is your gain. If you’ve been thinking of upgrading your TV set, I recommend that you also take advantage.
Microsoft’s Build conference had a major theme when you walked the show floor: the HoloLens, or what Redmond is calling its “Windows Mixed Reality” platform. There were long lines on the try-out demos that did things like use a HoloLens to flip through holographic hood options on a real-world semi-truck, to see how it changed its aerodynamic profile, or take a holographic tour of a massive new commercial development going up in Warsaw, Poland. It was an impressive look at what augmented reality can do.
It seems like this is the year where I’m starting to hear a lot more talk about AR. Obviously, Facebook made that front and center at its own conference. Microsoft has been working in this space for five years now. How has the perception changed on augmented reality?It’s funny, I don’t know if it’s Casey Stengel or Yogi Berra who gets credited with it, but the line is, “Prediction is hard, especially about the future.” We’ve been investing significantly, obviously, for a long time. But it was because we had a core belief in the evolution in how humans interact with digital information. It comes at a fundamental level to our mission statement, to the bold ambition that Satya organized the company around. The Windows and Devices group is chartered with creating more personal computing. To me, the time is right. This year is a watershed moment. Of course, we’ve the hypo-o-meter go into the red zone, and then maybe back off a little bit.
And you’re seeing the continuation of that, first with HoloLens and then the Acer head-mounted VR displays, to what we’ve shown — where even if you don’t have a headset, creation and consumption of three-dimensional content is something that we’re gonna enable on your phone, on your PC, on your tablet. The notion that mixed reality, broadly, is a core part of Windows is starting to become more and more evident. It wasn’t a shift in strategy; it was the plan all along.
There’s a lot of HoloLens out there on the floor today. Has HoloLens become a platform for Microsoft?Windows Mixed Reality is the platform for us; HoloLens is just the first place it showed up. We made an announcement a year ago, where we invited the PC-and-device ecosystem to build headsets and PCs capable of mixed reality. We said, “Hey, everyone, the software that lights up HoloLens is really just Windows — and we want you to make your own devices that participate in this ecosystem.” It’s funny, I’ve been asked a few times, “When did you guys change your strategy from just first-person stand-alone devices [like the HoloLens]?” And my answer is, this was always part of the plan — to have Windows be a platform that enables people to interact with digital information in three dimensions.
What’s more, the new VR headsets will use what’s known as “inside-out” tech to help track head movement. The big advantage of inside-out is that it tracks head movement using the headset itself — not sensors placed in the room. The Oculus Rift or PSVR uses tracking stations to keep up with where your head it at, and the HTC Vive, while technically using inside-out, requires you to put “lighthouse” stations high up in the room that you’ll be using VR in. Microsoft is promising inside-out tech that allows for “world-scale” VR — meaning you can walk around easily anywhere you can plug into a laptop, no pre-built sensors required. It also allows for six degrees of free movement, avoiding the “head on a stick” feeling you can get with mobile-phone VR headsets like the Samsung Gear VR or Google Daydream.
But the big news out of the conference wasn’t about HoloLens at all: It was about Microsoft making an interesting end run into the pure virtual-reality market — or what Microsoft calls “occluded reality.” Working with Acer, Microsoft will have a VR headset with motion controls available for $399 this holiday season. (For those paying attention, that’s $100 less than the current cheapest model on the market, the PSVR, and a ton cheaper than the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive). And the specs required are low-end enough that there’s a fair number of PC users out there who should be able to run it. Perhaps most appealing to developers, an app that works on a cheaper VR headset also works on a HoloLens.
It’s called virtual reality and the year was 2016.Exactly. But there are a couple of things. First of all, the core charter of the Windows group is to create more personal computing. So let’s evolve the way that humans interact with digital information from on the terms of the computer to the terms of the human. The ability to manipulate 3-D objects in space — we get that as humans.
It’s a more intuitive way of working.And it provides deeper insights. One of my favorite examples was one of the doctors that we worked with at the Case Western Reserve University for the holographic anatomy class that they’re now teaching. There was the neurosurgeon who had been looking at radiograms, CAT scans of the brain. Fifteen years he’s been looking at these images.
Now, they’re quote, unquote “3-D images” on a flat-screen, which means you have 2-D representations that trick your brain into thinking there’s depth. But he put on HoloLens, and he said it was a profound epiphany — after 15 years of looking at radiograms and X-rays — that he gained a new understanding by interacting with the volumetric, real 3-D representation. You can walk around and see the interrelation between structures in a way that you can only appreciate in three dimensions. That’s a pretty profound sea change.
This is one of those things — it’s a bit of a reach, but compare it to the punctuated-equilibrium metaphor in evolution; the idea that evolution is not this continuous process. Instead, every once in a while, you make these jumps. I would say the move from character interface to graphic interface was one of the jumps. Touch is a another very natural thing — as human beings, we want to interact with something by touching it. Voice — these are all more human ways of interacting. To me, presenting information in real three dimensions, and enabling you to interact as if it were a real object, is on par with those other big leaps in the way we interact with digital information.
Right now, it does seem like HoloLens is very much meant for businesses. Why focus on enterprise at first, as opposed to other organizations that would maybe think more of it as a consumer or entertainment device?One of the things that became really clear, even before we started shipping the development edition, is that we began working with customers and partners to build some of the initial content solution for HoloLens. It became very, very clear that there was some profound efficiencies that could be gained in enterprise and commercial use cases. It made it very, very obvious for companies like ThyssenKrupp to buy HoloLens to equip their elevator-repair technicians, because they could dramatically improve the scale of their expertise, lower the response times, and get back up and running. These things pay for themselves very quickly. The ability for HoloLens to enable commercial enterprise solutions that were literally impossible is the primary reason that we’re focusing on these commercial use cases, because there’s just such a profound return on investment.
I think one of the prime examples is Japan Airlines. It used to be, to teach me how to become a jet-engine mechanic, Japan Airlines had to previously rip the engine off a plane, put it somewhere, rig it so that it could be operational in a way that was safe, and then fly me to that location, put me up, and then have me work on it, try to understand those systems, and get a sense of how it was running — but I can’t get too close because it’s a jet engine, and there’s a little bit of combustion going on. You can see all the impracticalities associated with doing something like that.
When they went to HoloLens to train jet-aircraft mechanics — there were profound improvements because all of those requirements I just mentioned went away. You don’t need to pull a real jet off the aircraft. You don’t need to fly me there. You just need to put a HoloLens on my head wherever I may be. I can learn the systems of that jet engine in a deeper way because I see fuel; I can see propulsion; I can look at those systems independently and also see how they interact. I can literally stand inside the jet engine while it’s running.
Tough to do in real life.You can only do that once. So those kinds of powerful efficiencies, literally doing things that were not possible. And the HoloLens also costs $3,000, so that’s why we’re focusing on enterprise now.
But we see this space as a spectrum. HoloLens is primarily being used in enterprise use cases, and immersive VR headset is mainly being used for gaming and 360 video.
But you’ll see a couple of things. You’ll see the spectrum get filled in with more devices, as this burgeoning ecosystem of mixed reality matures. You’ll also see HoloLens do more consumer-y, or more immersive, experiences. And you’ll see more of these VR headsets do more productivity, remote learning, collaboration, and more historically commercial scenarios. To me, that’s the testament to the soundness of our overall approach. We think of the whole thing holistically. We have a platform that’s consistent — consistent user interfaces, identical developer platforms.
There’s also the barrier that these things are pretty darn expensive. The whole kit can run you upwards of $800 or $900. And we looked at some of the devices that don’t allow for six degrees of motion, which results in nausea, so that’s not a good thing.
So we looked at this space and said, “Okay, we have a setup with that Acer device that’s about a minute, literally.”
So the same platform I was using that runs the Acer is the same thing that’s running HoloLens?Exactly. That means, over time, the $299 Acer headset that you just tried out — if I want to play games and do immersive experiences, I don’t have to spend $3,000. In fact, to reference your comment about the year of VR in 2016 — we’re data nerds. We know a whole lot about the data of why things happen. One of the things that we’ve learned from doing a whole lot of demos from existing VR headsets in Microsoft stores, and talking to a bunch of customers, is there are several things that have inhibited the broad adoption of those solutions. And the primary reason is complexity of setup.
Yeah that’s USB and HDMI into your laptop, click through this wizard, and in about a minute and you’re up and running. Done. You didn’t have to drill any holes into wall, you didn’t have put any lighthouse beacons and infrared stuff up. I believe we’ve adressed the complexity of setup issue. The cost issue, when you start at $299, you’re starting to get closer to an impulse buy.
I had a good month, maybe I’ll get a VR headset.We really feel like we’ve addressed a lot of the barriers and the friction that prevented more broad adoption of existing solutions. We expect 2017 really could be the year we see mass adoption. [Pause.] Now … eh. Maybe late 2017, or maybe holiday 2017. So realistically, from the market writ large, it’s a 2018 thing. But certainly by the end of 2017, I’ll be able to spend a few hundred dollars, or realistically, less than a thousand dollars for a laptop with integrated graphics and a head-mounted display that is going to give me that immersive experience.
That’s just a USB and HDMI?Yeah, that’s USB and HDMI into your laptop, click through this wizard, and in about a minute, you’re up and running. Done. You didn’t have to drill any holes into the wall; you didn’t have to put any lighthouse beacons and infrared stuff up. I believe we’ve addressed the complexity-of-setup issue. The cost issue: When you start at $299, you’re starting to get closer to an impulse buy.
It’s, “I didn’t realize I had to drill holes in my wall, or put these cameras up.” Or, “I didn’t know I can only use it in this one room.” Or, “I had to download all this software, and I just couldn’t get this working.” The complexity of setup is the No. 1 reason VR headsets get returned today.
I sat down with Greg Sullivan, director of marketing for the Windows and Devices Group, about what Microsoft hopes to do with mixed reality.
Laura works in ad sales at a well-known tech company. Her office uses Slack, which is likely either as integral to your workday as email or you have never heard of it before. In which case, some explanation: Slack is a workplace messaging app that lets co-workers easily carry on an assortment of group and individual conversations, some private and some public, all organized in a simple user interface; it’s chattier than sending an email, less of a hassle than scheduling a meeting. It’s also easy to use on your phone — not so different from sending a text — and perhaps because of that ease, or because of the bright Silicon Valley affect it shares with services like Facebook and Instagram (Slack’s headquarters are in San Francisco), it tends to foster a dashed-off, emoji-laced vernacular. It does well with millennial workers.
Fidget spinners are everywhere these days. Classrooms. Subways. Broadway audiences. (Shout-out to the teenager in the audience of a performance of Dear Evan Hansen on April 15. I saw you, dude.) And … the app store. Which seems a little odd, given that the whole point of a fidget spinner — allegedly backed by some questionable science — is to offer a tactile diversion that can help focus and calm you. But, hey, it’s 2017, so at the same time, it seems like a natural progression that the hottest trend around has gone digital, too. To save you some time, Select All rounded up some of the top free apps — type in “fidget spinner” and watch as dozens of options populate — from the Apple App Store and ranked them, using a scale of one to five golden fidget spinners.
Fidget Spinner — Hand Spinner Focus GameUpon opening this app, all seems right … at first. The spinner requires a thumb on the center button — the same way you hold a physical fidget spinner — before it’ll let you spin. Except, after you spin it 20 or so times, the app congratulates you on completing your goal, and bumps you to the next challenge, which is not spinner related. Twenty spins is certainly not enough time to reap those (probably bogus) mind-soothing benefits. Rating: one out of five spinners, for being a fidget fraud.
Fidget Spinner Now this, this is a spinner as the trend lords intended. Easy to use. No annoying ads. Two options with vaping spring stiffness and damping. Feels good in hand. If you’re gonna go digital fidget, this is the app to download. There are a few other spinner models available as paid upgrades, but I was perfectly content with the free models. Though, if you want to drop some of your hard-earned dollars on a lime-green spinner, I — a woman who spent more money that she’s proud to admit in Candy Crush — will not judge you.Rating: five out of five spinners, for being simple and good.
Fidget Spinner — the Best One EverThis app’s name is a bit of an oversell. It is just okay, certainly not “the best one ever.” The app gets points for being simple; it has a few spinner selections and no setup. You open it and immediately get to spinning. But if you want to place a thumb in the center and use another finger to spin, the app freaks out a little. Plus, the spins aren’t consistent. You seem to get a few dozen before the spinner will slow to a stop or start spinning the other way. Which isn’t particularly Zen. Rating: two out of five spinners, for technical difficulties.
Fidget Hand SpinnerIf you only want to use one hand to spin, this is the app for you. The basic, elliptical spinner works fine with a single finger flicking it. The effect is more like if you opened Tinder and just swiped right endlessly. Still, the spins are consistent, and it’s easy enough to find yourself zoning out and staring at the screen. Also, the app keeps a record of your spins and shows you your “Global Ranking.” Which, admittedly, sounds made-up, but makes me feel special for having “surpassed 45% of players all over the world.” Rating: four out of five spinners, for limited spinner options but appealing to my millennial sensibilities.
This week’s bizarre news cycle has now reached its zenith: the Rosie O’Donnell phase. This afternoon, President Trump dug up a December tweet from the actress and poet, in which she called for FBI Director James Comey to be fired over his “intrusion” into the 2016 election. Trump quote-tweeted O’Donnell — a longtime nemesis he once called a “fat pig,” and said he’d need to be paid at least a trillion dollars to consider making out with — to say, well, finally we agree on something. (If you’ve slept through most of this week, Trump fired Comey on Tuesday.)
At the very least, the order seems thought-out enough that it won’t plunge the federal government into a scrambling chaos as agencies seek to interpret its meaning. We’ll take a win where we can get it.
It is, to be fair, a pretty good drag — if not exactly a relevant one. But it also raises several important questions, chief among them: Was the president spending his Thursday afternoon scrolling through Rosie O’Donnell’s old tweets? Did he do an advanced search for her handle and tweets containing the name Comey? Was it just luck?
In other Trump tech news, the president expressed a preference for steam-powered catapults on aircraft carriers in a Time magazine interview today:
It wouldn’t be the first time a Trump tweet originated on Reddit — a photo of Chuck Schumer and Vladimir Putin wound its way from the news-sharing site to the First Twitter back in March. POTUS can’t get all his news from cable, after all.
Another theory presents itself: Did he — or, more likely, White House social-media director Dan Scavino — happen to see the news on Reddit’s infamous /r/The_Donald, where O’Donnell’s tweet was posted shortly before the president tweeted?
The case of Waymo versus Uber — already a complicated matter involving trade secrets, preexisting arbitration agreements, and whether a laser range finding device (known as LiDAR) had been smuggled wholesale out of Waymo — just got even more complicated. The only sure things? Uber is now in a much worse position than it was before, the engineer at the center of the firestorm is probably not resting easy, and the case of Waymo versus Uber will be fought in open court.
In December of last year, an errant email from a vendor meant for Uber wound up in the inbox of a Waymo employee, who thought the designs for Uber’s self-driving car’s LiDAR equipment looked suspiciously similar to what Waymo (and Levandowski) had been working on. Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, Anthony Lewandowski quickly started using his fifth amendment rights (and completely stepped out development on Uber’s own LiDAR last week), and now Uber and Google are engaged in what looks to be a lengthy court battle. Waymo’s lawyers have argued that Levandowski and Uber were conspiring as early as October of 2015 to steal trade secrets, with Otto serving as little more than a shell company for the hand-off.
A quick refresher on the case against Uber: Alphabet, the holding company formed by Google to contain companies like Waymo (formerly just a division within Google dedicated to automated cars) employed Anthony Levandowski as one of the main engineers in charge of Waymo’s self-driving-car efforts. Levandowski, a phenom in the world of self-driving cars, left the company in early 2016 to start his own company, Otto, dedicated to figuring out automated long-haul trucking. A little over six months later, Levandowski’s company was acquired by Uber for $680 million. Shortly after, Google says it dug into Levandowski’s behavior before before he left Waymo and found that he downloaded around 14,000 documents to a personal hard drive from its servers and then reinstalled his OS in an attempt to cover his tracks.
In Waymo’s telling, this was a grand conspiracy by Uber to steal trade secrets by hiring away a key engineer. In Uber’s version of the story, it happened to hire a highly sought-after engineer who then stole documents from Waymo without Uber’s knowledge. (It’s telling that neither Levandowski nor Uber is denying that Levandowski did actually steal trade secrets before leaving the company.)
There are three big takeaways from Judge Alsup’s rulings:
One, at least some parts of Uber’s self-driving-car business (likely the its LiDAR division) will have to come to a halt until the case ends — Judge Alsup placed parts of Uber’s automated car business on hold with a preliminary injunction, though kept which parts secret to protect Uber’s intellectual property.
Two, there will be an ugly and very public court fight between Waymo and Uber, since the possibility of arbitration has been removed.
Third, Levandowski (and perhaps others, though at this point that remains unclear) could face possible jail time for theft of trade secrets. Alsup, in his filing, said the case that Levandowski stole trade secrets seemed clear-cut to him. “I’ve never seen a record this strong in 42 years,” wrote Alsup.
The first blow against Uber was Judge William Alsup’s decision to deny Uber’s request that the case enter into arbitration — thereby keeping the case out of the public eye. But the bigger news came shortly after, when Judge Alsup recommended that a U.S. federal attorney begin to look into whether there was criminal theft of trade secrets involved in the case.
Fidget SpinThis is not a spinner, so much as it is a game of keepie-ups, where the object you’re trying to keep up is a green fidget spinner. There’s a bit of a lag on the game itself, which makes it kind of a pain to play. Rating: two out of five spinners, for false advertising.
Hospitals across England were hit this morning by a rapidly spreading ransomware cyberattack that by the afternoon was affecting computers around the world. At least 16 hospitals in the National Health Service have reported being hit with a ransomware strike, which appears to encrypt computer files — think everything your doctor needs to effectively treat and monitor you — unless the hospital pays a fee, about $300 in bitcoins, to the hackers.
Fidget Spinner FeelThis spinner — as an IRL spinner does — requires two hands to operate. One to hold the center button, and the other to spin. A time at the top of the app keeps track of how long your spin lasts, and resets with each new spin. (It’s a little distracting, but if you want a more gamified spinning experience, this one’s for you.) Choose from eight different color options to customize your spinner. Rating: four out of five spinners, for realism.
I have an iPhone 5s that’s almost three years old, and it’s starting to feel really slow. It takes apps longer to open, switching between them takes longer, and there’s even an annoying lag sometimes when I attempt to text or email. Is there anything I can do besides just getting a new phone?
Poky in Park Slope
Hiya! I understand. I tend to hold out on replacing phones for as long as possible, and that feeling you get that your phone is starting to get a little creaky? It’s not (entirely) just in your head — though, it is easy to use a friend’s newer phone for a few minutes, and then suddenly wonder why your iPhone 5s isn’t the same speed demon you remember. As phone manufacturers keep stuffing faster processors and more RAM into the newer phones, OS updates and new apps start to expect phones to sport higher-powered specs, meaning an older phone can start to chug. But you don’t need to get a new flagship phone to get a speedier experience. Here are some things for both Android and iOS that can clear out the cobwebs on an older device.
If you’re good about charging your phone on a regular basis, it’s entirely possible that you’ve gone weeks without ever completely powering down your phone. Completely powering down and restarting is a good place to start, as it’ll shut down every app and background process, which gives you a clean slate to work from.
To disable on iPhone:
Go to Settings > General > Accessibility > Reduce Motion, and then toggle Reduce Motion to “on.” You can also choose to disable the confetti, lasers, and other foofaraw in Messages by turning Auto-play Message Effects to “off.” (You’ll still see all the fun stuff when you actually go into the message itself.)
To disable on Android:
Don’t keep your phone’s storage packed to the gills. Ideally, you want to keep at least 1 GB free, but you’ll really start to notice that your phone is slowing down if you’re butting right up against your storage limit. Apps need to create caches and temporary files, and not having enough room causes everything to grind to a halt. First off, delete any unwanted photos and videos, and upload everything else to a cloud service, and clear out your photos and videos completely. If you’ve been using your phone for a while, this can clear up a substantial amount of storage space. If you need to get rid of more, you’ll need to get at your storage options.
To access on iPhone:
Head over to Settings > General > Storage & iCloud Usage > Manage Storage. From here, you’ll be able to see how much memory each app is taking up. You can tap individual apps to clear out stuff like podcasts or downloaded albums, or just delete apps completely.
To turn off on iPhone:
Go to Settings > iTunes & App Store. From there, switch Music, Apps, Books & Audiobooks, and Updates to “off.”
To turn off on Android:
The point of press briefings is that the press gets the opportunity to push back. Letting Trump, a proven liar, screen and respond to the questions he deems acceptable is a good way of encouraging propaganda.
And, of course, Twitter’s impact is arguably far less than cable news. Most people find out about what goes on on Twitter by watching cable news than by actually using Twitter.
I pointed this odd internet thing out in one of the most viral tweets of all time, and was subsequently and swiftly blocked by @FootlooseMovie for doing so.
Luckily, it’s fairly easy to protect yourself. According to Ars Technica, you should be safe if you have the MS17-010 security update released two months ago — in other words, run, don’t walk, to your computer’s Settings menu and scan for software updates.
The problem is not that Windows is particularly insecure — or, at least, it’s not just that Windows is particularly insecure. It’s that Windows is the most popular operating system in the world, and is generally the operating system of choice on most of the computers that people have at home, and oftentimes, at their place of work. It also powers the servers that many enterprise organizations rely on for emailing and file-sharing. The ubiquity of Windows has made it a prime malware target since personal computing exploded in the early ’90s (this also somewhat explains why there are far fewer viruses for Apple’s machines).
The ransomware — known as WannaCry, and apparently derived from an NSA-developed exploit called “Eternalblue” that was leaked earlier this year by a group known as the Shadow Brokers — encrypts whole computers, making their files inaccessible without a decryption key, which can only be acquired by paying up. It has, in this case, made medical files unavailable throughout England. And because it’s a worm, it spreads automatically from computer to computer, which explains why so many systems are going down at once.
The bad news is that there are countless iterations of unpatched Windows installed on millions of computers around the globe. Much of this is tied to the OS’s use in big enterprise settings — like hospitals — where upgrading an entire fleet of machines is an involved process, much more difficult that upgrading one individual’s laptop. Many legacy systems rely on older versions of Windows — including the military. In 2015, the U.S. military was paying $9 million a year to use Windows XP. Windows XP. That same outdated system also powers Britain’s nuclear submarines. One could assume that Britain’s NHS computer network is hamstrung by the same technical limitations, that each node is an individual vulnerability, but cannot be patched on an individual basis.
Jared McLemore, a 33-year-old from Memphis, died over the weekend, succumbing to injuries sustained after he lit himself on fire in an apparent attempt to die via suicide. McLemore streamed his actions — which included dousing himself in gas and then running into a local bar — via Facebook Live, WMC Action News 5 reports. His ex-girlfriend, Alyssa Moore, worked at the bar.
McLemore had a history of both mental illness and domestic violence. At the time of his death, Moore had an active restraining order out against him, WMC Action News 5 also reports. It’s unclear how many people saw the Live video, or for how long the video remained up on Facebook. People who were at the bar described the scene as “horrific.” “This gentleman comes breaking into the bar totally on fire, head to foot,” one witness said.
Both McLemore and Moore’s families have issued statements. The former’s thanked emergency personnel and hospital staff, noting McLemore had been struggling with bipolar disorder for years and had been seeking treatment. “Please let him rest in peace,” the McLemore family’s statement concludes.
Excerpted from the Moore family’s statement:
This Facebook Live suicide is just the latest in a string of recent graphic and violent Live videos. In April, a Thai man streamed himself hanging his baby daughter. He later killed himself off camera. And earlier in the same month, a man wanted for killing an elderly stranger in Chicago and streaming it on Facebook also killed himself, following an extensive manhunt. In an attempt to fix this issue, Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook will be hiring 3,000 people to watch the platform for Live videos of murders and suicides. This is in addition to the 4,500 other people who are already tasked with the job.
So we still probably have to wait a year before anything hits digital shelves. It’s also unknown how Zelda will translate to a smaller touchscreen — don’t expect anything like Breath of the Wild’s expansive landscape. Super Mario Run, thanks in part to a hefty-on-mobile $10 price tag, failed to meet Nintendo’s expectations. Maybe it’ll be a Tingle dress-up simulator; one can dream.
Not content to sell millions of copies of the new Legend of Zelda game, Nintendo is reportedly working on a mobile game set in Hyrule. According to The Wall Street Journal, Nintendo is planning a Zelda game for smartphones, following on the heels of games set in the worlds of Super Mario, Fire Emblem, and Animal Crossing. (Nintendo did not make Pokémon Go.)
Waymo, the Google-owned self-driving-car company currently suing Uber over alleged stolen technology, and Lyft, the woke bae of ride-hailing apps, are teaming up to develop self-driving cars. According to a report from the New York Times, the two will “work together to bring autonomous vehicle technology into the mainstream through pilot projects and product development efforts.” Translation: To use Lyft’s customer base — since Lyft is one of the few companies in the space not trying to build autonomous cars — and Waymo’s technology and expansive research to beat everybody else trying to corner the market on self-driving tech. Beyond that, there aren’t many details on the deal, which has been in the works since last summer.
Regardless of the exact nature of the partnership, it’s likely to be nerve-racking to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Google’s lawsuit against Uber is heating up, with the company seeking an injunction against Uber that would bar Uber from using any of the technology it allegedly got its hands on when former Google engineer Anthony Levandowski left the company for Uber in January 2016 with trade secrets — including documents and data — in tow. Earlier on Monday, a judge ruled that Levandowski be barred from working on LiDAR — the allegedly stolen tech — but Uber will be allowed to continue working on its self-driving initiatives. Which, frankly, doesn’t change much for Uber, since the company already elected to remove Levandowski from any work involving LiDAR earlier this month.
There’s a video floating around Facebook right now from 2016, featuring Thailand’s now-King Maha Vajiralongkorn strolling around a mall in Munich, wearing a yellow crop top. It’s, um, something. Three cheers for body positivity, I guess. But if you live in Thailand, or happen to be accessing Facebook there, you probably can’t see it. The company is currently blocking the crop-top clip under a Thai law that bans publicly insulting the monarchy, Vice News reports.
King Vajiralongkorn is accompanied by one of his mistresses and a bodyguard in the video. (For a little context, this isn’t the first time he’s gone for a jaunt wearing half a shirt, and he once declared his poodle, Foo Foo, an official Air Marshal.) Punishment for insulting the Thai King — like, for example, sharing the above video on social media — is punishable by up to 15 years in prison, according to Thailand’s lèse-majesté laws. The strict laws put Facebook in a tricky situation, given Mark Zuckerberg’s penchant for espousing his strong belief in freedom of speech, while still acknowledging a need to respect local law. According to a report from Bangkok Post, the Thai government has asked Facebook to remove the remaining 131 instances of the video on its platform by Tuesday of this week or face legal action.
Office gossip is as old as the office. But the medium made that gossip searchable and public to anyone who knew where to look. It was a very, very stupid way to air grievances. And yet, at the same time, Slack was also the obvious place to do it.
Such was the case in Laura’s office, where the salespeople, who are generally more senior, use Slack less than the account managers, who are generally more junior. One day last summer, a saleswoman was looking for a conversation she’d had with an account manager, so she typed her own name in Slack’s search bar. She found a public Slack channel, says Laura (not her real name). “It was eight account managers, and it was pretty much dedicated to just bashing everybody in sales, from the top, top people, all the way down.” Within two hours, word had spread to the entire sales team, which spent a Friday afternoon reading the channel’s history start to finish. “There was some borderline racist stuff,” she remembers. And, “people were getting called ‘dumb sluts’ left and right.” At first, as salespeople started reading, the talk continued, but then the account managers noticed who was joining and began to flee. The fight-or-flight impulse was not particularly useful here: They could make the channel disappear from their own view of Slack, but running away did nothing to delete its history. The last thing to see in the chat record was the account managers’ boss entering the room. “As far as I know, nobody lost their job over it,” Laura says. “But I think people were pretty embarrassed.”
Slack, first released in 2013, has essentially ushered employer-sanctioned social media into the workplace. At some point over the last year, it started to feel, at least in a certain kind of office, as ubiquitous as those other social-media giants. Like Facebook or Twitter, Slack induces the same anxious, attention-hungry rhythm in its users, the same need to endlessly refresh, and gives off the same illusion of intimacy in an ultimately public space. It also makes the line between work and not-work blurrier than ever — the constant scroll of maybe-relevant chatter in your chosen Slack channels registers at times like the background noise of any other newsfeed. For better or worse, it makes work life more like digital life, albeit a digital life where you can also smell what everyone else is eating for lunch. The question is, what does this intrusion do to the delicate diplomacy of office life? What happens when we bring our digital selves to work?
Slack was not the first company to offer workplace chat and instant messaging: Before Slack, there was Campfire; there was HipChat. Slack, though, was the one that became a verb. What do you do at work? I Slack. Did they get that taken care of? Yeah, we Slacked. Are you busy? No, just Slacking. The irony — Slacking at work! — is too obvious to be actually funny, but it still suggests an appealing baseline attitude. Slacking might feel stressful sometimes, but it never sounds that way.
Originally, Slack CEO Stewart Butterfield set out to design games. In 2002, he began work on Game Neverending, an online fantasy video game in which it was impossible for players to win or lose — that project failed, but some of its code gave rise to Flickr. His efforts toward a second endless game, this time called Glitch, yielded Slack; it grew out of the chat application the Glitch team used internally. On Slack, work presents as a quasi-social game that you want to keep playing. Its default color scheme is that of a ’90s mall or movie theater (purple, pink, teal), and if you announce that you’ve completed a task, colleagues can respond with a chorus of custom emoji. A widely beloved Giphy integration allows users to express themselves via gif. Recently, Slack added an emoji “status” feature that results in evermore tiny cartoons sprinkled through your chat history like confetti.
All of this has earned Slack word-of-mouth enthusiasm, not something generally associated with workplace software. It’s “cool office culture, available for instant download,” Slate declared two years ago, as the phenomenon was taking hold. Or, as Ali Rayl, Slack’s director of customer experience, puts it (in faintly depressing terms), Slack allows users to “create the human connection without the human overhead.” Slack’s work chat is the consummation of the open-plan-office dream — an unstructured space where you can share, collaborate, and see what everyone else is working on.
Rayl acknowledges that what happens on Slack doesn’t always look like work. The company sometimes hears from upper management “frustrated at how many Giphys are being sent.” She and her colleagues encourage them to focus on the long game: “When people have lots of incentives to put all of their conversation out in the open, all of that conversation becomes visible,” Rayl says. “The corpus of whatever the company does — not just the company’s product, but the process of building and maintaining the company itself — it is instantly recorded and available to everyone in the company.” GIFS and emoji are the incentive for employees to use Slack; greater oversight is the incentive for employers to tolerate GIFS and emoji. A company-operated social network might not be something most of us would seek out — but years of experience have primed us to accept a certain loss of privacy as the price paid for online entertainment or, in this case, entertaining work.
Tech and media companies have been perhaps the fastest and most ardent in their embrace, which also means their employees are furthest along the path to Slack-jadedness. Slack came into my life in 2014. Previously we’d used an inferior chat app; with Slack, it was a relief not to constantly expect that my instant messages would crash or freeze, or worry that I was chatting into the void as my colleagues’ instant messages crashed or froze. We reorganized our workflow through Slack’s convenient channels. We checked in on plans from our phones mid-commute. It made us forget what we’d ever done without Slack. It also made us spend more time chatting than we ever had before.
Slack’s own employees reportedly adhere to the principle “Work hard, then go home.” They have nonetheless created a product that encourages the opposite: “Work half-distractedly, then keep doing that no matter where you go.” Slack has made work, like the rest of the internet, a passive addiction. “I struggle with it,” says Ainsley, a user-experience designer in San Francisco. “Because I get really addicted to notifications, so I see that badge, I want to clear it.” David Phelps lives in New York and runs two small businesses, a tutoring agency and an auto-pay app for freelancers. The app’s developers work remotely, so Slack has become not just an efficient communication tool but a surrogate office — one that can be carried in a pocket or left on a nightstand.
“I used to wake up and turn off the alarm and check Tinder,” Phelps tells me. “Now I wake up and check Slack.”
Slack is a very human experience,” says Christina Janzer, who runs Slack’s UX research team. “It makes the workplace much more personal, which is maybe why people have such an emotional tie to it.” That’s also why Slack can reshape office relationships: It takes the group dynamics already present between co-workers and douses them in digital accelerant. Experiences familiar from other forms of social media — the avalanche of group consensus, the fear of missing out, the publicly performed friendships, the sudden exposure — become, with Slack, part of the work world.
Valued at $3.8 billion last year, Slack claims 5 million daily active users across workplaces that include 21st Century Fox, Dow Jones, and the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Slack comes in a free version with limited storage and features but also offers several tiers of expanded plans, priced per active user. Open Slack, and it greets you with a friendly message as it loads: “Be cool. But also be warm.” Or: “You’re here! The day just got better.” Or: “Always get plenty of sleep, if you can.” (They’re all signed from “your friends at Slack.”) The left side of the screen lists your contacts and group “channels,” with green lights to indicate whether users are active and pink badges to mark unread messages. Star the people you talk to most and they’ll stay at the top of your list, or search for any other employee by name and start a new conversation. You can drop in and out of chat channels as the day goes on, or, if you’re a member of a particularly active channel, you might spend all day there, reading through the scroll. Channels are sometimes devoted to hobbies or snacks, but the overall idea is to improve workplace collaboration and communication.
Caitlin Hales, who works in tech, says that the job she left recently had an especially robust Slack culture. It was the kind of place where someone programmed a Slack bot to share photos whenever anyone took selfies with the wall-mounted iPad in the kitchen. (It was the kind of place with a wall-mounted iPad in the kitchen.) “If you weren’t contributing to Slack, you weren’t contributing to the culture as a whole,” she says. “So there was a little bit of pressure, almost, to be involved.” She likes Slack, but she sees how it can get to be too much. “Sometimes I felt that I needed to mute every single channel in order to get stuff done. It was like, people are expecting you to reply to them and contribute to the conversation happening about, you know, freaking Pepe.”
While your colleagues chat in the well-appointed break room of Slack’s public channels, you can always peel off with a chosen few and start whispering about what’s really going on. Slack might present itself as a beacon of transparency — a bright, door-free office with a bot taking lunch orders — but it’s also the post-meeting smoke break, offering easy access to the conspiratorial intimacy on which co-worker friendship thrives (especially coveted in the open-plan realm, where privacy can be hard to come by).
It’s definitely possible to get work done on Slack; it’s also possible to make yourself feel like you’re working without actually accomplishing anything. To be a given company’s most active Slack user — a ranking anyone can view, just go to your team’s page of all-time statistics — is an ambiguous honor.
Nonthreatening, low-stakes, it’s an easy medium for social overtures, one that lacks the vestigial formality of email and the challenges of speaking face-to-face. When, last month, the dating app Feeld launched a Slack integration that would allow co-workers to privately declare interest in each other, the widespread reaction was hilarity regarding potential HR complaints. (Slack declined to list the Feeld bot in its directory.) But more fundamentally absurd was the integration’s redundancy: If you can’t manage on your own to flirt over chat, there may be no hope for you — Slack is already perfect for this purpose. This is especially true if you began adolescence on AOL, close-reading crushes’ away messages and claiming to be 18 — then chat will always be a little linked to sex. I know at least one woman whose office romance was fueled by Slack repartee. The relationship has since ended; she says she’s saving their chat transcripts so that she can write a screenplay someday.
Slack is also perfect for conspiring and bitching. Group DMs, and even more so, private invite-only Slack channels, allow you to codify social factions with an ease rarely seen beyond middle school. You can start a fun channel and give it a fun name, like you’re a seventh-grade girl with a cool clique. Or you can give it a sneaky name — “research-help” — to avoid detection when you’ve got it pulled up on your screen. A private chat can become the venue for office play-by-play in real time: the co-worker who always comes by to mooch snacks (Here she is again!) or the one trailing a miasma of cologne. Private channels provide a place to commiserate; DMs provide a sympathetic ear.
The Slack sell to employers is that it decreases the burden of email, because nobody likes email. (Whether infinite chatty one-line messages are preferable to an overflowing inbox is debatable; for now, though, Slack retains the advantage of novelty.) It integrates the tools you already use, like Google Drive, so you can easily centralize everything. These functions aren’t so different from those of previous chat apps, but Slack makes them look good (a friendly interface) and run better (speedy, reliable, with a strong search function).
Naturally, it stings to discover when you’ve been left in the cold, to hear an outbreak of laughter across the office when nothing’s happening on your Slack. (I’ve been told that in one of the private channels at my office, members hoping to avoid discovery regularly remind each other not to laugh — but I’m not really in a position to confirm.) Annie Buller, who works at a start-up in New York, recalls the bittersweet moment when she was invited to join her office’s Pizza Day channel: “I was like, Why was I never on here before?”
Women-only channels are common, as are ones delineating office hierarchy — managers without employees, employees without managers. Before Gawker unionized in 2015, Slack was the space where employees debated the value of organizing. There was a channel with everyone except management, where people laid out thoughtful arguments for and against, which came to serve as a DIY voter’s guide. Then there were the conversations (more heated) that took place in more select private channels and the one-on-one DM analysis. A former staffer I spoke to remembers the discussion as startlingly blunt. “There were people we were very surprised by who came out as, like, Republicans,” she says. “I still remember who was anti-union, and I still remember the things that they said.” On Slack, it became easy for debate to turn “divisive and intense”: “What you wouldn’t say in person, you can say on Slack.”
In other words, people didn’t act like they were in the office. They acted like they were on the internet. Slack is sometimes described as a digital watercooler, but watercoolers are often places for dutiful small talk — the exact kind of workplace nicety with which Slack dispenses. Losing that veneer of fake office politeness means seeing things (and revealing things) that you might have preferred to ignore. And Slack does not merely provide a means of talking about one another; Slack also provides more material. You pivot from a group conversation to a back-channel rehash of the conversation — it’s a move that makes you feel slightly craven (why can’t you stop yourself?) and also, because it could so easily go awry (and because you know this!), sort of dumb. Wait wtf was that? is he pissed?, you type and send, probably but not definitely to the correct recipient.
Slack encourages co-workers to see themselves as a team and presents plenty of means to assert group identity. For example, an efficient way to summarize the differing editorial sensibilities of Gawker and BuzzFeed might be this: BuzzFeed had a Slack channel for being excited about Hamilton; Gawker had a Slack channel for compiling bad tweets. Co-workers can personalize emoji, devise elaborate Slack bot pranks, cultivate inside jokes.
Buller started a “ladies only” channel at her mostly male workplace. At first she just wanted to be able to alert fellow women when she’d stashed extra tampons in her drawer, but it became a place for longer conversations: exchanging advice on IUDs, tipping each other off to women-in-tech events and sales at Sephora. The channel was public — anyone could search for it and join — and inspired great interest among male colleagues. “They’d drop in — maybe not even say something, maybe drop in the emoji of the eyes — and then leave,” Buller says. Finally the women, exasperated, decided to make the channel private. “Now all the dudes are even more intrigued,” she says. “There’s one guy who will go on other people’s computers just to sneak a peek.”
Slack can lull you into a sense of privacy that it would be unwise to trust. Office chats seem both intimate and disposable, but the half-grammatical missives you’ve long since forgotten can endure in the fossil record. When Hulk Hogan first took Gawker to court, editors found themselves confronted with jokes they’d made on Campfire in 2012. Employers cannot read private-channel Slack messages and DMs — unless they subscribe to a pricing tier intended for clients in fields like finance, who are required to maintain full communication records. In that case, management can request a compliance export of all Slack messages sent. (Employees receive a notification from Slack when this happens.) Otherwise, your messages live in the Amazon cloud, for whatever time period your employer chooses: a day, a week, forever.
One of the pleasures of life on Slack, as on the internet in general, is the opportunity to eavesdrop and observe. Quiet presence in a group chat can pass unnoticed indefinitely, unless you decide to say something or leave. (“When in human history,” asks David Phelps, “have we been able to watch other people’s conversations without feeling awkward?”) Sometimes, though, the quiet presence is your boss.
Some in Silicon Valley avoid these intrusions (and other oversight) by maintaining shadow Slacks — not the official work “team,” administered by an employer, but a separate one that happens to be all co-workers. “It’s like a full-time daytime happy hour,” one tech employee tells me. Any group can register at slack.com: families, neighbors, friends. Buller has purely social Slack teams that started out as Facebook group messages. If you’re all going to be on Slack anyway, she explains, “it’s a little more innocuous” — instead of looking like you’re checking Facebook all the time, “you can low-key drift over” during the workday.
Major Slack leaks are chilling possibilities. Really, though, Slack exposure doesn’t require anything so complex. It could be as simple as a screenshot — perhaps something saved by a disgruntled ex-employee or a DM forwarded by its intended recipient. Earlier this month, Anthime Gionet — the former BuzzFeed employee turned pro-Trump troll known online as “Baked Alaska” — released screenshots that appeared to show his former co-workers casually chatting about whether Trump would be assassinated. He offered up their Slack history as evidence of liberal bias, but it was also a cautionary tale about office messaging.
Here’s my confession: At times, what I do at work seems to be “be on Slack,” and there have been times when I have loved it. This has less to do with Slack’s intrusive robot chumminess (my Wi-Fi stops working: “Hmm,” says a Slack bot, “your computer seems to be offline, so sending messages won’t work at the moment”) than with the sensation that I am literally getting paid to talk to smart people about things that interest us. Is there a luckier way to feel at work?
Still, when one of my co-workers went on maternity leave, she posted a screenshot on Instagram of her phone asking if she was sure she wanted to delete Slack, and I had never felt more envious of any piece of lifestyle content on that platform. Deleting Slack — that was freedom.
Slack is a compulsion, a distraction. A burden. Often, though, our complaints about it carry a note of aggrieved resignation. They’re delivered in the same tone used for laments regarding air travel, Facebook, or Time Warner. Slack has become another utility we both rely on and resent.
Of course she does. We all do. Slack’s creator keeps trying to invent endless, unwinnable games. For now, he has succeeded.
Let’s cut right to the chase: This guy’s skate proficiency might surprise you.
Indeed, we may never know whose dads is this — he skates off into the sunset, having proven his skill — but now we know that dads can skate, in loafers and khakis. Other skate dads, please step up your game.
Ransomware is malware that encrypts all of the contents on a computer’s hard drive, locking them behind a password. Also included is a time limit: Pay up soon or the files are gone forever. Ransomware is chillingly effective because it takes advantage of structural and beneficial features of the internet. Widely available strong encryption makes it virtually impossible to brute-force a key to unlock the files — that is, to guess a password, using automation to try several times a second. Complex and interconnected systems like those that serve hospitals or utilities companies are vulnerable on several fronts, and are difficult to maintain and secure because of that very complexity and interoperability.
Most nerve-racking of all, WannaCry was enabled by the very security apparatus that seeks to prevent such attacks, the National Security Agency. The NSA hoards software exploits and vulnerabilities that it discovers, and develops tools to weaponize those exploits against its enemies. But in order to keep those exploits available, it is in the NSA’s best interest to not disclose them to software manufacturers like Microsoft, whose Windows operating system is at the center of the recent malware attack. In this case, the incentives of the NSA are aligned with ransomware coders. This is not a great setup.
Technically, the intelligence community has a process for deciding what to disclose to the public. It is known as the Vulnerabilities Equities Process, though the process’s inner workings are still kept secret. But it’s a Catch-22. By informing companies of holes in their products’ security, the government is also closing off vectors from which they can attack enemies. By not doing so, we also leave our own systems open to attack. WannaCry is powered by NSA exploits acquired by a hacking group called the Shadow Brokers (cool name) and made public online. The internet — the great democratizer — turned a tool of the American government into a weapon that anyone, worldwide, could use.
Mark Zuckerberg is a known meat fan. It’s true. Remember that time he went live from his backyard while smoking some meat — and talking incessantly about said meat — in his weird, green egg barbecue? It happened! Really. Today, Zuck’s teammates at Facebook HQ celebrated his birthday (belatedly, the CEO’s birthday was actually May 14) with … a meat-shaped birthday cake, featuring a rack of ribs, a T-bone steak, some kind of drumstick, and a sausage in dessert form. Because, as mounting evidence has clearly proven, Mark Zuckerberg loves his meats.
Happy birthday, Mark! Hope your 33rd year is a good one.
Update, May 15, 2017, at 5:53 p.m.: A representative for Facebook provided the following statement regarding the semi-censored video:
There are many ways to gauge a tweet’s performance on Twitter. Maybe you’re hoping that it gets a lot of likes. Maybe you’re hoping that a famous person acknowledges your tweet. Maybe all you care about is that it makes you laugh. But for people looking for more advanced and nuanced measurements of Twitter performance, there is only one important figure: “The Ratio.”
But, gosh, don’t “face filters” sound … familiar? It’s almost like you’ve used a camera app to slap a crown or glasses or furry ears on your face before. Yes: The lenses are just the latest in a line of features Instagram has, uh, borrowed from Snapchat. Can you blame them? Given Instagram’s growth in recent months, it seems to have worked in their favor with users. (Though maybe not teenage users.) Of course, if Snapchat keeps making changes to its core features, it could leave the door wide open for Instagram to copy, and then usurp, them. To use the new filters, make sure you’re running the latest version of the Instagram app. They are available globally today.
This is, likely, only the beginning of what will be a long and fruitful scientific and statistical inquiry into “The Ratio.” For now, we can conclude: Never tweet, but if you must tweet, tweet like Dril, not like Paul Ryan.
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is headed back to Twitter. He left the company back in 2011, after working there for six years. According to a Medium post — “What’s Happening With Me” — from Stone earlier on Tuesday, he’ll be working full time at the company, though it’s a little hazy what exactly that full-time position will actually entail.
From Medium:
Prior to the announcement, Pinterest acquired Stone’s crowdsourced Q&A start-up, Jelly, in March. Back then, it was reported that Stone would still be working with Jelly, just under the Pinterest umbrella. Based on Stone’s Medium update, it seems like this won’t be the case; instead, Stone will be focusing all of his energies on Twitter. His return, according to the post, came after Stone spoke at a Friday-afternoon tea — a relaunched Twitter tradition of yore — and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey invited him to come back to the company. Stone says he’s not replacing anybody or filling a vacant role. “Somebody mentioned I’m just filling the ‘Biz shaped hole’ I left,” Stone explained. “You might even say the job description includes being Biz Stone.”
So. I have a couple questions.
First question: Has anyone at Sony ever used emoji? I ask because when the hand and the yellow ball enter the “Loser Lounger, where the emoji that never get used hang out,” there’s an eggplant chilling inside. There are a bajillion emoji, and I’m not sure the eggplant qualifies as “Loser Lounge” material. In case you did not already know, the eggplant is shorthand for penis. I have never sexted in my life, and even I know that the eggplant is the ding-dong and the peach emoji is the booty. The implied message of The Emoji Movie is thus made clear: being horned up in the chat is for losers.
Those are the only two questions I had while contemplating The Emoji Movie. Otherwise, it’s a completely accurate depiction of what goes on inside your phone, and I’ll be there on opening day.
The ratio, explicated earlier this year by Luke O’Neil at Esquire, works like this: If you tweet something good, people will retweet or “like” it, as a sign of agreement or endorsement. If you tweet something bad, people will reply to it, usually angrily. The ratio between replies and retweets, then, can tell you if you did a good tweet, or a bad one. For example, this charmer from New York congressman John Faso supporting the AHCA. Faso, at the time, had just over 2,000 Twitter followers. His bad tweet has since racked up 4,000 replies to just 119 faves. This, friends, isn’t a good ratio.
In this case, the documents appeared on 4chan, but promised that more would appear on the website nouveaumartel.com. Through a bit of complex technological detective work, security researchers have found the nouveaumartel.com is tied to Andrew Auernheimer, the notorious white-supremacist hacker also known as “Weev.” According to research firm Qurium, the #MacronGate documents were hosted on a Latvian server that also hosts the Daily Stormer, a leading white-supremacist website.
In 2012, Auernheimer was sentenced to 41 months in prison, for illegally obtaining reams of customer data from an AT&T server, though his conviction was vacated in 2014.
Tord Lundström, a computer forensics investigator, told The Wall Street Journal, “We strongly believe that the fake offshore documents were created by someone with control of the Daily Stormer server.” Auernheimer’s lawyer told the paper that he had no comment. Andrew Anglin, the Daily Stormer’s publisher, stopped replying when asked if they were behind the documents. Anonymous 4chan users congratulated Weev on the leaks, in the thread where they were posted.
Shortly before Emmanuel Macron was elected president of France on May 7, documents appeared online that supposedly linked him to offshore financial accounts — damning allegations that threatened to undo his campaign. The documents, as it turned out, were falsified, but their sudden appearance and distribution mimicked the now-established format for political disruption in a digital age: document dumps consisting of private data and communications.
Trump’s ratios have steadily gotten worse since assuming office, but nothing like Ryan’s, which reached unprecedented proportions during the debate over AHCA. Ryan’s worst tweet — like Faso’s bad tweet, this one was also promoting Trumpcare — saw over 8,000 replies to just 300 retweets.
The group of memes birthed from episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants makes a crowded pantheon. There’s Blurry Mr. Krabs, Handsome Squidward, Primitive Sponge, and Surprised Patrick. You might think we — the internet — had reached our maximum carrying capacity for memes featuring a talking sponge who wears shoes and flips burgers for a living. But if you thought this … you’d be wrong. Over the past few weeks, another SpongeBob SquarePants meme has surfaced from Bikini Bottom to grace our timelines. Introducing: Mocking Sponge.
WeSearchr, a platform for crowdsourcing journalistic “investigations,” was always going to generate controversy, simply by dint of its co-founders: Chuck Johnson and Pax Dickinson. Johnson, as you may know, is a far-far-right troll — he’s argued that former president Barack Obama is gay, and notoriously misidentified the anonymous alleged victim from the collapsed Sabrina Erdely Rolling Stone case — who maybe, but probably not, but maybe helped vet certain Trump appointees. If nothing else, Johnson is eager to give the impression that he has deep ties to the Trump administration, and since he used to work for Steve Bannon at Breitbart, it’s not out of the question. Dickinson is himself a controversial figure who was forced out as Business Insider’s chief technology officer in 2013, as a result of offensive tweets he published.
The duo launched WeSearchr last year as a new sort of crowdfunding platform, in which bounties would be placed on certain reporting goals — get Hillary Clinton’s health records, for example — though, in at least one instance, it has also served as a more basic sort of Kickstarter for Nazis, as when it was used by Nazi activist Andrew Anglin to raise more than $24,000 for a legal fight against the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In the rest of the tweetstorm, Dickinson claims he resigned as CTO because Johnson refused to fulfill a promise to make it up to a developer they had underpaid while they were trying to raise money. After they finally got a sizable chunk of cash, Dickinson claims, Johnson refused to give the developer in question a $1,000-per-month pay bump, leading Dickinson to resign. After he did, Johnson fired the developer.
Now, though, there appears to be some drama afoot: The site is down, apparently as a result of Johnson having failed to pay hosting fees, and Johnson and Dickinson have parted ways. Dickinson took to Twitter to explain:
As shocking as it no doubt is to learn that Chuck Johnson may not be a paragon of ethics in business, the most fascinating revelation contained in Dickinson’s Twitter thread is the apparent million-dollar investment. There’s more money than is often widely acknowledged floating around to fund far-right online content, even content as fringy as a crowdfunding website run by a widely reviled and frequently wrong activist-journalist. In the absence of further information, there’s no way to know who Dickinson is referring to, but this is the sort of investment folks like hedge-fund billionaire Robert Mercer and his daughter Rebekah have made in the past (the Mercers, for instance, funded Milo Yiannopoulos’s explosive college tour, allowing him to charge a $0 speaking fee). Johnson has, in the past, bragged about his connections to Peter Thiel. Once in a while, one gets a brief glimpse at this funding infrastructure: During a public spat between Mike Cernovich and the noxious alt-right personality Tim Treadstone, a.k.a. “Baked Alaska,” over the latter’s anti-Semitic tweets in January, for example. Cernovich seemed to indicate that he had paid Treadstone for some of his activities. But it’s unlikely that Cernovich did that out of the goodness of his heart, so where did Cernovich get his money? If the veil is ever lifted, revealing the alt-right’s full funding scheme, it may turn out that a rather small group of wealthy individuals were able to spend a (in the grand scheme of things) small amount to generate a huge amount of trollish, far-right, reactionary content.
Either way, it’s worth noting that there was always more than a whiff of shadiness to WeSearchr. Johnson seemed to openly admit to Heat Street back in February that the platform was mostly set up as a way for him to get himself paid for information he already possessed, or could get. In fact, thanks to Johnson’s friendship with Malik Obama, Barack’s very MAGA-enthusiastic half-brother, he (Johnson) was able to collect two of the just five bounties the site had handed out by February, for $38,000. “Johnson said he did not remember how much he paid Malik for the two pieces of information: a video of Barack and Michelle’s trip to Kenya in 1990, and an early draft of Barack’s memoir, Dreams From My Father,” writes Heat Street’s William Hicks. “Johnson alleged both contained compromising information about Obama.” Naturally.
Mocking Sponge comes from a 2012 episode entitled “Little Yellow Book.” The actual plot has very little to do with mockery and more to do with chickens and plaid. (Reminder, this show has been airing, successfully, for over a decade.) Squidward gets his hands on SpongeBob’s diary and discovers that whenever he sees plaid, he is overcome by the need to act like a chicken. Which, naturally, cue Mr. Krabs popping up from behind the register wearing a kilt, prompting SpongeBob to bend over at the waist and cluck. His eyes bulge out of his head, and his nose arcs into a semi-beak.
So that’s the origin story, sort of. Earlier in May, Twitter user @OGBEARD tweeted a macro of the scene, comparing it to staring at kids who stare at you for too long. This was the first instance of Mocking Sponge becoming a meme, as per Know Your Meme. The textual element — yOu KnOw WhAT I mEaN — of the meme would be added soon after.
That same day, @lexysaeyang tweeted the image as a diptych beside a picture of a (real) bird with (cartoon) arms. She captioned it with the call and response, which are identical, except the latter is in a jumble of upper- and lowercase letters, like a ransom note created with pasted letters cut from magazine clippings. (The idea, so far as there is one, is that the erratically capitalized line is meant to represent a sort of mocking imitation of the original line.) This is now the canonical format of the Mocking Sponge meme.
From there, the meme spread like wildfire.
Mocking Sponge has been making the rounds for nearly two weeks at this point. Which means, we’re likely nearing the end of its life cycle. In fact, the meme may already be dead, and we just haven’t realized it yet. Think of memes like stars in the sky. They’re so far away that when they burn out, it takes years for the light to stop reaching our eyes. The same is true of memes. Enjoy the last vestiges and modifications of Mocking Sponge floating into your News Feed, and then … let it go. Chances are good that there’ll be another SpongeBob meme soon enough, anyway.
Yesterday, I stumbled across something, well, something. It was a Facebook post from someone showing a friend of mine a Kickstarter for the “RompHim,” a romper designed for men. It featured a picture of a group of dudes, clad, confusingly, in rompers, sunglasses, and … fur (?) popping a bottle of champagne. At the time, it had raised around $7,000 of its $10,000 goal. Bemused and a little horrified — the name, the name — I tweeted about the RompHim.
Over the next few hours, the RompHim was everywhere. Did my tweet do this? Maybe. Maybe not. (Probably.) But one thing was certain … the RompHim had entered Twitter’s cultural conscious. Which meant tweets. So many tweets about dudes in short one-pieces. Bad tweets. Good tweets. 12 million tweets making the same “RompHim? I hardly know him” jokes. Welcome, friends, to romper Twitter.
As of publishing this post, RompHim has raised over $80,000 on Kickstarter, well over its initial goal. Which means, the RompHims are coming. Whether you want them to or not.
In addition, Brokers is also touting possession of more nonpublic Windows 10 security holes, putting Microsoft on its heels as it tries to plug leaks in software, without assistance from government agencies that continue to hoard secrets. Yesterday at TechCrunch Disrupt, former NSA head General Keith Alexander defended the hoarding practice in the name of public safety, using wishy-washy logic.
The rogue hackers have promised more details on their content-monetization strategy in June.
The Shadow Brokers, fresh off its enabling of the WannaCry ransomware, is teasing many more exploits, including some that might end in the nuclear-heat death of the human race. In a broken-English blog post yesterday, the group claimed to possess “compromised network data from Russian, Chinese, Iranian, or North Korean nukes and missile programs.”
The group is clearly emboldened by its success (if you want to call it that), after releasing numerous zero-day exploits acquired from the NSA’s Equation Group, after they were left on a staging server. Now, it’s considering a new subscription model in which it releases new hacking tools to subscribers every month. “Is being like wine of month club,” its post states; Blue Apron for malware.
If you’ve ever stared at a flower and wondered exactly what it is — or have been outside a restaurant and wondered if it’s actually any good — Google’s new Lens tool is perfect for you. Announced today by Google CEO Sundar Pichai at Google’s I/O conference, and available soon for Google Assistant and Google Photos users, Google Lens promises to understand, and tell you, exactly what is in a given photo. Using computer learning, Pichai explained, Lens will be able to analyze your images and offer real-time information and suggestions.
As a demo, he showed the tool labeling a photo of a flower — good for allergy sufferers, Pichai joked. The feature offered potential types the flower might be and also recommended a nearby florist. Other capabilities demonstrated included a photo of a restaurant marquee taken from a New York street, which prompted Google Lens to offer reviews and ratings of that restaurant. Another example, this one greeted with the largest round of applause, involved taking a photo of the string of preset letters and numbers that come with a Wi-Fi router. Instead of crawling on the floor, shouting “S23HGKADF9723H” to the friend trying to connect to your home Wi-Fi — the password to which you never bothered to customize — Google Lens will automatically connect your device to the network, just by taking a photo of those numbers on the side of the router.
As for how well these machines actually learn and function, Pichai noted that over the past six years, Google’s image-recognition technology has improved markedly. So much so that it can now tell you what is in a given image with greater accuracy than a human being.
Sundar Pichai and his fellow Googlers took the stage today for the company’s annual developer conference, Google I/O. So that you don’t have to go back and watch the full two-hour video, we here at Select All have rounded up the key things you need to know in one convenient place.
1. Google is big — really, really big.
There are now 2 billion Android devices in use around the world. Two billion. 800 million people are using Google Drive. And 500 million people are using Google Photos. Also, Google has seven products and platforms — Android, Gmail, Chrome, YouTube, Maps, Play, and Google search — with over a billion monthly active users. That’s like having seven WhatsApps. It’s a big company. When you think Google, think big.
2. Smart replies are coming to Gmail.
Google’s instant-reply feature is already available in some of its products and platforms — Inbox and Allo — but now it’s coming to Gmail. Using machine learning, Google offers instant-reply options — like, “I’m down for either,” in response to an email asking if you want to do something on Saturday or Sunday — that you can send with a single tap. According to Google, 12 percent of Inbox replies are generated using this feature. Smart replies are available in English on the Gmail app for Android and iOS today, with a Spanish version available in the coming weeks.
3. Google Lens will look at your photos … and then talk to you about them.
Using machine learning, Google’s newest photo feature, Google Lens, can analyze your photos and offer information — directions, restaurant reviews, object identification — based on what it sees. It can tell you what kind of flower you’re looking at or connect you to your friend’s Wi-Fi, just by snapping a photo of a blossom or your friend’s router. Google CEO Sundar Pichai noted that Google’s AI has improved so much over the past few years, it can now identify images with greater accuracy than humans can. The feature will ship first in Google Assistant — as well as in Google Photos — where it can be used to translate images of signage in other languages.
5. Google Assistant is coming soon to an iPhone near you.
Previously only available on Android devices, Google announced its AI assistant will now be available as a stand-alone app for iPhone users. Don’t expect it to work exactly like the Google Assistant you’re used to, though. Assistant for iOS will have limited capabilities — sending messages, DJ-ing from Spotify — and won’t be able to do everything you might want it to do. Like set an alarm. (Too bad; as we all know, that’s about 50 percent of what an AI is good for anyway.)
4. Use Google to edit your photos.
Another cool photo feature announced at today’s conference involved smart photo-editing tools of the kind usually confined to high-end products like Photoshop. And not just tweaking colors: If you take a photo of your kid playing baseball, Google promises it can detect and edit out the chain-link fence in the image.
6. The call is coming from inside the Google Home.
Google announced several new features that make it even easier to share photos with friends and family using Google Photos: shared libraries and suggested sharing. Suggested sharing will analyze your photos for specific people, and then prompt you to send those photos to your friends directly. Library sharing gets some new filters, which will make it easier to select who — a partner, a parent, that uncle you only see at weddings and funerals — you automatically share photos with and which ones they get. The company is also using machine learning to help generate analog photo books that you can purchase. The feature will aggregate the photos it thinks are best from a given event or location, and put them together into hardcover ($20) and softcover ($9) tomes.
You can now use your Google Home to make phone calls to landlines and cell phones. Calls placed to the United States and Canada won’t cost you a thing. This new, hands-free feature only works for outbound calls. Google Home, unlike the Amazon Echo, does not currently support inbound calls. Calls are placed with a private number, but users will have the option to connect devices to their personal phone numbers. The feature is rolling out to U.S. Google Home users over the next few months.
7. Photo-sharing gets even easier.
8. Android O enters beta testing.
A few updates on Google’s latest Android operating system, Android O, which was officially announced two months ago. The system — which is currently only available in beta — offers new “fluid experiences,” designed to, as the name suggests, make the user experience feel more seamless. These include a new picture-in-picture feature for video calls, a twice-as-fast boot-up time as existing Android systems, and features to better monitor and save battery life. On a smaller scale, Android O will take a cue from iOS with “app badging” — a.k.a. those tiny, red numbers on your iPhone apps telling you how many notifications you have. There’s still no release date for the finished system, or formal name, for Android O. Android … O Henry?
10. Stand-alone Daydream VR headsets are on their way.
Google announced it’s developing a stand-alone VR headset to accompany its current headsets, which means you’ll be able to use the Daydream VR platform without needing to put your phone in front of your face. The devices are being built by HTC Vive and Lenovo, and will ship later this year. Google didn’t give much info about what they’ll look like, other than, you know, that they’ll go on your head and cover your eyes.
11. Google wants you to use AR to find a screwdriver at Lowe’s.
Using augmented-reality tech, Google’s new Visual Positioning System is designed to help people find their way indoors. Your Android phone will find “key visual feature points” and figure out where you are — like, say, wandering a home-improvement store looking for light bulbs — and use that information to help navigate you to the correct aisle and item. Google says this feature is working today and is a “core capability” of Google Lens.
Past behavior is not encouraging in this regard. In mid-February, Trump conducted meetings with international diplomats concerning a North Korean missile launch in the middle of the Mar-a-Lago dining room, in full view of club guests who documented it on social media. They also pointed their phones, and phone cameras, at the documents in order to read them using the device’s flashbulb. Using an unprotected network to compromise devices attached to it, and perform actions like eavesdropping, is remarkably easy.
Then again, maybe the president is fully aware of his lax cybersecurity; he might just be fatalistic about it. In 2014, he tweeted, “We will never have great national security in the age of computers — too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).”
It’s unclear whether Trump connects government technology to the unsecured networks on his properties, but the sheer breadth of opportunity available to bad actors should give the White House pause. As Trump continues to conduct his presidency from his private property, rather than government facilities, he’s opening himself up to attack.
For months, Trump’s wranglers have been trying to get him to drop his use of outmoded, unsecured devices, such as the Android phone from which he barfs out tweets. (It now seems that Trump has transitioned to a more secure iPhone. The tweets still suck though.)
A new report from ProPublica and Gizmodo offers up the unsurprising confirmation that our bumbling president is not very good at “the cyber.” Using wireless antennas, the reporters were able to detected poorly secured wireless networks and devices at four of President Trump’s properties, including Mar-a-Lago and his current operating base out of his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. They discovered “weak and open Wi-Fi networks, wireless printers without passwords, servers with outdated and vulnerable software, and unencrypted login pages to back-end databases containing sensitive information.”
Google I/O, Google’s yearly developer conference, has a checkered history. Traditionally, it’s been the site where Google has announced products that permanently changed the tech landscape: the Android OS in 2007, the Chrome OS in 2009, Google Drive in 2012. It’s also been the place where it’s shown off products that have, well, made less of a difference in the world: the short-lived social-messaging platform Google Wave, the orb-shaped Nexus Q, and — of course — the skydiving introduction of Google Glass in 2012, which arguably did change the world, by both ruining the public perception of augmented reality for a few years and giving us this beautiful picture of tech blogger Robert Scoble.
But recent years have seen the Mountain View company’s I/O conference become considerably calm. About as wild as it got today was some light Euro-trance playing as the crowd filtered in, and some confusion about whether there was enough almond milk for the coffee bar. Crazy stuff.
The Google — or, I should say, the Alphabet — of 2017 is a company that will release continuous updates to its existing products. Android N’s update to Android O looks impressive (even if some of its biggest innovations — like notification dots and the long press to bring up different app options — will be familiar to any iOS users). But it’s not a brand-new invention of Android itself.
The Google of the late aughts and the turn of the decade was a different company than it is now. In 2011, Google needed to gamble on Chrome OS and the future of netbooks. It had to create a mobile OS, and then it needed to attract developers to actually make apps for its nascent mobile OS. (Not to mention that all it would take for Google to suddenly lose a significant chunk of revenue would be Apple deciding to use a different search engine.) It had to take wild swings, because it could feel that some sort of sea change was happening in computing, and it wasn’t quite sure where that was.
But the Google of 2017 is a different company. Under senior vice-president Rick Osterloh, Google has made impressive efforts in creating high-quality home hardware that splits the difference between the harsh lines of Amazon’s efforts and Apple’s minimalist-at-all-costs approach, and the Pixel was one of the best phones released in the past 12 months.
Your Gmail will get slightly smarter with machine learning. Google Assistant now has a computer-visual function, Google Lens, that’ll be able to recognize everything from a lily to an SSID number. Machine learning itself is going to work its way into pretty much every area of Google — including many areas where the end consumer may never directly experience its benefit. It’s halved its error rate in voice recognition in phones, in a little under a year. Google is also bringing Google Assistant to the iPhone.
YouTube made a big push for your living room — and a play for live streaming, bringing out the Slow-Mo Guys to get pegged with water balloons for charity? (I may have dreamed this). Android Wear and Android Things continue to be things people can theoretically buy.
Google Home now allows for hands-free voice calling. Google Photos will using machine learning to search through your photos and suggest the best photos to share with friends and family, and even print out a paperback or hardback photo album.
Perhaps the biggest announcement was Android Go, a series of devices meant to run on less memory, storage space, and power. There’ll also be a Play Store meant to be use for the 512 KB to 1 GB of memory. It also puts users more in control of how much data they’re using — vital in countries where data charges can still be relatively pricey.
Chromebooks now own 60 percent of the education market, and Google was quick to point out that (unlike, perhaps, another recently announced OS aimed at the education market) they have a very well-developed app ecosystem.
Daydream support will also be coming to Samsung and LG phones (surprising, considering that Samsung sells its own competing VR mobile headset). But the real announcement was what it’s calling a “stand-alone” headset, which allows for free movement around a room. (Oculus has been showing a somewhat similar prototype called Santa Cruz, and Microsoft and Acer have their own version coming out — with a tether — this holiday season.) All of these products will be hitting the market in 2017.
But Google really wanted to show off Project Tango, its long-delayed device that allows for phones to scan 3-D space. The real appeal of this? You can use GPS to get you to, say, Target, and then use Tango to help you find the project you’re actually looking for in the store.
But it’s that Ruth Porat effect that really matters. Google is making long-term plays; it understands that the future is mobile, so it has to own mobile search. It understands that the future is machine learning, so it’s making aggressive plays to become the leader in machine learning — and integrating that machine learning into as many products as possible. Alphabet’s earnings reports have almost become boring. Apple and the other big-five tech companies can see their earnings swing back and forth, depending on market vagaries. Alphabet is slowly, somewhat dully, making a fortune, quarter after quarter. No skydivers in sight.
Most of the stuff I listed above is great. But none of these things would get mainstream front-page headlines the way Google Glass did. The new version of Android will allow for better functionality. A lot of machine-learning-enabled additions to Google Assistant will make it more useful. Android Go is a noble (and, of course, profit-driven) motive to get Android into even more users’ hands. (Google already claims 2 billion Android users worldwide.) Its virtual-reality and augmented plays are interesting, but it remains to be seen how it will all work out (Google’s first attempt has struggled out of the gate.)
But even more important for Alphabet was hiring CFO Ruth Porat — who was essentially brought in to rein in Alphabet’s worst tendencies of making big bets that didn’t pay off:
When you hear the word radicalization, what usually comes to mind is young people turning to Islamic fundamentalism. The internet has proven to be an effective platform for radicalization of this kind; ISIS has a host of YouTube channels, chat rooms, and Twitter accounts that are extremely effective at channeling the energy of disaffected and disenfranchised young people.
But the far right is doing virtually the same thing — and possibly even more effectively. In fact, a recent study shows that white-supremacist Twitter accounts have increased more than 600 percent since 2012, and outperform ISIS accounts by every possible metric. We’ve already seen the violence that can emerge from this trend: Dylann Roof and Elliot Rodger were both radicalized in online far-right communities before their respective shootings.
For the last six months, we’ve been researching how far-right groups, such as the alt-right, white nationalists, and men’s-rights activists manipulate the mainstream media to amplify their ideas and shape news narratives to their advantage. (You can read the report we produced here.) These communities gather on boards like 4chan and the Reddit clone Voat, where they collaboratively develop ideas and draw up messaging strategies. Then they use Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to popularize hashtags, spread talking points, and boost news stories coming from their favorite media figures.
A successful story is one that moves from far-right sites like Breitbart and Infowars to mainstream newspapers or cable news. If you’ve read this week’s conspiracy-mongering stories about the supposedly suspicious death of DNC employee Seth Rich — or if you’ve read in the past about the rise of White Student Unions on college campuses, or “Pizzagate” — you’ve seen the fruits of their efforts.
As internet and media scholars, we began this project focused on media manipulation and the spread of misinformation. But as we delved into these spaces, we noticed that one of the biggest trends taking place had been flying under the radar. And that is far-right radicalization.
They don’t call it radicalization, of course. They call it “taking the red pill.” This metaphor comes from The Matrix, where the protagonist, Neo, is offered a red pill or a blue pill by his mentor Morpheus. If Neo takes the blue pill, he goes back to his cubicle-dwelling, workaday life. If he takes the red pill, the reality of the Matrix is revealed to him.
“Red-pilling the normies” is a primary goal of far-right movements. They want to convert people — especially young men — to their way of thinking. What the red pill actually reveals depends on who’s offering it. To men’s-rights activists, being red-pilled means throwing off the yoke of popular feminism and recognizing that men, not women, are the oppressed group. To the alt-right, it means revealing the lies behind multiculturalism and globalism, and realizing the truth of isolationist nationalism. To conspiracy theorists, it may mean accepting the influence of the New World Order on society. To white supremacists, it means acknowledging that Jewish elites control the culture and are accelerating the destruction of the white race. Red-pilling is the far-right equivalent of consciousness-raising or, in today’s lingo, becoming “woke.”
The far right plays on a much broader dislike of “political correctness” among many young men who feel alienated from mainstream culture. These men may have a hard time finding like-minded friends in their day-to-day lives, or connecting with romantic partners. Some have economic challenges, and refer to themselves as “NEETS,” an acronym for “Not in Education, Employment, or Training.” As a result, they are often very resistant to the idea of “male privilege” or “white privilege,” as they don’t recognize themselves as privileged. In fact, they may see what economic and social capital they do have slipping away. These disillusioned men are perfect targets for radicalization, and it’s a surprisingly short leap from rejecting political correctness to blaming women, immigrants, or Muslims for their problems.
Thanks to the internet, these men are more accessible to the manipulations of extremists than ever before. Like radical Islamists, the far right has developed strategies that exploit the sweet spot between disillusionment and extremism. One of their main tactics is purposely diluting their most extreme views to woo a broader audience. The neo-Nazi blog the Daily Stormer hosts a “memetic Monday,” where community members create image macros designed to be shared on Facebook and Twitter; these images, which espouse ideas from the openly racist to the mainstream conservative, function as “gateway drugs” to more radical ideas.
It helps that the extremists are also extremely adept at making their ideas palatable, by using irony and humor. Internet trolls have been using racist and sexist language as a shock tactic for years, giving it a veneer of edgy irreverence. Actual hate groups can draw people in using humor, while also normalizing their most extreme ideas.
Countering the burgeoning far-right extremism is difficult. Extremists may be using new technologies, but any effective response will require tackling long-standing racist, xenophobic, and anti-Semitic beliefs. The movement is intrinsically linked to misogyny and investments in traditional masculinity, which aren’t disappearing anytime soon.
What concerns us most is that this radicalization seems to be spreading across the internet — and once groups have been red-pilled on one issue, they’re likely to be open to other extremist ideas. Online cultures that used to be relatively nonpolitical are beginning to seethe with racially charged anger. Some sci-fi, fandom, and gaming communities — having accepted run-of-the-mill anti-feminism — are beginning to espouse white-nationalist ideas. “Ironic” Nazi iconography and hateful epithets are becoming serious expressions of anti-Semitism.
This is a hard problem, but it needs to be examined head-on. Despite the clever memes and the shock content, embracing far-right beliefs isn’t edgy or rebellious or funny. It’s simply continuing a disgraceful and all-too-current thread of American history. And we must recognize it in order to effectively confront it.
However, given the similarities between far-right and Islamic radicalization, it’s worth examining the efforts by political scientists and counterterrorism experts to combat the latter. They recommend staying away from heavy content moderation (which fuels accusations of censorship), and instead crafting and spreading messages that speak to young men’s alienation and disenfranchisement, without using scapegoats. Since criticism from the mainstream media — or worse, the left — is easy to dismiss out of hand, former far-right extremists who’ve since rejected the red pill can be enlisted to provide counterexamples and point out inconsistencies in extremist worldviews.
Amid the many announcements made at today’s Google I/O conference — we’ve summed up the key points for you here — is one unexpectedly tragic death: Google quietly announced it is killing off its blob-shaped emoji in favor of a more, well, perfectly round set.
After seven years in a military prison, and out of brutalizing solitary confinement following multiple suicide attempts, pardoned whistle-blower Chelsea Manning finally walked out of prison today. And then she did what free, normal people do everywhere: She posted to Instagram.
She’s already posted two photos, and they’re, by a long shot, the most cheering and positive things on the internet in months. Even just the sheer, boring normalcy of them is more gratifying than one might expect. The first is of her “[f]irst steps of freedom!! 😄.”
The other is of a slice of pizza.
Maybe most gratifying of all are the uniformly positive, congratulatory comments. It’s just really nice.
The blob emoji were born just four short years ago. Designed and introduced at Google I/O 2013, the weird-shaped little yellow faces were the brainchildren of design agency IC4DESIGN. From there, they evolved, and the blob-shaped emoji faces got legs and arms, and hopped on snowboards and did the tango — rose in mouth included — across Gchats and Android phones. The blobs were Google’s thing. And, oh, how we loved them. Or, at least, tolerated them. By 2016, the blobs had fallen on hard times. As also noted by Emojipedia, Google bowed to Unicode recommendations and began making its human emoji like actual humans. Which left only the faces — the best emoji — styled as blobs. A design tweak last year meant the blobs became more like gumdrops, shorter and squatter than their predecessors. But still, they were blobs. Until today, the day the blob music died.
The change won’t fully take effect until Android O — which has yet to be given a formal name — is officially released. Google has not announced when that will be, though industry speculation is sometime this fall. At which point, the blob emoji will join Gchat in Google heaven, where their souls will, hopefully, finally be at peace.
The new emoji will arrive with Android O, Google’s latest operating system, which is currently in beta testing. The redesign, as noted by Emojipedia, will be fully compatible with Emoji 5.0. Which means users will finally get that breastfeeding mom, and the elf, and the hedgehog, and a whole bunch of new foods and weirdly mythical stuff. But the blobs will be no more. And so, we must mourn them.
Musical.ly, a video app popular with the teen set, is sort of a quiet giant in the social-media world. It raised $100,000,000 in funding last year; back then, the platform’s user numbers boasted 70 million registered and 10 million daily active users. (These numbers have likely only gone up.) The platform has stars — Baby Ariel is among the biggest — and fandoms; but if you’re not an active app user — which is to say, if you’re not a teen — you probably aren’t seeing many Musical.ly videos floating through your News Feed. Until today.
@IsaiahXavier10 has dozens of similarly charming and well-executed clips on his Musical.ly account, but this video, as far as Musical.ly videos go, is damn near perfect. Excellent hand choreography — any teen will tell you that the art of Musical.ly is all about the hands. Perfectly synced lyrics. Transitions so smooth, they make your head hurt. It’s no wonder the clip has moved from @IsaiahXavier10’s app account to getting thousands of retweets and faves on Twitter. (Even M-City J.r. shared the clip.) Musical.ly users everywhere should take note. The bar has been set.
A video from user @IsaiahXavier10 has made the leap from the youthful lip-syncing Musical.ly to freebooted viral success. The clip features Isaiah lip-syncing to “Addicted to My Ex” by M-City J.r., and it is really — well, just watch it.
In its monthly open meeting today, the Federal Communications Commission adopted a notice of proposed rulemaking, the first step in Chairman Ajit Pai’s attempt to deregulate the internet and give greater control to internet-service providers. The three commissioners voted two to one along party lines.
The FCC now begins a months-long process of deliberation over the Open Internet Order, and we should expect plenty of fervent campaigning from both stances. On one side is the telecom industry, which would like a green light to favor their own services, or ones that pay a premium, over standard web traffic. On the other side is basically everyone else, from individual internet users and small businesses all the way up to giants like Google and Facebook, which rely on net-neutrality principles to operate, and to cultivate small start-ups that might yield important technological innovations.
Pai’s argument against the 2015 order that classified ISPs as utility providers under Title II is that the FCC is the wrong government body for ensuring fair practices. He’d much rather punt regulation over to the Federal Trade Commission, which enforces violations through lawsuits, or have Congress pass legislation enshrining net neutrality in law. During the meeting, Democratic commissioner Mignon Clyburn pushed back against Pai’s legal gymnastics, saying that they “would deeply damage the ability of the FCC to be a champion of consumers and competition.”
If there’s anything hopeful about this whole situation, it’s that the widespread outcry over internet freedom might sink Chairman Pai’s attempts completely. As Vice points out, there are a number of credible legal challenges that can be leveled against the commission, rooted in laws prohibiting “capricious” rulemaking. On top of that, the usually five-member body currently only has three, and the empty seats will likely be unfilled for a while (the Trump admin is kinda busy). Should Clyburn leave at the end of June, the body will lack a quorum to vote on the rollback. Nevertheless, the body forges on.
Voat — the Reddit clone populated mostly by alt-right trolls and reactionaries — is, in all likelihood, shutting down. According to a post from one of the site’s two employees, Justin Chastain, the costs of hosting and maintaining the site are no longer tenable, and the site’s users should prepare for “the possibility of a closure.” Voat currently costs upwards of $6,000 to host.
Voat’s probable shutdown is at once surprising and not, coming in the midst of a cultural moment in which appetite for right-wing media and discussion has never been stronger, and those with the purse strings have never felt more empowered. Along with Voat, free-speech — and, subsequently, hate-speech — havens like Gab.ai have cropped up. But Voat hasn’t been able to secure funding, its assets (read: users) are still too toxic for many advertisers and tech investors. It’s not the only one — Hiroyuki Nishimura, the current owner of 4chan, has warned that the original toxic image board may soon need to be shut down.
Launched in the wake of one of Reddit’s many crackdowns on offensive or illegal content, Voat was one of the first in a line of platforms espousing free speech above all else. So long as it wasn’t technically illegal, site users could create toxic discussion hubs with names like /v/FatPeopleHate and /v/CoonTown (both re-creations of forums wiped from Reddit), and a lot of niche forums devoted to erotica, like /v/girlsinyogapants. It built a small community — but, perhaps because it lacked the number of victims necessary for trolling to be rewarding, never really took off.
Voat users are taking the sudden announcement as an opportunity to start a pledge drive, suggesting that the site solicit small donations from users, a profitable model for smaller media operations. But aside from that, independent websites still need to get money from somewhere, and corporate liberalism, for all its many faults, still seems to have some influence over which web communities live and die. It’s possible that through community support, Voat can be saved, but even in today’s political climate, that’s not a foregone conclusion.
As the lawsuit between Google-owned self-driving-car company Waymo and Uber lumbers on, things continue to look, well, not great for Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the heart of the case. (Levandowski allegedly stole trade secrets and data from Google, and brought them to Uber in 2016.) Earlier this week, a judge banned him from working on anything related to LiDAR technology, and ordered Uber to return the stolen Waymo files. Then later this week, Uber’s general counsel, Salle Yoo, sent Levandowski a letter, the New York Times reports. “We insist that you do everything in your power to assist us in complying with the order,” the letter said.
Last year, Google released a tool called Quick, Draw! that looked sort of like Pictionary, but was really a tool for training neural networks. It would ask users to draw something, and then run it through the neural network to see if machines could identify whatever was drawn.
The way neural networks operate is that they need to be “trained.” That means feeding them a lot of pre-classified data. The thinking goes that after showing a computer 100,000 pictures of a dog, it will be able to spot dogs in pictures on its own, through pattern recognition.
This week, Google released a trove of data that it collected from Quick, Draw! — useful for training networks, identifying geographic trends (each drawing is tagged by country), and doing other weird stuff. On Google’s site, you can watch as each simple sketch is created in real time, all at once.
Here’s a bunch of cats.
Here are a few stereos.
Lastly, a bunch of wimpy Eiffel Towers.
There are millions of other drawings on the site, so feel free to click around there.
Prior to this letter, Levandowski’s actual involvement in the suit has been minimal, since the company, not him, is being sued. He pleaded the Fifth to avoid self-incrimination and stepped away from LiDAR projects voluntarily, prior to the court order. “If you do not agree to comply with all of the requirements set forth herein, or if you fail to comply in a material manner, then Uber will take adverse employment action against you, which may include termination of your employment,” Yoo’s letter also said. What happens next, it seems, will determine Levandowski’s fate at Uber.
While out in Mountain View, I got a few minutes to sit down with Nathaniel Fairfield, principal software engineer at Waymo. While we couldn’t touch on the truly juicy stuff — the ongoing lawsuit between Waymo and Uber, and Waymo’s recent partnership with Uber competitor Lyft — it was a fascinating look at a field of self-driving cars, a discipline that’s come incredibly far in just a little over a decade. (Remember that it was just 12 years ago that a self-driving car was even able to complete the DARPA Grand Challenge course.)
So what do you do at Waymo? [Laughs.] Good question. I’m a principal software engineer, and I started all the way back in 2009, and I’ve worked on a lot of different things over the course of time — traffic-light detection, and some more experimental projects.
How long have you been with this actual project? I know Waymo’s been through more name changes than Prince, but were you always with Waymo? No, I’ve been with this project — I came here to do this project, and I’ve been with this project the whole time.
Were you involved in the DARPA challenges in the mid-aughts? I wasn’t. I was at Carnegie Mellon, so I was adjacent to those folks, but I was working on underwater robots and other things like that, but then washed up here because, ultimately, what I want to do is robots fending for themselves. Underwater is like that, too, because the robots can’t communicate, so they’re off by themselves. This was an opportunity to do this for real, across the board, and really have a big, positive impact on people’s lives.
What I do now, I’m onboard software — there’s a lot of stuff off-board, but onboard there are kind of two big pieces. One is the perception piece where you’re figuring out a model of the world around you. So you’re using the lasers, radars, and cameras to detect the traffic lights, pedestrians, and cars, and all of that stuff. And then there’s the map that we’ve built. Combine all together, you get a model of what is going on.
And then you still need to make decisions — so that involves the route you’re gonna take, the actual tactical trajectory you’re gonna take: Am I gonna slow down, turn on my turn blinkers, or maybe even honk at somebody? And then control, which is, How do I actually move the steering wheel?
And all of this is taking place in the car itself — there’s almost no data connection required for all this tech to work, correct? Yeah. The main reason it’s really simple is that many decisions have to happen really fast — you can’t relay communications off-board; your cell phone could go into a dead spot or something like that. You need to be able to be smart enough onboard the car to make all the really important decisions.
How do I not slam on the brakes? Right, How do I not slam on the brake? Because a stop sign is different. If you’re stopping for a traffic light, chances are you’re stopping for a while. For a stop sign, you actually use a different braking profile. You wanna get up to the sucker, get your turn, and go. So if you’re trying to figure stuff like that, you might take a bunch of data that you’ve collected and figure out from that data what the right parameters are to use. So the car isn’t in effect figuring that in the moment, but you’re using all that accumulated experience.
Was it always the case from the beginning that the majority of this tech had to be built right into the car? All the critical safety stuff had to be onboard. But just to be clear: An awful lot does happen off-board, because we can get all the data from cars, and we can use that to teach them all kinds of good stuff. If you’re trying to figure, Hey, what’s the right braking profile when coming to a stop sign? What’s natural and communicates to other drivers?
So when you talk about recovering fairly well — what does that actually look like as a user? Does that mean I take control of the car?No, no. In this case, it means the car itself in cases of uncertainty. We talk a lot about this, in terms of “falling back gracefully.” If something is confusing and then you do something completely arbitrary or unpredictable, that’s really bad. But in these cases, you can say, Wait a minute. There’s a line of cones here; I thought I was supposed to be on this side of it, but actually, I need to be on the other side. It’s not really that complicated.
What are some of the edge cases that have really surprised you, where “I would never have expected to throw our perception model off”?Oh, that’s an interesting question. We drive a lot. So we see a lot of the interesting things where we as humans, at first blush — like, I’m a little confused by these things. Like, you’ll see a series of cones laid down, and you think, Are you supposed to go on this side of the cones? Or that side of the cones? People get this wrong all the time. Sometimes, the world is just fundamentally a little ambiguous. And what you need to do is not try to get it perfectly right 100 percent of the time, because that’s actually not really feasible. What you have to do is accommodate other people going down the wrong way, and you yourself have to recover fairly well when you realize, Oh, wait, I’m supposed to be on that side.
We have this whole built-in semantics of what we see on the road. You and I see a bicyclist, and we understand it’ll behave differently than a pedestrian, and they’re gonna act differently than a car. An older person might act differently crossing the street than a younger person crossing the street. How do you train a model for that? I think the real answer is that you don’t have to split things down into superfine categories. You mentioned bicyclists, pedestrians, automobiles — I would add motorcycles and large trucks. Those are some very major, very clearly different categories where you expect those agents to behave substantially different. If you see someone who’s elderly, you and I might try to figure out how their behavior is different, but really, in terms of your reaction as a driver to them, it shouldn’t change.
So then the answer to how do you model how a cyclist or a pedestrian behaves? You look at a lot of data and figure out how they work, and then start to make probabilistic models. That’s the perception side, to figure out probabilistic models for what they’re gonna do. They’re looking like they might cross the street; okay, then it seems likely they’re gonna cross the street. They’re not looking at the street — they’re looking in another direction altogether; they’re probably not gonna cross the street. But it’s all probabilities there.
So to take it back, the hardware you can fit in a car is a lot more complex than what I can put in my phone — you’re talking about modeling the body stance of someone at a crosswalk. That’s a relatively complicated problem to solve for. Well, just to be clear: We’re not trying to be omniscient here. The point is, neither are humans. I might not realize that someone is standing on the corner of this street, and the state of their thinking, and what exactly their plan is. But we have evolved a series of signals and indications that — like, when someone is standing right on the curb, then they probably mean to cross. But if you’re standing back a little bit, you’re probably not. You see human drivers make this judgment back and forth every day. I’m certainly very conscious of it when I’m driving now.
From the planning perspective, what you do is be a little cautious here. Let me just slow down a little. Let’s get a little closer. Let’s see if everyone is really gonna cross the street or not, instead of blasting past at full speed. The closer we get to that intersection, the better idea we have of what’s going on, because their intentions become clearer, and your intentions become a lot clearer.
It’s almost that autonomic sense of like, I don’t even really think about it in my forebrain — it’s just like, of course when I see someone in the middle of the crosswalk, of course I’m going to slow down. I mean, we have a whole theory developed about this — you are intuitively, and maybe subconsciously, pulling out some of the elements of uncertainties. You’re not sure what the situation is until you take actions. We can actually reason about those, and we’re designing a system in that same way — we’re more explicit about that uncertainty, because we’re sitting there tracking exactly to the centimeter where they are and what direction they’re going. But it does mean — pedestrian over here, pedestrian over there — the car is capable of things a human with a single head isn’t really able to do.
It’s not unique to the car, I guess is what I’m saying. There are no particular magical subtleties that you have to pick up — it’s the same signals that human drivers use, that human pedestrians use, to communicate back and forth. We need to make sure we react conservatively — and the nice thing about the car is, it doesn’t miss anything.
Less of a nice drive. Yeah, and it took like four hours. But in the course of doing these days, we learned what was easy, what was harder, and what’s challenging and what’s not. In those days, it was much more of a simpler system: “Hey, there’s something kinda coming down toward me, I’m gonna slow down and brake.” There wasn’t a lot of nuance or depth to it.
So one of the things that was really challenging in those days was, you’d come up to an unprotected interaction — in other words, there was cross traffic coming. Like, as a person, if you can see something, obviously you don’t go. But if you can’t see something, what does that mean? We didn’t really have this model of occlusion. What we would do is say, “Okay, we don’t see anything, so we’re gonna go.” And if there was another car coming the other way, then the human driver would take control and prevent something bad from happening.
So you’ve been working on this for nearly a decade. Was there a problem that you had real difficulty in solving that now just seems almost easy. Oh, yeah, so when we first started, there were these ten challenging routers, about 100 miles each, and you had to drive them completely — start to finish — without touching the wheel. And we didn’t really know what was possible. So there had been some interesting research in self-driving cars and the DARPA Grand Challenges, but no one knew if you could really push it all the way there. We dove into those problems. We drove all five bridges of the Bay Area and then down through Tiburon.
Nice drive. There was one other that went from San Jose to San Francisco on El Camino.
A sneak peek. Or if there was a truck next to you, maybe you should wait until the truck gets out of your way before you decide to cross the intersection. So now we have this whole model of occlusions, and can use that to steer our sensors to get the most performance out of that.
There were two problems there: The human was effectively able to double-check, and they were correcting for the fact that we didn’t know what we didn’t know. So if there was a big bush right at the intersection and you couldn’t see, wouldn’t it be nice if the car would just look a little further. That’s what humans do.
It used to be a certain company’s motto, they don’t use it any more, but it was “move fast and break things.” Obviously, you can’t do that when building a self-driving car. How much did you have to err on the side of caution when working on this?Let me try to pin that down a bit. The reason people are so excited to work here and work so hard is — I mean, you know the stats: 1.25 million people die every year worldwide in auto accidents. That’s one 737 falling out of the sky every hour, every day. Click. Click. Click. And 94 percent of those are due to human mistakes. That’s why we’re here; that’s why we want to do this. So to be cavalier about safety would subvert that whole mentality. So our culture from the get-go has been a culture of safety and the importance of that.
So that was a case where the car could kind of do interactions, but it didn’t have the depth; it didn’t have an understanding of its own limitations. Once you have that, you’re not done because you need to evolve a set of behaviors to work around those limitations. So nowadays, there’s still some really nasty blind interactions, but there are things you can do to make them robust and correct in a fundamental way.
Now that said, I once worked on a project called Paranoid Planner, which only goes as fast as it can go and be completely certain nothing bad will happen. Do you know how fast it will go?
Uh … It can’t move. The only safe speed is stop. But realistically, you can’t drive completely inert. So there is some trade-off and some subtlety there, where you try to find a reasonable rate where they can drive — where they’re really being cautious and being safer than I might be when I’m driving myself around. That’s really the objective; that’s how we think about it.
To make sure that the process we have as a company and a group of people, as we’re doing, we’re exploring these spaces and figuring this stuff — the degree of validation we do to make sure there aren’t some weird corner cases going on in simulations, real-world courses — before we push something out into the world. All of those things contribute to an argument that was used, “Are we we being safe enough?” We do have a sense of needing to move fast. Those airplanes are falling out of the sky, and you’re thinking, We need to get this out the door.
So you guys recently rolled out some of your first real public testing; you’re putting people in production models. What have you learned? How has having these self-driving cars on all day altered these families’ behavior? So the early rider program is really, really interesting because what we’re doing is exploring that space and seeing how people use them — how they like to use them, what time of day, what places they like to use them — all those generic patterns that really let us figure out what it’s gonna be like ahead of time. We still have safety drivers in the car, to be clear. But we’re starting to get a little bit of evidence as to what people are going to care about.
I may just be going off the videos you guys put out, but it seems that these are very much not geared toward what other ride-hailing services are offering, which is more nightlife — going out at night, meeting up with friends. The Waymo videos are much more about soccer practice, taking the kids to school, and picking them back up from school. Is that intentional? Oh, we’re definitely thinking about that. I mean, we’re thinking about all the other ones, too — it’s kind of obvious to go after the bar scene and all that. But that’s different than what we’re looking at doing. We have these cars that can drive themselves. Many of the models you could imagine — a service, a car shared among a family or a small group of people — whatever combination of those things might work. What really matters, ultimately, is how are people using them, and what do they like, and what possibilities are opened by self-driving cars, and how does that affect people’s choices? That’s what we’re really trying to figure out.
It’s really interesting to get these other people’s perspective — to get these fresh eyes on the whole thing. That’s really been what most of this stuff that we’ve been exploring, and the information that we’ve been working to gather, has been about.
As the WannaCry ransomware continues to spread — albeit more slowly now — across the internet, security researchers are discovering more about the malware’s impact. New data from Kaspersky Lab today determines that more than 60 percent of computers infected were running Windows 7, countering the theory that the virus spread mainly across older, unsupported systems like Windows XP or Vista.
The Windows 7 majority is unsurprising, given the operating system’s ubiquity. Far fewer people have newer, less vulnerable operating systems such as Windows 10 (though Windows 8 owners received a free upgrade when it came out).
But statistical insignificance doesn’t fully cover WannaCry’s impact. For instance, if one of those few XP machines is operating a vital service on Britain’s NHS system, that arguably has far greater implications than 100 Windows 7 users losing family photos. So newer Microsoft operating systems might have caused the spread, but the highest-value targets, like the NHS system, are still running on legacy software.
What is particularly interesting is how few computers running Windows XP were infected — so few, in fact, that Kaspersky deemed those machines statistically insignificant.
(Parts of this interview have been edited and condensed.)
Following months of falling stock prices, Ford Motor Company CEO Mark Fields has been removed from his position. He was CEO for three years — during which Ford shares fell by 40 percent — and will, according to the New York Times, be replaced by fellow Ford executive, Jim Hackett. Ford confirmed the change on its website Monday morning.
The changeup, also reported by the New York Times, follows a recent meeting in which Fields was criticized by investors and board members for the company’s dropping numbers and failure to stay competitive against others in the industry, like Tesla.
Prior to today, Hackett’s focus at Ford was on autonomous vehicles and ride sharing. He was chairman of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, a subsidiary of Ford working on “the company’s plans to design, build, grow and invest in emerging mobility services.” He held the position for a little over a year prior to today’s promotion. Before that, Hackett was CEO of an international office-furniture company for two decades, and served as interim director of athletics at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. (Hackett played football there during his college years.)
From the Times:
It appears, now, that instead of helping the company keep one foot in the future, Mark Fields will have one foot, and then two, out the door.
Over the weekend, The Guardian published Facebook’s extensive internal guidelines for graphic and violent posts on the social network. The rule book has been, until now, secret for two primary reasons. The first is that by knowing the rules, they become easier for users to skirt around. The second reason is that Facebook is, and has always been, a company reluctant to admit that it needs thousands of human eyeballs to monitor the billions of posts made on the platform every day.
Spelled out in explicit detail, the guidelines can seem downright callous. They state what to do — or not do — when moderators are confronted with death threats, violent videos, posts celebrating other violent content, and attempts to self-harm (among many other possible scenarios). As summarized by The Guardian:
In succinct form, the guidelines can sound galling. At the same time, Facebook knows what any regular internet user quickly picks up on: “People commonly express disdain or disagreement by threatening or calling for violence in generally facetious and unserious ways.” It’s easier to fire off threats from behind the veil of anonymity or pseudonymity than it is to say the same thing directly to someone’s face. Context matters.
And yet, what is Facebook supposed to do? For months, Facebook has been struggling with how to determine context. Last October, it was taken to task by a Norwegian newspaper, which had been penalized for uploading the infamous “napalm girl” photo from the Vietnam War. As the company admitted in a blog post at the time, “Whether an image is newsworthy or historically significant is highly subjective. Images of nudity or violence that are acceptable in one part of the world may be offensive — or even illegal — in another. Respecting local norms and upholding global practices often come into conflict.”
Facebook still seems determined to construct a single global community of nearly 2 billion people with differing cultures and standards. In February, Mark Zuckerberg published a meandering, 6,000-word “manifesto” about the issue, stating that he wants to make Facebook the global communication layer between vastly differing cultures and governments.
When presented with Facebook’s ultimate goal of uniting the world, and looking at the rules as impartially as one of the company’s many content moderators might, what other choice does Facebook have except to be as permissible as is legally possible? (It should be noted that Twitter and Reddit had similarly laissez-faire models for this stuff.) The company is famously hesitant about acknowledging its need for human moderators to exert even minimal editorial control over the platform, and in his manifesto, Zuckerberg wrote of replacing them with artificial intelligence. That won’t happen anytime soon, and in the meantime, the company is hiring another 3,000 people to monitor the network for video of murders and suicides.
At the heart of Facebook’s moderation dilemma is the News Feed, the algorithmically ranked bundle of posts that is newly calculated every time you load it up. News Feed is architected in a way that encourages cross-pollination between different communities — just one user clicking “Like” on a video may cause it to appear in the feeds of dozens of their friends. Sharing is meant to be as frictionless as possible, because more sharing means more data to put to use for advertising purposes. That ease of sharing, even indirectly, is what makes Facebook’s social network so powerful, and so perilous.
But, because of how powerful News Feed distribution is, we’re still years away from a world in which you don’t see graphic content and violent threats go viral across the network. The good news is that their eradication is not out of the realm of possibility.
As users continue to migrate to more private forms of sharing (ephemeral sharing like Snapchat or group DMs), and as the News Feed continues to wither on the vine, Facebook’s moderation problem could gradually fix itself. In his manifesto, Zuckerberg wrote that one of the keys to building his globalist megacommunity was enhancing the Groups product — in other words, his big community is actually a conglomeration of millions of tiny, semi-private ones. Many of these closed groups, even the largest ones, have posting guidelines stricter than Facebook’s baseline, enabling them to effectively self-police in private (and reciprocally, groups focusing on objectionable content cannot spread their posts so easily). As fully public sharing decreases, and as users migrate to more intimate online spaces, the need to enforce strict global guidelines lessens.
Of the many bizarre happenings on Donald Trump’s ongoing trip to Saudi Arabia, perhaps none is stranger than an intimate — save for plenty of photographers documenting — moment when Saudi Arabia’s king Salman and Egypt’s president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, along with Trump, placed their hands on a glowing orb at the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology. (Melania Trump, standing just behind her husband, did not, it appears, get to touch it.) It’s a weird enough image on its own, but add Trump looking like the globe is both granting him a wish — a third scoop of ice cream, perhaps — and allowing him to peer into the future, and it’s meme-worthy. So, without further explanation, mostly because all I’ve got is … it’s an orb, Select All is proud to present some of our favorite selections from Orb Twitter.
All hail orb.
On Saturday, a horse named Cloud Computing won the Preakness Stakes, overcoming 12-to-1 odds, beating Classic Empire by a nose and ruining the Triple Crown chances of Kentucky Derby winner Always Dreaming. Cloud Computing takes his name from the technological concept of “cloud computing,” storing data in remote servers connected to the internet, rather than locally on one’s device. It’s most evident to consumers in products like Dropbox and Google Drive.
Chad Brown, Cloud Computing’s trainer, said after the race, “It’s unbelievable. A lot of teamwork.” That’s not so different from cloud-computing technology, in which networked servers and clients send packets of data back and forth.
If you didn’t #DeleteUber and live in New York City, the company is rolling out a few changes today. Namely, an update to a previous change made last year that required all UberPool pickups to happen on street corners to save time. Now, UberPool pickups in New York will happen on street corners, past a traffic light, on the right-hand side of the street. Stopping before a traffic light, Uber explained on its blog, “can be stressful for drivers, especially if they have an upcoming turn.” In theory, this means a driver could pick up several different passengers along a single avenue, Uber also noted, and never change lanes or make a turn.
Going by the horse’s Preakness times — 1.1875 miles in 115.98 seconds — Cloud Computing ran at an average pace of 36.85 miles per hour. The distance from the New York Magazine offices to Los Angeles as the crow flies is roughly 2,446 miles, according to Google Maps.
So assuming that Cloud Computing maintains his Preakness speed, he would reach Los Angeles in a little over 66 hours.
I emailed a friend in Los Angeles, from New York’s offices in lower Manhattan (both of us were using Google’s webmail service, which qualifies as “cloud computing” because messages are stored on remote servers and not client-side). According to the metadata of the email, I sent it at 1:54:35 p.m., and Google reports that it was “Delivered after 0 seconds.” Her reply, sent at 1:55:58 p.m., is described as “Delivered after 1 second.”
Let’s be forgiving and use the response time as our data set. An email from a friend in Los Angeles traveled to my computing device in Manhattan in one second.
Let’s recap. According to my calculations, it would take Cloud Computing 66 hours (237,600 seconds) to trot from New York to Los Angeles or vice versa. It took an email, traveling across Google’s cloud-computing network, one second to do the same.
In the race between horse and machine, the machine wins! Better luck next year, horse!
According to math: 1 second < 237,600 seconds.
But, was Cloud Computing, the horse, faster than cloud computing, the technology? Let’s find out!
Uber has also tweaked its algorithm to help drivers avoid congested areas and cut down on turns per mile by 20 percent. (We’ll see!) Drop-off points will also shift for riders, even once they’re in the car. “Rather than give riders a drop-off spot right when they request a POOL, we recalculate the best drop-off spot every few seconds when they are nearing their destination,” Uber explained. These changes are taking effect in New York today. Can’t wait to see what “woke” changes UberPool competitor Lyft Line comes up with in response.
Last night, an explosion at England’s Manchester Arena killed at least 22 people and left nearly 60 injured. The bomb, which has since been claimed by ISIS, went off following an Ariana Grande concert. Police believe the man who set off the bomb also died on the scene. The explosion occurred around 10:30 p.m., just after Grande had finished her set. Videos from the arena show streams of people — including many young girls and their mothers — screaming and running for the exits.
Following the show, people took to social-media platforms, like Twitter, to try to track down loved ones. (In some cases, this worked and was a nice reminder of the goodness of humanity amid a tragedy.) Grande, who was unharmed and has reportedly canceled the rest of her tour, however, didn’t comment on the attack for several hours. In that time, a photo of her — covered in dirt, face streaked with blood, and clutching her clothes and a purse — began circulating online. It’s fake, a years-old paparazzi photo from Grande’s work on Scream Queens.
Grande is safe, was unharmed in the blast, and will reportedly be suspending the European leg of her Dangerous Woman tour. Later on Monday evening, the singer tweeted an apology to fans for what happened at Manchester arena, describing herself as “broken.”
Facebook Live is good for a few things. Exploding watermelons, watching half-dressed Naval Academy freshman climb a lard-covered obelisk, and thrusting a Chewbacca-mask-wearing mom to viral fame from the parking lot of a Kohl’s, to name a few. Since it’s launch back in 2015, we’ve seen a pretty marked push from the company to get people to “go live” and stream videos via the platform. Today, Facebook adds a few new features that it hopes will do just that. Users will now be able to livestream simultaneously with another person in a dual broadcast, and coming later this year, everyone will be getting a private-chat feature built directly into Facebook Live.
The benefits of a system that automatically marks posts of a certain age as private are obvious. Social networks get ad-targeting data, and users get peace of mind knowing that the person they were six months or three years ago isn’t just floating out there in digital space waiting to be discovered.
Every social network should have one of these functions, something that allows you to hide old, potentially embarrassing posts from other users, while not wiping them out entirely. Have you ever gone deep into your Facebook archives to look at old posts from high school and college? It’s terrifying.
Ephemeral, 24-hour stories are meant to encourage users to share more and more often, knowing that there is an expiration date. Facebook might further solve the continued decrease in original content on its platform by ensuring users that their posts will, after a time, be for their eyes only. The concept of an archive should be applied to every social network — media gets put into a private vault after a certain period of time.
Certain users on Twitter have taken to setting their tweets to automatically delete after a short period of time, so as to avoid leaving a years-long digital paper trail. The company has a manual archive function, but that’s not quite the same. As John Herrman observed at the Awl, “Time is a privacy setting.”
Instagram now allows users to archive their posts, according to TechCrunch. In a change currently rolling out to users, opening the additional options menu (the three dots at the top right of any post) will allow users to make individual posts private. It’s a smart option for users — who are continually struggling to deal with all of the social-media cruft they’ve generated over the years — and for Instagram, which needs to retain data in order to sell ads more effectively.
If you’re a big Facebook Live user, the dual-broadcast feature might sound familiar. It rolled out to celebrities and public figures last year. Starting today, everybody on iOS will be able to use it. (Now, you and a friend in a different state can race to see whose watermelon explodes first.) “To invite a friend to join you in your Live video, simply select a guest from the Live Viewers section, or tap a comment from the viewer you want to invite,” Facebook explained in a release. “Your viewer can then choose whether or not to join your broadcast.” Two-person Live videos can be streamed either as a side-by-side video or as a picture-in-picture video.
According to Facebook, people comment over ten times more on Live broadcasts than they do on standard videos. The chat feature aims to get people engaging with the platform even more, but doing so only with the select people they actually want to see their commentary. (Read: Only your friends seeing you write “YAY HAMILTON!” during a broadcast from Broadway.) Which seems handy enough, I guess, as somebody who typically strays away from commenting during Live videos because of the wide audience. From Facebook:
The chat feature is currently being tested in several countries. Facebook says we can expect a wider rollout later this summer. In the meantime, you’ll have to stick to mocking Live videos in group chat in a separate window on your computer screen.
While its competitors — cough, cough, Instagram — continue to copy most everything it does, Snapchat is keeping busy trying to stay novel. And while that backfires sometimes, today’s newest addition to the app seems like it’ll actually be handy. Starting today, Snapchat users can contribute to communal Custom Stories. Custom Stories will let users select who can contribute and who is able to see the story. Stories can also be geofences to a specific location, like if you’re at a music festival and only want other people who are also there to see and add to your story. Stories expire 24 hours after the last snap is added to them.
Ignoring the fact that Snapchat’s promo for Custom Stories looks like something out of the Fyre Festival video playbook — female models in swimsuits having a blast among beautiful scenery — Snapchat seems to have a great idea of how users will actually use this feature. Now, instead of badgering your friends to send you photos and videos — or taking screenshots with the countdown-clock icon in the upper-right-hand corner — you’ll all contribute to a Custom Story, like a big, animated scrapbook of your vacation, birthday party, or group trip to the dentist. And when you’re done, you’ll be able to more easily save that scrapbook to your phone.
Only a Custom Story’s creator will be able to save the entire story to their phone; contributors will be able to save the content they submit personally, but not the entire collection of submitted snaps. Which means you’ll have to agree ahead of time who is going to create the Custom Story, and if that’s not you, make them promise to send it over when all is said and done. Still, it seems easier than nagging half a dozen people for photos and videos you’ll probably never actually receive. (Google recently announced a photo feature designed to curb this issue at its annual I/O conference.) Custom Stories are available to all users today.
For it’s latest marathon, Twitch is in the midst of streaming all 886 episodes of Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood, the beloved PBS staple. Twitch marathons often let Twitch’s streaming community put its own spin on cultural staples, like Bob Ross’s Joy of Painting or Julia Child’s cooking tutorials. Filtering anything, including last year’s presidential conventions, through Twitch’s hectic, mile-a-minute chat is a weirdly engaging way to watch pretty much anything.
With a few days still left to go, Twitch announced today that more than 4.4 million people have tuned in to the stream. As of now, the community has raised just slightly less than $20,000 for public broadcasting, which faces cuts under the new presidential administration. More than 300 people have also called in to share their thoughts on Mister Rogers, with messages being played in between episodes.
You can check out the stream below.
Few people are as pure and good on Twitter dot com as Cher. As in, the woman who taught us all to believe in life after love. That Cher. Her tweets are consistent beacons of spirited joy, unabashed honesty, and, well, occasional nonsense-speak. This week, Cher has decided to educate her nearly 3.5 million followers. Her subject of choice? The tiny pictographs that so often color her stream-of-consciousness tweets. Welcome, friends, to Cher’s Emoji School. Please take your seats. Class is now in session.
Hope you have been paying attention. This will all be on the midterm.
She followed up with another set of translations. While “Cold Chick” and “Ice Queen” make sense, her secondary use of the palm tree as a stand-in for “Bitch” seems a little off. Still, it seems safe to assume that if Cher is invoking the palm tree, she’s not inviting you on a vacation.
On Monday evening, an explosion at Manchester Arena in England killed at least 22 people and injured dozens more. The incident — which has since been claimed by ISIS and the suicide bomber identified as 22-year-old Salman Abedi — happened after an Ariana Grande concert. Following the bombing, people flocked to social media to try to help reunite missing people — many of the concertgoers were teenage girls — with their families and friends. Except, as first spotted by the Washington Post, many of the photos being shared, mostly in composite collages, weren’t of lost concertgoers. Instead, several included pictures of internet celebrities, YouTubers, and even the founder of 4chan.
Blizzard announced a new limited-time community event for Overwatch this week, in celebration of the one-year anniversary of the game’s release. Events in the multiplayer shooter always come with new, rare loot that can take the form of cosmetic skins, vocal lines, and emotes — animations that can be used to taunt other players.
Players are already noticing some extremely niche references, such as one Zarya move that comes straight out of the 1988 Crystal Light National Aerobic Championship.
For those of you who don’t remember, the bonkers dance video, which appears to have been choreographed by a sentient pile of cocaine, went viral back in 2010 for the aforementioned cocaine reasons. Only true meme experts (i.e., the Overwatch target audience) remember. You can watch the full thing below.
Several of the people whose photos were co-opted for the hoax have since spoken out, letting followers know the truth. John, the teenage host and food critic behind Report of the Week, posted a video entitled “I Am Alive” and offered his sympathies to the victims of the Manchester bombing. He notes that he was in the United States during the attack.
YouTuber EvaDeMetal started her own hashtag, #PrayForEva, when she discovered that her photo was included among the “missing.” Which is not a great joke to make amid a terrorist attack that claimed the lives of an 8-year-old and 21 others. (Though it was certainly not the worst “joke” made regarding Monday’s attack. Congrats to David Leavitt of Boston for that one.) Other fake missing people included a young boy with autism and a journalist from the Daily Beast. Only three of the victims of the attack have been officially identified so far.
Another piece of fake news regarding Ariana Grande also circulated following the attack. A photo of Grande — covered in dirt and with cheeks smeared in blood — popped up on Twitter on Monday evening. The image was a paparazzi photo from two years back, on the set of Scream Queens. Grande was not harmed in the blast and has reportedly suspended the rest of her Dangerous Woman tour in Europe.
Since February, former White House photographer — he spent eight years documenting the Obamas — Pete Souza has used his Instagram presence to relive the years he spent with his lens focused on the Oval Office. And, in the process, has used his Instagram presence to throw a fair bit of shade at Donald Trump and the current administration. (Frankly, at this point, his behavior has moved past shady, jumped over passive-aggressive, and landed squarely in blatantly mocking territory.) Today was no exception. Following a series of clips that appeared to show Melania Trump swatting away and evading her husband’s attempts to hold her hand, Souza shared a photo of Barack and Michelle Obama. Holding hands, naturally.
Pete. Thanks.
This week, Donald Trump met with Pope Francis at the Vatican. It looked like everybody had a blast. Pope Francis jokingly asked Melania Trump what she feeds her husband. Trump gave His Holiness a collection of writings by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The visit was, to quote Trump, “fantastic.” And then, there was the photo op. Trump, his wife, and his daughter Ivanka, all posed for a picture beside Pope Francis. And while we can’t be certain the photographer wasn’t standing behind the camera saying “everyone whose last name is Trump, please smile …. everybody else look miserable as heck,” that’s exactly the result. Which means, naturally, it’s time for some memes.
Though it seems like Pope Francis, not the memes, got the last, um, laugh this time around. He gifted Trump with copies of several of his own writings, including one on caring for the environment. Amen, Pope Francis. Amen.
Pirating movies and TV has always been a bit dicey. Beyond its obvious illegality, you’re never really sure what you’re getting — fakes of popular movies and TV shows abound. And there’s always the threat of your ISP cracking down on you after it notices you’ve been downloading and seeding every episode of Adventure Time.
To gain this type of access, normally users would either need to download a malicious bit of code from the internet, or visit a compromised website. But the subtitle hack is a bit more ingenious. While even novice internet users may know better than to click on a random PDF sent to them or visit you-watch-free-movie-online-now.ru, subtitle tracks in video players are seen as largely harmless text files.
But a recent virus, revealed by researchers at Check Point, attacks users in a novel way: the subtitle tracks often attached to online streaming video. Using an exploit in popular movie players like VLC, Popcorn Time, Kodi, and Stremio, it allowed attackers to take over complete control of a user’s system, simply by loading in a subtitle track.
As tempting as it may be to stream movies for free, we’d recommend sticking to places like Netflix and Amazon Prime for now — this is a nasty hack, and one that can wreak serious damage to your PC if you’re unlucky enough to get snared.
They’re also treated by users’ systems as such, with subtitle files often being kept in online repositories users only access when they are watching some Luc Besson French-language action flick and want to watch with subtitles in English. Since anyone can upload files to those repositories, malicious files can be uploaded for popular streaming titles, and then even have certain subtitle tracks artificially inflated in popularity so that users pick the infected file over the safe subtitle tracks. Once the subtitle track is installed, it’s game over. “The potential damage the attacker can inflict is endless,” writes Check Point, “ranging anywhere from stealing sensitive information, installing ransomware, mass Denial of Service attacks, and much more.”
“We estimate there are approximately 200 million video players and streamers that currently run the vulnerable software,” writes Check Point, “making this one of the most widespread, easily accessed and zero-resistance vulnerability reported in recent years.”
VLC and Stremio have created fixed versions and released them, while Popcorn Time and Kodi have fixed versions but require users to go to specialized sites to download them. And, Check Point noted, it only tested the four most popular video players available — it’s possible this exploit exists across many other lesser-used players as well.
Depending on your perspective, the rise in popularity of crowdfunding is either a fantastic new way that the internet lets strangers help each other out, or emblematic of the decay of institutional safeguards that we’ve relied on in the past. Anyway! The point is that crowdfunding is now big enough that Facebook wants its cut, which is why, starting today, any user on the platform can start a campaign.
Users can launch campaigns in the following categories: education, medical (people or pets), crisis relief, personal emergency, funeral and loss, sports, and community. By far the most concerning of these categories is medical — crowdfunding has turned getting vital health care into the world’s most depressing perpetual episode of Shark Tank.
DJI, the undisputed king of consumer-drone manufacturers, rolled out its newest product today at an event in Grand Central’s Vanderbilt Hall, promising “something huge.” That something huge turned out to be something very small: a drone called the Spark, palm-size and weighing “less than a can of soda.”
DJI had a winner last year with its Mavic drone (my pick for the best consumer drone you could buy), a small quadcopter with high-powered optics and flight capabilities that folded into something smaller than a VHS tape. It allowed you to assemble your drone quickly and use it nearly anywhere. Unlike the larger Phantom models, which were hefty and awkward to carry, the Mavic could slip into your bag, purse, or even a (large) back pocket. But the Spark makes the Mavic look comparatively massive; the base unit without rotors looked no bigger than my smartphone.
The big appeal of the Spark? It wildly reduces the complexity of using a drone. Users can hold the Spark in their hand, power up their Spark, and launch it right from their palm. They can then control the Spark with simple gestures — move your hand right, it moves to the right; move your hand up, it flies up. Wave at it, and it flies about ten feet away to get a wider shot. Frame your index finger and thumb together in that classic “picture frame” movement, and the Spark takes a picture. For more advanced flying, there’s a smartphone app that’ll control the Spark up to 107 feet away, and a remote-control unit that’ll control it up to 1.2 miles away.
The Spark is available for preorder today, and will ship mid-June (i.e., just in time for Father’s Day). It starts at $499 for the base unit, a jaw-dropping price considering the Mavic costs $999, and there’ll be a “Fly More” combo pack that’ll throw in an aircraft, two batteries, four pairs of propellers, a remote controller, propeller guards, a charging hub, and a shoulder bag for $699.
At this price point, the gesture controls, the palm takeoff and return, and its overall ease of use, the Spark may be the thing that finally breaks drones out of the hobbyist-photography market and into the mainstream. We’ll be very curious to see how it actually flies when we get our hands on one.
The Spark seemed to hover steadily indoors, something the Mavic found difficult to do — though I’d probably still want to throw on the optional rotor guards, if I were going to be using this closely around people. Still, you can imagine breaking this out at a party or gathering for a quick group photo — something that would have been impossible to imagine even a year or two ago.
The one major downside? It doesn’t seem to fold like the Mavic. In a video showing off the Spark in action, it was carried on someone’s belt, but I’ll need to spend some time with it hands-on to see whether I’d feel as comfortable throwing it in my bag as I do with the Mavic; those rotors are thin, and it’s easy to imagine one snapping off.
The year is 2017, and Paul Ryan has just discovered GIFs. Speaking with Axios founder Mike Allen on Wednesday, Speaker Ryan discussed his habit of texting members of Congress. “Yeah, yeah, you’re talking about GIFs or Giphys — what are these things called? GIFs?” Ryan said to Allen. “These things are awesome. I learned about this like three weeks ago.” He then proceeded to highlight three of the GIFs he’s sent lately.
GIF No. 1: “I got one with Stifler here, doing “Yes!” It’s an Old School … He’s got a big mullet here.” [Editor’s note: Stifler is a character in American Pie, played by actor Seann William Scott. This GIF is from Old School, which also stars Scott.]
GIF No. 2: “I got one with Britney Spears doing this [Ryan demonstrates a thumbs up].” This GIF could also potentially be this one or this one. Apparently, Spears has a thing for the thumbs up.
GIF No. 3: “Captain Obvious. These things are pretty damn funny, I think.” It’s unclear which Captain Obvious GIF Ryan is referencing here, but here’s our best guess.
Ryan also said he enjoys sending GIFs “to people who really don’t expect” such behavior from him. Which means you should all probably go check your phones and see if he texted you a little Britney Spears this Wednesday afternoon.
In its SEC filing prior to its IPO, Spiegel blamed much of the slowed growth on a glitchy Android app, reasoning that some speculated was just a handy excuse to avoid mentioning Instagram, which received a glancing mention. According to the Information’s report, Spiegel did really believe that the Android glitches were to blame.
The report goes on to illustrate how wary Spiegel is of relying primarily on data to grow the app’s user base, as opposed to gut instinct. He is particularly reluctant to increase the number of push notifications that users receive, despite their usefulness in growth terms. In some sense, working on a growth team is a matter of figuring out how to frame the stats precisely as you want it — online metrics as a whole are carefully constructed b.s. For instance, if a user opens an app just once a month and immediately closes it, does that count as a monthly user? If the answer is yes, then there is an obvious upside to spamming users with tireless push notifications.
Spiegel’s reluctance to embrace these sorts of growth tactics — which promise short-term gains but mean little in the long run — can seem foolish. And that is partially to blame for Snapchat’s slowed growth. But it also hints at a CEO who is cautious about inflating stats superficially.
But such tactics can go wrong. Consider Facebook’s video product, which counts a view as “three seconds of viewership, even with the sound off.” That’s the artificially inflated metric that many companies selling advertising have to work with. Last year, the company announced it had been miscalculating another video metric for months. Unreliable metrics that don’t translate to results can backfire drastically.
Also, completely unrelated to everything above, Gwyneth Paltrow couldn’t sign up for Snapchat because she’s too popular. From the Information:
A lengthy report from the Information this morning sheds light on how Snapchat CEO and mastermind Evan Spiegel is dealing with the app’s slowing growth. While the app continues to add new users, the rate at which it is doing so has slowed, mostly thanks to an all-out siege from Facebook, which has cloned the Stories product into all four of its mobile apps.
After its attempt to pay publishers to generate #content for Facebook Live burned bright and fast, Facebook is trying to reinvigorate its video product once again with a slate of taped programs from publishers like BuzzFeed and Vox. According to Reuters, the social network has struck deals with a number of online publishers producing scripted programs to rival offerings on platforms like Snapchat and YouTube Red (and more traditional online TV outlets like Netflix and Hulu).
The tier of longer content is likely to fall into the generic “prestige TV” format that many streaming services are producing these days, while the shorter-form content might not differ much from what sites like BuzzFeed and Vox already produce. In a sense, Facebook is directly funding these sites’ video operations — and presumably, retaining exclusivity of whatever they fund for a period of time. It makes far more sense than Facebook’s last plan for funding Live videos, a period in which the platform and content creators struggled to justify why certain content benefited from being live at all.
Reuters reports that “Facebook is planning two tiers of video entertainment: scripted shows with episodes lasting 20 to 30 minutes, which it will own; and shorter scripted and unscripted shows with episodes lasting about 5 to 10 minutes, which Facebook will not own.” CEO Mark Zuckerberg said months ago that bolstering the video offerings with professionally produced content was key to keeping users coming back.
Imzy was supposed to be a friendlier, warmer Reddit. A place where you could enjoy internet communities and crowdsourced news, but avoid the nastiness — death threats, rape jokes, hate speech — that has long plagued the platform. But sadly, it seems, nobody actually wanted to use a nicer Reddit; Imzy’s CEO Dan McComas announced today that it will be shutting down at the end of June.
From Imzy:
Prior to founding Imzy two years ago — the platform launched from beta in October — McComas worked at Reddit as SVP of product. His announcement also noted that Imzy users — though it seems there may not have been many of them — need not worry about their info being sold, and can request data from now until June 23. News of Imzy’s shuttering follows last week’s announcement that Voat — the alt-right’s answer to Reddit, and essentially the anti-Imzy — is also likely shutting down. Turns out, this internet town ain’t big enough for two (or three) Reddits.
After touching an orb in Saudi Arabia and driving Pope Francis to the depths of human despair, Donald Trump’s first international tour continues today with a NATO stop in Brussels. Today’s agenda included being greeted by protesters, one very awkward handshake with French president Emmanuel Macron, and, apparently, making sure his pals at NATO know he’s in charge. While walking with several of his NATO peers — Trump spoke with leaders earlier on Thursday — Trump appeared to shove Montenegro’s prime minister, Dusko Markovic, out of the way, so he could assume the alpha position at the front of the group.
Here it is again, in slow motion, courtesy of CNBC’s Steve Kopack.
Of course, Trump’s little push pales in comparison to reports coming out of Montana, where on the eve of a special election to fill a spot in the House of Representatives, GOP candidate Greg Gianforte reportedly body-slammed a reporter and broke his glasses. Apparently, these guys missed that lesson in kindergarten about using our words instead of our hands.
Watch President Trump appear to shove Prime Minister Markovic.
This afternoon, Mark Zuckerberg will give the commencement speech at Harvard University, the semi-famous institution that he dropped out of to launch thefacebook.com. The student newspaper covering today’s festivities, The Crimson, appears to have been hacked, with a full Zuck takeover in effect.
Some assorted headlines:
The hack most likely comes from the Harvard Lampoon, with which the paper has a long-running rivalry. The site is currently down for now, but screenshots are, ostensibly, forever.
Zuckerberg has spent his time in Cambridge taking a full-throated victory lap of his accomplishments, beginning with a handful of nostalgic posts on social media. There was the grainy, standard-def footage of Zuckerberg receiving his acceptance, opening his email on a bulky, turn-of-the-century PC tower set up so that he didn’t even need to leave his bed to get online. There was a stilted livestream tour of Kirkland H33, the dorm where he made Facebook’s first iteration, in which the dropout reminisced about defining college memories, like some guy mooching his microwaved Hot Pockets. There was a visit to Pinocchio’s, where an embarrassing paparazzi shot of the CEO from a few years ago, mouth stuffed with pizza, hangs on the wall.
This afternoon, Mark Zuckerberg, the most famous Harvard dropout since some guy named Bill Gates defined personal computing, returned to campus to receive his honorary degree. It was not Zuckerberg’s first visit back to campus, but it was clearly his most triumphant.
But Zuckerberg’s “just a regular guy” hokeyness — “Mom, I always told you I’d come back and get my degree,” he posted shortly after receiving the degree — stands in contrast to a campus that has been transformed by his looming shadow. It’s only a matter of time before he cuts a check to build his own Maxwell Dworkin, the campus building that houses the computer-science department, and which is named for the mothers of Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer.
Over the past decade, CS 50, the introductory computer-science course, has multiplied in size to become the most popular course on campus (overtaking, in somewhat ironic fashion, Economics 10, a prerequisite for future investment bankers). And like Goldman Sachs, Facebook recruits heavily from Harvard’s campus. In his dorm-room livestream, Zuckerberg serendipitously ran into two students who had worked or were going to work for the social network over the summer. Those who return to Facebook full-time after college are said to receive six-figure signing bonuses. “Everybody works at Facebook,” one student said.
Even if you don’t work at Facebook, or weren’t inspired to pursue a CS degree, Zuckerberg’s work is still central to campus life. Multiple students said that Facebook is a central hub for organizing campus events and for messaging. Posting photos has since migrated to Instagram, which Zuckerberg purchased in 2012 for $1 billion, in one of the most unquestionably prescient moves of his career. Like Zuckerberg himself, Facebook is not cool, but it’s all-encompassing social graph is supremely useful.
In a Simpsons episode from 2010, Zuck tells Lisa, after confessing to dropping out of Harvard, that he’ll get “the best kind of degree: honorary, baby!” He had to know that this opportunity would present itself at some point, and the decision to return this year presumably has some sort of agenda behind it. Zuckerberg left the school a frumpy hacker, and has returned a global statesman.
But his speech also seemed to indirectly address the controversy his company has generated over the last year. Speaking of the origins of News Feed, Zuckerberg recalled thinking, If we could just launch this, it could change how we learn about the world. Given how key the News Feed algorithm has been in helping distort information, he’s not necessarily wrong.
Zuckerberg noted that his famous path from college dropout to billionaire was possible largely due to the fact that he had assets to fall back on, financially and career-wise. “We all know how much luck we’ve had to get to this point in our lives,” Zuckerberg admitted at one point, though “luck” is an odd synonym for “privilege.”
“The reality is anything we do today is going to have some issues in the future, but that can’t stop us from getting started,” he declared, shortly before asking people to donate money or time or their genome to such efforts anyway. Those two ideas often clashed within his speech: People should be allowed to fail and feel safe enough to do so; also, “we can be the generation that ends poverty, that ends disease.” Zuckerberg’s never been hesitant to go all in on things, including stumbles like the rollout of Free Basics in India, or his $100 million waste of a donation to Newark’s public schools.
Still, the speech was light on how any of this gets done — like all commencement speeches, it was a lot of vague proclamations. But the lack of specifics also speaks to his precarious position leading a wildly diverse, unimaginably large population of 2 billion global users. He emphasized that we should “start building local communities right now,” mercifully leaving out the fact that he’d prefer you do so with Facebook’s Groups product.
Zuckerberg closed on an anecdote about a student of his, undocumented, who was worried about being deported. “If a high-school senior who doesn’t know what his future holds can do his part to move the world forward,” the CEO said, visibly and audibly tearing up, “then we owe it to him to do our part too.” Zuckerberg might lack any intent to run for office, but his speech today was one of his most political. The guy clearly wants to get started on fixing the world, but he knows now that he can’t do it all on his own.
His speech this afternoon, wooden as ever, but still genuine, centered around the concept of purpose — “feeling that you are part of something bigger than yourself” is how he put it. He spoke about the social safety net, and jobs that might soon be lost to automation. He spoke of “a level of wealth inequality that hurts everyone,” and endorsed a universal basic income. He spoke about how “people like me should pay for it, and a lot of you are going to do really well, and you should too.” (That last comment received hesitant, muted applause.)
Soon, it won’t be enough to just pay attention in class anymore — you’re going to have to look the part, too. Starting later this year, a business school in Paris will be implementing a new way to make sure its students are paying attention: artificial intelligence. The software, called Nestor, was created by a company called LCA Learning and presented at the United Nations last week, the Verge reports. It will be used to monitor students taking courses online by tapping into students’ webcams.
Using the webcams, Nestor will train in on students faces, scanning for times when a student might not be listening by monitoring eye movements. The software will then formulate quizzes based on what was being covered during the times the student might have zoned out. LCA founder Marcel Saucet says that any video taken of students won’t be saved, and the company will not sell user data. Nestor will also be able to make study recommendations and track students’ online behavior to help them better manage their time. Saucet also believes that this program could help teachers, because they’ll now be able to better tell which parts of their lessons are a snore, and which parts students are really engaging with.
If this technology doesn’t work, there’s always a robot arm coming out of the computer and slapping students to alertness as an alternative — an actual gag from Nestor’s demo video. Once you’re forcing students to act interested at all times, a robot slap to the face may actually be the more humane option.
It’s the start of a three-day weekend, folks, and you know what that means. Kicking back, enjoying the nice weather before it gets way too hot in the summer, and of course, cracking open a cold one with the boys.
Cracking open a cold one with the boys is an activity that has been practiced since ancient times, when our evolutionary ancestors discovered, as they put it, “fire hot, ice cold.” Temperatures play a big part in cracking one open with the boys, especially if you’re cracking open cold ones.
Salute to those boys out there, steadfastly cracking open the cold ones.
Let’s break this down: You gotta crack it open. It has to be cold. And you’ve gotta be with the boys. “Boys” here refers to any group of three or more buddies; they don’t necessarily need to be literal boys.
People love cracking one open with the boys, and talking about doing so online. The most popular Facebook page that celebrates cracking open a cold one (with the boys, mind you), has more than 140,000 likes. That’s a lotta boys, and even more cold ones!
Golden Tee. You’ve seen it — that golf video game, sitting in the corner of a fratty bar. Maybe you’ve even gotten kinda hammered and played it once or twice, bruising your palm something fierce on the game’s trackball. Perhaps you’re even kinda good at it.
But to understand true mastery, you need to watch all seven hours of 2017 Golden Tee World Championships, held in Las Vegas last weekend, with the winner taking home $10,000 (or the equivalent of 10,000 games of Golden Tee).
One, with utter sincerity, these players are very good. Shots are routinely sliced around the sides of mountains with impressive precision, and missing putts shorter than 20 feet or so is rare.
Here are a few reasons you should watch this seven-hour stream of the world’s best Golden Tee players hitting that trackball over and over again.
Two, most of competitors look like a combination of a dad shopping at Sears, Guy Fieri, and someone who’d sell you a car stereo at Best Buy. In other words, these competitors look like real Americans. It makes me want to stand up and salute.
Three, the announcers are seemingly silent for the first 12 minutes or so, before suddenly coming in. They seem very knowledgeable about Golden Tee. And while we cannot be certain of anything, judging from the sounds of drinks being poured and references to “the Captain,” they may be getting pretty sloshed during the whole thing. We like to think it’s in tribute to the late, great Howard Cosell.
If you don’t want to dedicate a whole seven hours, you can skip to about the four-hour mark, where the actual championship match begins. Pour yourself a Captain and enjoy.
On Thursday, Donald Trump, as only Donald Trump can, made headlines after he appeared to shove Montenegro’s prime minister, Dusko Markovic, out of his way in an attempt to position himself front and center for a photo op. As is, it’s a disconcerting and comical clip, but it’s almost better if you play it in reverse. Suddenly, Donald Trump wants to hide from the press as quickly as possible, and Prime Minister Markovic is his human shield. A human wall, if you will.
Backwards, the clip also bears a striking similarity to a very famous GIF from an episode of The Simpsons — “Homer Loves Flanders” from 1994 , if you want to get specific — in which Homer backs slowly into a bush to hide himself, after his neighbor, Flanders, turns down his invitation to hang out.
Really makes you think.
In early March, Travis Kalanick, the 40-year-old CEO of Uber, was riding in an SUV to Palo Alto for the company’s Technology Day, thinking about how to help Uber survive one of the worst periods a corporation had ever experienced. In January, some 500,000 users had joined a campaign to #DeleteUber from their phones, in response to the company’s perceived lack of support for protests at JFK against the Trump administration’s immigration ban (Kalanick had recently joined Trump’s economic council), which seemed to underscore the long-standing view that Uber didn’t care much for its drivers. The deletions were still coming three weeks later when Susan Fowler, a female engineer who’d left the company, accused it of rampant sexism and sexual harassment. Then, over the next two weeks, Google sued Uber, alleging it had stolen the company’s self-driving-car technology; a video surfaced of Kalanick getting into a profane argument with a driver; and the New York Times revealed that Uber had moved into cities where it was not allowed to operate with the help of a tool called Greyball. (The program showed government officials a fake version of Uber’s app with “ghost cars” so its drivers couldn’t be apprehended.)
When Kalanick got to Palo Alto, he told the assembled engineers that, seven years after the app launched, it was time for “Uber Version 2.0.” Just as Kalanick’s ambition was no longer to become “Everyone’s Private Driver,” as an early slogan suggested, but to change the way people and things move around the world, he said that Uber would become not simply a better place to work but “the most just place to work in the world.” In a blue V-neck sweater over a white undershirt, Kalanick cited Harriet Tubman, Gandhi, and Martin Luther King Jr. as inspirations, said he had spoken to Sheryl Sandberg about unconscious bias, and joked that he hoped to find a way to quantify justice — he just needed to figure out the unit of measurement.
Uber itself, however, has lately become a monument not only to the power of technology and confidence in the face of adversarial forces but possibly to the dangers of hubris: When you’re worth that much money on imaginary paper, and buoyed by the belief that you’re on a mission to change the world, it can be easy to sweep aside concerns like “rampant sexual harassment” and “public relations” and “profits.” In the past, Kalanick has said that, on bad days, he found comfort by looking at the company’s revenue graph, which continues to go up and up, even through Uber’s tumultuous 2017. And yet Uber lost at least $2 billion in 2015, a shocking deficit it followed last year with a loss of $2.8 billion — a number that didn’t even include its star-crossed attempt to break into the Chinese market. Much of those losses had come in the form of subsidies: Uber was paying bonuses to drivers to get them on the road and keep them there, while subsidizing rides for users by charging well below the true cost. The idea was to get people so addicted to the Ubering lifestyle that the app would be baked into their lives, to such a degree that no one would much care if and when the subsidies went away and the price went up. Or Uber would simply drown its competitors in cash until the advent of autonomous cars got rid of its biggest cost: drivers.
Coming from Kalanick, who is described by even his supporters as an “asshole,” the talk sounded forced (“I talk a lot about justice — I’m just about it”), especially when he put up a photograph on a projector screen of the Fearless Girl statue that had recently been installed in downtown Manhattan, across from the Wall Street bull. “When I saw it, I was inspired,” Kalanick said. He wanted Uber’s employees, especially its women, to “be that fierce girl standing up to the bull,” while adding that he intended to make Uber a place that “doesn’t have bulls all over the freaking place.” He sat back as the crowd applauded.
To anyone paying attention, many of the recent problems at the company weren’t entirely shocking. Uber’s workplace had long been considered one of tech’s toughest, it had always flouted governments and regulators — the company’s first cease-and-desist order hangs on a wall at headquarters — and it often seemed to treat drivers with disregard, opposing unionization efforts and denying employee benefits to full-time drivers, who are responsible for about half of the company’s trips. Its reputation was burnished, however, by a cohort of former political operatives, led by David Plouffe, once President Obama’s campaign manager, who successfully lobbied state and local regulators, arguing that the company didn’t just put more fossil-fuel-burning cars on the road; it represented the future of work, offered part-time postrecession employment to those who needed it most, and cut down on DUIs (and would eventually reduce the number of cars on the road, if people were to give up their own cars in favor of ride-sharing). But the real trick was offering a product with undeniable appeal, particularly to young urbanites, which helped reinforce the company’s sense of inevitability. “Uber riders are the most affluent, influential people in their cities,” Kalanick once said. “When we get to a critical mass, it becomes impossible to shut us down.” David Weil, a former Labor Department official tasked with helping to judge whether ride-hailing drivers should be considered full-time employees or independent contractors, told me he had been surprised by the uniformity of support for the company in meetings with young Capitol Hill staffers. “The first question I’d be asked was, ‘Well, what have we got against Uber?’ ” Weil said.
Earlier this month, while I was riding an elevator up to Uber’s headquarters in downtown San Francisco, a short young woman in a floral-printed dress asked me if I was interviewing for a job, too. As we signed nondisclosure agreements on iPads in the company’s lobby, she said that she had applied for a job as a project manager months ago, but Uber’s series of unfortunate events had led her to put off entreaties from the company’s recruiters. Eventually, she relented and decided she might as well see what it’s like on the inside. “There’s a lot of smart people here,” she said. “So it might not be that bad, right?”
The uproar over Uber’s response to the protests at JFK in January was thus something of a dramatic correction in how the company was perceived. Shortly after New York’s taxi-drivers association announced a strike in support of the protests, Uber tweeted that it would not be turning on surge pricing. The intention was to avoid taking advantage of a delicate situation, as the company had been accused of doing by up-charging users during hurricanes and blizzards, but thanks to the tinderbox quality of the political moment, it was perceived as an attempt to break the strike. “It was 100 percent in the spirit of helpfulness,” one former executive told me. “And it became the poster child for why reputation matters.” Kalanick’s role on President Trump’s economic advisory council only made matters worse, and some at the company suggested that he should attend the council’s upcoming meeting, demand that Trump rescind the ban, and, when he refused, get up and walk out — a plan that was ultimately deemed too brash even for Kalanick, who simply resigned his position.
The video had also connected Kalanick to the worst parts of the company’s reputation. In addition to his penchant for working well past midnight and demanding the same of his employees — known internally as “Uberettos” — Kalanick had also displayed the kind of immaturity more associated with Silicon Valley’s barely legal founders. “We call that Boob-er,” he told GQ in 2014, when he was 37, of how Uber had helped his dating life. One executive said that several times in the past year, including in February, when the company was in turmoil, Kalanick had been unreachable in the morning. “We were trying to find him and get him to approve something, but he’d been out late, apparently, and the answer was ‘He’s not up yet,’ ” the executive said.
The company’s image suddenly posed a threat to the bottom line, at a moment when it wasn’t difficult for many users to delete Uber and download Lyft — nevermind that two of Lyft’s biggest investors included Peter Thiel and Carl Icahn, both prominent Trump supporters — without noticing much of a difference. After Bloomberg published a video in which Kalanick ended an argument with an Uber driver who felt the company had unfairly lowered its rates after he leased a new car by saying, “Some people don’t like to take responsibility for their own shit,” an MLB team backed out of a partnership with the company, according to an Uber manager with knowledge of the deal. “Uber used to have this sex appeal,” the manager said. “People would pay to work with us.”
In its brief history, Uber has morphed from a simple service that allowed users to press a button to summon a car into what is on paper the most valuable start-up of all time. It also spawned an entire category of start-up pitch — Uber, but for doctors, for cookies, for private jets — bent on solving First World problems via app. Uber has created vast theoretical fortunes and helped remake the American economy. Its most recent valuation, of $68 billion in 2015, was the highest ever given to a private company. Silicon Valley’s obsession with “unicorns” — companies valued north of a billion dollars — was very 2012. We had entered the era of the “decacorn.”
But should any business have to work as hard, ignore as many laws, and spend as much money as Uber has simply to become a viable business? Conversations with several dozen current and former Uber employees and executives suggested that though there is time to right the ship, and a war chest of venture capital to do so, Silicon Valley has found itself at least preparing for the notion that it mispriced its darling. Uber could be the next MySpace, some say, a company that created a market but was foiled by its own missteps and overtaken by savvier competition. Or the recent PR disasters could be more than just flesh wounds, and instead reveal an aggressiveness that has both created and masked a deeply flawed business model. Either way, a report in April said private Uber shares were trading at a discount.
The company’s rapid growth — it went from 600 employees in 2014 to more than 12,000 today — meant that almost two-thirds of its managers were in positions of authority for the first time, which led to a variety of organizational issues. Kalanick, for one, insisted on being kept aware of anything going on at the company, and had a habit of inserting himself into other people’s jobs: Four different Uber employees told me they had at times found themselves writing something in a Google Doc, only to suddenly realize Kalanick was editing the document at the same time. “He would go in there all the time and say, ‘Stop typing,’ and I’m like, ‘I’m editing your shitty grammar,’ ” one said.
In 2014, Kalanick unveiled a list of 14 company values at a Las Vegas retreat that included “toe-stepping,” “always be hustlin’,” and “super pumped.” There was also “principled confrontation,” which one former manager said was “the one people used as an excuse to just be assholes.” The manager, who recently left Uber, said that he had conducted a survey of his subordinates at his new company, and they had complained that he was “really aggressive,” which he thought was accurate. At Uber, however, “people were telling me I wasn’t aggressive enough.” Several engineers — one who had worked on designing a system to enable users to delete their ride history, “for if you took an Uber to your mistress, basically” — told me that managers sometimes demanded that employees work through holidays and weekends and that they often worked as much as 100 hours a week.
Still, Uber had continued to lose employees. In March, Jeff Jones, a well-regarded marketing executive who had been brought in to serve as a sort of Sheryl Sandberg figure to Kalanick’s Mark Zuckerberg, left after just seven months, declaring in a statement that “the beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber.” Others who had previously chugged the company Kool-Aid had come to believe Uber would never change. “I’ve never been at a place where it was so clear that people don’t matter — that nothing matters — so long as we can make an extra two cents a trip,” said a manager who left the company in March. “Uber is the most capitalist company on the face of the earth. It’s just the concept of supply and demand embodied.”
And yet, those massive subsidies, so crucial to Uber’s growth, don’t exactly sound like a pure version of capitalism, a problem that is beginning to dawn on observers both inside and outside the building. But there are still true believers in Uber’s promise: Among the former and current employees I spoke to, the most optimistic were its engineers. “This business model and technology is absolutely necessary for the world,” Brian McClendon, the company’s former head of mapping, told me one day in April over barbecue in Kansas City. McClendon had left Uber a few weeks earlier, to lend his 30 years of Silicon Valley experience to politics in his native Kansas. While Uber says it has become profitable in some large cities, where the system is wired into the lives of young users in particular, McClendon admitted that he had not given up his car while living in Silicon Valley, and said that Kansas City was “the least Uber-friendly city in the country,” because it has more highway miles than any other major city. One former Uber manager who oversaw growth in a number of smaller, non-coastal cities where the cost of owning a car is low told me that the business there was almost exclusively taking people to and from bars.
But McClendon argued that for people in urban areas, the cost of Ubering was beginning to make as much financial sense as owning a car, especially if riders were willing to use Uber Pool, a service that matches riders traveling to and from similar locations to share a car and split the cost. Uber says that Pool now makes up a quarter of all rides in New York, and it hopes that Pool will one day become a majority of its business, which is the most winning argument for not only its alleged environmentalism and corporate citizenship — a study by transit expert Bruce Schaller found that Uber and other ride-hailing services accounted for 600 million miles driven in New York City alone last year, likely contributing to the city’s congestion and pollution and sapping resources from public transit — but also its ultimate profitability. If Uber can put more people into a car and pay only one driver, margins go up. Ronak Trivedi, a product manager for Uber Pool, told me the company had devoted “our best data scientists” to figuring out how to make Pool a more convenient service for both drivers and riders. He said Uber had recently started getting feedback from drivers on the product, which it considered a novel idea, but according to Uber the secret to solving carpooling — which Americans have never widely adopted, even in times of high oil prices and public campaigns encouraging the practice — was still in the algorithm.
But more than any technical advantage, the key to Uber’s growth has been its $15 billion of venture-capital funding. The company has long acknowledged that most of its losses come from subsidizing rides. (The most progressive argument for using Uber may be the fact that it has been a considerable redistribution of wealth from investors to working-class drivers.) But even close observers were surprised last November when a transportation-industry analyst named Hubert Horan published an examination on Naked Capitalism of the limited financial information Uber had made public and determined that it was covering around 60 percent of the cost of each Uber ride. Horan’s article expanded into a nine-part series that went as viral as 39,000 words with 89 footnotes on transit economics can. The 60 percent number was widely cited in various prominent outlets, and Uber has never contested Horan’s math.
More worrying to Horan than the losses themselves, which any growing company has to endure, was the fact that it didn’t seem Uber had brought significant efficiencies that would lower the cost of driving people from point A to point B, a difficult business with thin margins. Hailing a car with an app had been a magical experience when it was first released, but to Horan, it hadn’t changed the economics much more than the Domino’s app for ordering a large pepperoni. “You go through this checklist of stuff and the old bullshit meter goes into overdrive,” Horan told me. “They haven’t done anything to solve any underlying problems. It’s all people who have this quasi-religious belief that technology will solve every problem known since the dawn of time.”
Uber’s potential aspirations toward monopoly are a sensitive matter — in discussing how Uber Pool became more efficient the more people used it, McClendon referred to Uber’s ideal state as a “monopoly,” before correcting himself to call it “not a monopoly, but a heavily used service” — and while every company dreams of owning its entire market, the question of whether Uber can do so has become murky. One Uber investor told me he no longer sees ride-hailing as winner-take-all but didn’t want to speak for the company; when I put the question to Rachel Holt, Uber’s head of North American operations, she ducked it by praising the value of competition and saying she didn’t have a crystal ball.
Now the company’s relentless culture, to which many credited its growth, was unraveling, especially after Susan Fowler published her blog post in February detailing blatant sexual harassment and sexism at the company and a lack of responsiveness from the human-resources department. “I’ve rarely seen an organization just so viscerally hit by something that was coming in from outside,” Liane Hornsey, the company’s new head of HR, told me in reference to the reaction to Fowler’s blog post. We were in a conference room on the 15th floor of Uber’s headquarters, where recruiters sit among putting greens that dot the floor. (Uber declined to make Kalanick available for an interview.) To turn around morale, Hornsey and various deputies had conducted 200 listening sessions in recent months and committed to a variety of changes: a promise of equal pay; tweaking the corporate values to give a nod to teamwork.
Recent events have made a monopoly harder to imagine, to say nothing of how regulators might react. While Uber said its business in the United States was briefly profitable early last year, the company had been forced back into the red by Lyft, which had secured a new round of venture funding and begun offering more subsidies of its own to attract drivers and riders. Uber’s woeful early 2017 had also helped Lyft, which saw ridership increase 137 percent compared to the year prior. And while so far Lyft remains content to focus on the U.S., Uber’s ambitions for a global reach have added further costs. It is now in 75 countries, and faces an array of regional and local operators in each market. Its most formidable rival may actually be Didi Chuxing, a Chinese company that has already clocked more rides than Uber and recently raised $5.5 billion to help it compete in new markets. Uber spent two years, and $2 billion, trying to break into the Chinese market but eventually called a truce last year and agreed to sell its Chinese business to Didi in exchange for a stake in the company.
To explain its massive losses, Uber and its investors have often cited Amazon, which didn’t turn a year-end profit for ten years as it built out an infrastructure that made the selling of more and more books — and eventually, of everything — cheaper and more efficient the larger it got. But Amazon’s biggest-ever loss was $1.4 billion, half of Uber’s 2016 deficit, and Jeff Bezos responded by cutting 15 percent of his workforce. Plus, Uber’s economics barely resemble Amazon’s. The taxi business doesn’t scale in the same way, and while Uber’s technology is sophisticated, the barriers to entry are relatively low, and Uber has had to fend off various competitors. So far as Horan could tell, there was only one possible path for Uber to meet that $68 billion valuation: eliminate competition.
It turned out that food delivery was the only area that made much sense, though even that was difficult. In the past year, food-delivery companies SpoonRocket, TinyOwl, Take Eat Easy, and Maple have all ceased operations. Postmates said in 2015 that it could be profitable in 2016, at which point it pushed the date to 2017. Its target is now 2018. “It absolutely does not work as a one-to-one business — picking up a burrito from Chipotle and delivering it,” a former Uber Eats manager said. “It has to be ‘I’m picking up ten orders from Chipotle, and I’m picking up this person next to Chipotle, and I’m gonna drop the burritos off along the way.’ ” Uber Eats has grown significantly, but getting the business up and running had required considerable subsidies, and the manager said it was rumored that a significant portion of the company’s domestic losses were coming from Uber Everything.
Uber’s expansion into an ever-widening gyre of business interests makes sense for a company looking to justify a huge valuation, but it has drawn criticism from some who wonder why the company is moving into so many different markets without becoming profitable in its first one. “It’s a Ponzi scheme of ambition,” Anand Sanwal, a venture-capital analyst, told me. “ ‘We’re gonna raise money on the promise of dominating an industry to come in order to pay for this thing that doesn’t make us money right now.’ ” He had recently conducted an unscientific poll of subscribers to his newsletter asking how many would invest in Uber today, even at a discounted valuation, and 77 percent said they wouldn’t. But the new initiatives have the benefit of keeping everyone excited about the future: In April, Uber held a conference in Dallas to explain why it planned to one day get into flying cars.
Back on land, Kalanick had already discovered perhaps his company’s biggest opportunity and gravest threat: self-driving cars. On the one hand, getting rid of “the other dude in the car,” as Kalanick once callously referred to the drivers on whose backs he built the company, would cut out Uber’s biggest costs. On the other, he realized the technology was “basically existential for us”: If Google, or another tech company, or an automaker, developed a driverless car, there was no guarantee they would offer the cars to Uber’s network rather than develop their own. The company launched its effort to build a self-driving car in February 2015, poaching 40 robotics researchers from Carnegie Mellon University with six-figure bonuses, and set up a research facility in Pittsburgh, but by that point it was already behind. To jump-start Uber’s research, Kalanick began courting Anthony Levandowski, a star engineer from Google’s self-driving program, in whom he found a kindred spirit: While Kalanick had broken up with his girlfriend to work at Uber full time, noting that “I should probably find someone I like at least as much as my job,” Levandowski had once worried that a member of his team wasn’t focusing enough on his work and offered the man’s girlfriend $5,000 to break up with him until the end of the project. (She didn’t; the couple got married.)
Meanwhile, in an effort to show potential investors in an IPO that it has multiple revenue streams, Uber has expanded into a variety of industries tangentially related to its core business. In 2015, the company launched Uber Everything, an initiative to figure out how it could move things in addition to people, and when I visited Uber headquarters, the guest Wi-Fi password was a reference to Uber Freight, the company’s attempt to get into trucking. (A former employee said the password often seemed to be a subliminal message encouraging employees to focus on the company’s newest initiatives.) But moving things had its own complications. One former Uber Everything manager said the company had looked at transporting flowers or prescription drugs or laundry but found that the demographic of people who, for example, couldn’t afford a washer and dryer but would pay to have their laundry delivered was a small one. Uber Rush, a delivery service in New York, had become “a nice little business,” the manager said, “but at Uber, you’re looking for a billion-dollar business, not a nice little business.”
Levandowski left Google in January 2016 to work on his own self-driving project, but soon began showing up at Uber’s self-driving facility, where one engineer said Kalanick told everyone to give him a “complete brain dump of everything we’ve done to date.” Levandowski began consulting for the company, and a former Uber engineer said he attended meetings during which Levandowski strategized with Uber on how it could recruit Google engineers. The engineer said he was asked to delete messages discussing any possible collaboration. In August, Uber paid $680 million to acquire Otto, Levandowski’s start-up, and put him in charge of its self-driving program.
Soon after, in Pittsburgh, Uber scored a PR coup by becoming the first U.S. company to pick up a passenger in a self-driving car, with a safety driver there just in case. (While the company does not offer drivers employee status or benefits, a recent job posting for an “Uber Autonomous Vehicle Operator” offered a 401(k) plan, medical coverage, and a steady salary of $20 an hour.) According to one engineer, Levandowski suggested that Uber quickly prepare for a splashy self-driving launch in San Francisco by December. “He said it would be a big bang and a massive fuck-you to all our competitors,” the engineer said.
It turned out to be a disaster. On the first day, one of Uber’s cars ran a red light in front of the Museum of Modern Art. “The San Francisco car was a piece of shit,” the engineer said. “The problem with Anthony is he’s super-focused on building a cool demo, but building a cool demo is contradictory to building good technology.” Several engineers left Uber, many to start their own self-driving competitors, upset by a feeling that Levandowski was pushing the technology too fast in order to close the gap with Uber’s competitors. The company had launched the test without approval from California regulators and was told to cease operations; in Pittsburgh, which had warmly welcomed Uber’s self-driving effort, the company became a political football in the city’s mayoral election as various candidates criticized the company as a bad corporate citizen. Last summer, after a man died in a Tesla that was using the car’s Autopilot system, which allows for autonomous driving on highways, Levandowski told several Uber engineers that they were not pushing aggressively enough. “I’m pissed we didn’t have the first death,” Levandowski said, according to a person familiar with the conversation. (Levandowski denies saying this.)
Uber’s problems got even worse in February, when Google’s driverless program, now called Waymo, filed a lawsuit alleging that Levandowski had stolen files from Google and that Uber had used them in the design of its self-driving car. Shortly before leaving the company, Levandowski had allegedly plugged an external hard drive into a company laptop for eight hours and downloaded 14,000 files. (Levandowski said he needed the files to work from home.)
In court, Google argued Otto had been a front and that Levandowski and Uber had conspired for him to join the company all along. In May, a federal judge issued a partial injunction barring Levandowski from working on the technology in question, clearing the way for a public trial in the fall. The judge also took the unusual step of referring part of the case to the U.S. Attorney for possible criminal prosecution. If Uber is found to have knowingly stolen trade secrets, various executives, including Kalanick, could face criminal charges, and Levandowski, who remains employed at Uber, has already invoked his Fifth Amendment rights, citing the possibility that he could be charged. In the course of a five-hour deposition by Google’s lawyers, he repeated the sentence “On the advice and direction of my counsel, I respectfully decline to answer” 393 times.
Regardless of the case’s outcome, it has hampered Uber’s self-driving efforts at a time when they can scarcely afford to be stalled: Experts predict that self-driving cars will begin picking up passengers without safety drivers in small, geo-fenced areas in the next five years. “We were seven years behind Google when I started,” one former engineer said of the company’s driverless technology. “When I left, I think we closed the gap to five years.” During one week in March, Uber’s cars had to be taken over by human drivers every .8 miles, according to internal documents obtained by Recode. Waymo’s cars, by comparison, drove more than 600,000 miles in 2016 and required human intervention only 124 times. According to one recent report, Uber was just the 16th-most-likely company to develop a driverless car, behind not only Waymo and Tesla but also Ford, General Motors, and other traditional auto manufacturers. In April, Waymo deployed a fleet of driverless cars in Phoenix, with a test group of residents able to order a car at any time through its own proprietary app. “I always thought the biggest threat to Uber was if Google bought Lyft,” one engineer told me in May. A few days later, Waymo announced a partnership with Lyft.
A report on the company’s culture, stemming from Susan Fowler’s blog post and conducted by former attorney general Eric Holder’s law firm, is expected to be released soon, but it’s unclear what will change. Uber’s appointment of Arianna Huffington, a board member, to oversee the report has proved controversial. Huffington considers herself a “close friend” of Kalanick’s and has said in interviews that sexism is not a “systemic problem” at Uber and that she did not expect Kalanick’s resignation to be on the table. “She blew the independence of the investigation from the beginning,” one former executive said. Kalanick is trying to hire a COO to be his No. 2, but some have argued Uber might be better off with a new No. 1. That scenario would likely require Kalanick to step down, given that the makeup of votes on the company’s board is weighted heavily in his favor. According to the tech site the Information, Kalanick recently told an ex-girlfriend that while some of the company’s employees might want him to leave, the majority wanted him to stick around — and he felt an obligation to do so, for the employees’ own well-being. “You’ll know when you’re a mother,” she said he told her.
“So rarely do we stop and give Darth Vader credit,” Chris Messina, a former Uber developer who left the company in January, told me over coffee around the corner from Uber’s San Francisco office. Messina, who previously spent three years at Google and is credited with inventing the hashtag, said that in his view, Kalanick had built a remarkably complex company through smarts and sheer force of will, and that if he had cut a few corners, that was merely the price of progress. If there is good news for Uber, it is the fact that despite its losses, more and more people continue to use its service, and it still claims to have a shocking $7 billion to spend. Messina had heard from people still at the company that Kalanick had been cowed and that the organization was committed to changing, but he suspected that in the end, Uber could only be Uber. “The people there now, it’s like the Spartans in 300,” Messina said. “Everybody’s got their backs to each other, spears out, and they’re yelling, ‘Fuck the world, man. They don’t get it.’ ”
Does all that mean Uber — so synonymous with this tech boom, and with the modern city itself — is going to become a relic of this decade? Will it be an app that you delete less out of protest than simply because your phone gets too crowded? “I don’t think it’s doomed,” Erik Gordon, a business professor at the University of Michigan, told me recently. “But I think it’s stunted. It was within an arm’s length of absolute dominance — of being Microsoft in Microsoft’s best days — but I think it’s going to be a case study we teach in business school of a company that could have crushed all comers but because of their repeated botch-ups, they aren’t in that position and will not be in that position.” The botch-ups have continued. On May 24, Uber announced that it had incorrectly calculated payments to drivers in New York City, to the tune of $45 million — the company quickly apologized and gave individual drivers back pay of as much as $7,000 — an embarrassing admission for a company that proclaimed itself to be built on data. The error came in the wake of a lawsuit brought by a drivers-advocacy group alleging that Uber had engaged in wage theft — one of countless legal issues the company faces, or may face in the future. The European Union’s top court is currently considering whether Uber should be regulated as a traditional taxi service; its classification of drivers as non-employees is likely to undergo further scrutiny; and it faces a Department of Justice investigation into Greyball.
*This article appears in the May 29, 2017, issue of New York Magazine.
The mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick was killed in a boating accident Friday night and his father was seriously injured, according to a report from the New York Times.
The Times’ report states that the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office responded to a call shortly before 5 p.m. last night, finding a man injured and a woman deceased on the shore. An initial report states that the boat struck a rock and sank. Kalanick’s parents had been avid boaters in the Fresno area for years.
Uber’s head of HR, Liane Hornsey, sent a letter to the company this afternoon.
Soccer got a 21st-century update over the weekend at the final match of the Portuguese Cup. The game ball was delivered to the field by a guy riding an Omni hoverboard — which is, unlike its Swagway peers of the same name, a true hoverboard, capable of short flights. It’s unclear why, exactly, the ball needed to be brought to the players through the air — but, hey, it looked cool. And that’s what really matters in sports, right?
Let’s say you’re hungry. Right now, if you head over to the fridge, you might peek inside and find some pizza, or a leftover turkey sandwich, or maybe an old piece of birthday cake. In the future, however — thanks to machine learning and neural networks — you might open that same refrigerator to find delicacies like Completely Meat Circle, Artichoke Gelatin Dogs, and delectable Crimm Grunk Garlic Cleas.
I’m an electrical engineer, so my degrees are all in physics and electrical engineering, and I do holographic laser beams for a day job. This neural network is completely a hobby of mine, a side project.
Well I’ve been interested in learning algorithms in general for a while actually. When I was just starting out at Michigan State, I started out in a a research group that was studying genetic algorithms. I’d heard an interesting speech about how genetic algorithms work and how they come up with things people never would have thought of. My research there morphed into using genetic algorithms for lasers, so I got interested in the optic side of research, but I’d always had that interest in machine learning.
How did you get started on it? What made you want to tinker with it?Well, I’ve been interested in learning algorithms in general for a while actually. When I was just starting out at Michigan State, I started out in a research group that was studying genetic algorithms. I’d heard an interesting speech about how genetic algorithms work, and how they come up with things people never would have thought of. My research there morphed into using genetic algorithms for lasers, so I got interested in the optic side of research, but I’d always had that interest in machine learning.
So I happened to come across a list of neural-network cookbook recipes by Tom Brewe. I was reading these neural-network recipes, and I remember one of them had shredded bourbon in it, and for some reason that one struck me. They were all funny, but that one in particular, I could barely breathe. I read through the rest of the list, and I read through them all, and I wanted to read more, and I realized that the only way to read more was to learn how to generate more. Fortunately, the neural-network framework he used, char-nn, is open-source and free to use, so I was able to get started right away.
Where did you find the data set?In this case, I found them on a genealogy website, and he had collected tens of thousands of recipes in a format that was already really easy for a neural network to digest. It was a different database than Tom Brewe used, and that was another reason I wanted to use it. I thought I might get different and better results with a separate data set.
Did you find it relatively easy to set up?Yeah, my level of knowledge going into it was basically zero. I’ve done some programming, but not in Lua, which was the language that this was written in. There were a lot of things that I was learning how to do for the first time, and I found it a really great project for getting to learn some of this stuff — how neural networks work, and how to set up those computations on my machine.
When did you start noticing that your lists and experiments were picking up steam on Tumblr and elsewhere?It was about a year after I’d done the first experiments. I’d had some fun with it, and I’d kind of gotten interested in other projects, and then about a year later, I started getting notices that I had all these new followers on Tumblr. To this day, I don’t know why or what sparked that, or who noticed it first. “Where did all these followers come from?” This post has 30,000 notes on it, and I can’t scroll past to see what the timeline of that was, so I might never know. I guess that just goes to show that just because something isn’t popular on the internet doesn’t mean it’s not interesting.
Yeah my level of knowledge going into it was basically zero. I’ve done some programming but not in Lua, which was the language that this was written in. There were a lot of things that I was learning how to do for the first time, and I found it a really great project for getting to learn some of this stuff, how neural networks work and how to set up those computations on my machine.
It was about a year after I’d done the first experiments. I’d had some fun with it and I’d kind of got interested in other projects and then about a year later I started getting notices that I had all these new followers on Tumblr. To this day, I don’t know why or what sparked that or who noticed it first. “Where did all these followers come from?” This post has 30,000 notes on it and I can’t scroll past to see what the timeline of that was so I might never know. I guess that does just go to show, that just because something isn’t popular on the internet doesn’t mean it’s not interesting.
I know some of this is for laughs, but is there a broader goal in working with this stuff?For me, it’s pure entertainment. I’m learning useful skills; I’m having a whole lot of fun. It’s been also pretty fun to start talking to people who are in machine learning, who do this kind of stuff for a living. It’s been fun to see what the latest and greatest in the field is. I’m not trying to solve any particular problems.
In this case, I found them on a geneaology website, and he had collected tens of thousands of recipes in a format that was already really easy for a neural network to digest. It was a different database than Tom Brewe used, and that was another reason I wanted to use it. I thought I might get different and better results with a separate dataset.
For me, it’s pure entertainment. I’m learning useful skills, I’m having a whole lot of fun. It’s been also pretty fun to start talking to people who are in machine learning, who do this kind of stuff for a living. It’s been fun to see what the latest and greatest in the field is. I’m not trying to solve any particular problems.
What have you heard from people who work in machine learning?I’ve heard that they’re very entertained. Some of them have been kind enough to offer me new data sets, things that they’ve collected for their own purposes, or they already have tools to easily select. There have been a lot of really nice people who’ve contacted me.
I’ve heard that they’re very entertained. Some of them have been kind enough to offer me new datasets, things that they’ve collected for their own purposes or they already have tools to easily select. There’ve been a lot of really nice people who’ve contacted me.
Where do you get your ideas for data sets?Often, I will stumble across a chance posting about something else, and it’ll spark, I wonder if I could find a data set of that. Quite often now, it’s people suggesting things to me. So, for example, the paint-colors data set came because somebody on Twitter suggested a neural network might be able to name paint colors.
Often I will stumble across a chance posting about something else and it’ll spark, “Maybe, I wonder if I could find a dataset of that.” Quite often now, it’s people suggesting things to me. So, for example, the paint colors dataset came because somebody on Twitter suggested a neural network might be able to name paint colors.
Many of the people I’ve heard from have been just starting out as undergrad computer-science students, or even high-school students with an interest in programming. Several of them have said the blog has inspired them to start experimenting with neural networks — I love hearing that.
It seems to have worked.Yeah, depending on your definition. I’ve seen enough people say that they would prefer to paint their rooms in these colors, some of the more froufrou colors.
Yeah, depending on your definition. I’ve seen enough people say that they would prefer to paint their rooms in these colors, some of the more froo-froo colors.
Do you have any particular favorites? Either bigger projects or specific results?One of my favorite paint colors that hasn’t gotten a lot of attention so far is the Peacake Bring. For some reason, that one just gets me — it’s sort of quasi-grammatical, and you can sort of imagine some kind of story behind it. What does Peacake mean?
One of my favorite paint colors that hasn’t gotten a lot of attention to far is the Peacake Bring. For some reason, that one just gets me — it’s sort of quasi-grammatical and you can sort of imagine some kind of story behind it. What does Peacake mean?
It’s almost like you get the right string of syllables in a row, and it hits you, even if it doesn’t make sense.The neural-network recipes has been fun, too. Recently, it had generated a recipe that was an ordinary cake recipe — chocolate, peanut-butter, gluten-free cake — all the way up to the very last ingredient, which was a cup of horseradish. After I posted this to the internet, somebody contacted me on Twitter and said they’d made it, and it was delicious. And they showed me pictures of this moist cake thing, and I said, “Oh, that looks pretty good.” And they said, “Oh, yeah, the horseradish. It got this interesting spicy background to it.”
The neural network recipes has been fun too. Recently, it had generated a recipe that was an ordinary cake recipe — chocolate, peanut butter, gluten-free cake — all the way up to the very last ingredient, which was a cup of horseradish. After I posted this to the internet, somebody contacted me on Twitter and said they’d made it, and it was delicious. And they showed me pictures of this moist cake thing, and I said, “oh, that looks pretty good,” and they said “oh yeah, the horseradish. It got this interesting spicy background to it.”
Yeah, it was edible, it was just weird. The texture was fine, it was a maybe a little dry, but perfectly passable. There are a few strange souls who really like horseradish. I think maybe one in twenty people who tried it thought it was delicious. Maybe the rest thought it was okay/interesting, and there was some other small proportion that was like me and could not stand to eat more than one single bite. The two different parties that I took it to, I found out that somebody had quietly taken a bite out of one of these cupcakes, and abandoned it somewhere.
You didn’t tell them what it was?I did not tell them at first. The first time, I took it to a party where people all knew me, and they had to try to guess the secret ingredient. They found it hard to do so: “Oh, is that some kind of booze in there, or vinegar, or sourdough?” And this being Colorado, people said, “Are you sure this is … legal?” And I’m like, “Yeah, it’s fine — legal in all 50 states.” And then once they guessed horseradish, everybody could taste it.
Was it edible?Yeah, it was edible; it was just weird. The texture was fine; it was maybe a little dry, but perfectly passable. There are a few strange souls who really like horseradish. I think maybe 1 in 20 people who tried it thought it was delicious. Maybe the rest thought it was okay or interesting, and there was some other small proportion that was like me and could not stand to eat more than one single bite. The two different parties that I took it to, I found out that somebody had quietly taken a bite out of one of these cupcakes, and abandoned it somewhere.
Did not tell them at first. The first time, I took it to a party where people all knew me and they had to try and guess the secret it ingredient. They found it hard to do so: “Oh is that some kind of booze in there, or vinegar or sourdough?” And this being Colorado, people said “are you sure this is… legal?” And I’m like, “Yeah it’s fine, legal in all 50 states.” And then once they guessed horseradish, everybody could taste it.
The second time, I brought the leftovers (somehow, nobody ate more than one, except for that one guy) to an Analyze Boulder event. They actually had a neural-network-themed event going on, with speakers and everything. They were serving beer, and this was after work, so I said, “Okay, I’ll just set these things out.” I set out a little sign next to them, and it was two pages, and the cover said, “This is Chocolate, Baked and Served, a recipe designed by neural network. Try to taste the secret ingredient.” Then the recipe itself was on the second page, if you flipped though.
I just set that up by the beer and watched people out of the corner of my eye. You’d get people who’d come up to it and say, “Hey, small, chocolate-brownie, bite-shaped thing!” Then pause … and then go back and look at the first sign … and they’re chewing a little bit slower … and they’re looking at the sheet; “Oh, neural network”… and then they’d turn it over to read the recipe, and they’re chewing slower, and then they’d just walk away.
Google and Facebook have been leaning a lot on talking about AI this past year, and talking it up. When you see them talking about the amazing ability of AI and then contrast is with your own experience, what’s your reaction to that?They’re definitely working at a more sophisticated level, algorithm-wise, than I am. So it’s not surprising that they’re getting more usable results. For example, IBM’s Watson actually tackled the problem of generating cookbook recipes. There’s a thing online where you can enter an ingredient and have it generate some cookbook recipes for you. They’re kind of unusual, but they’re a whole lot more doable than the recipes that my neural network is coming up with. They won’t ask you to cube the water or shred the flour; they won’t forget about the ingredients list by the time they get to the instructions.
They’re definitely working at a more sophisticated level, algorithm-wise, than me. So it’s not surprising that they’re getting more usable results. For example, IBM’s Watson actually tackled the problem of generating cookbook recipes. There’s a thing online where you can enter an ingredient and have it generate some cookbook recipes for you. They’re kind of unusual but they’re a whole lot more doable than the recipes that my neural network is coming up with. They won’t ask you to cube the water or shred the flour, it won’t forget about the ingredients list by the time it gets to the instructions.
Is there anything else on your bucket list? Anything you’d like to tackle that you haven’t yet?I’ve had some data sets on my wishlist for a while that it looks like I’m now getting my hands on. One thing I’m working on now is seeing if the network can generate names for craft beers. It’d be fun to do racehorse names, or show-dog names.
They’re definitely putting a lot more sophistication behind their algorithms, and are therefore getting better results. Although, I guess it depends on your definition of “better,” because the IBM Watson results are definitely not as funny as the neural network’s results, and that was my goal. So in some ways, I’ve got the ideal tool for the job.
I’ve had some datasets on my wishlist for a while that it looks like I’m now getting my hands on. One thing I’m working on now is seeing if the network can generate names for craft beers. It’d be fun to do race horse names, or show dog names.
And so I had some friends coming over for the weekend, so I thought, I could try that. It was the most horrible chocolate thing I have ever tasted in my life. I opened the oven and my eyes just watered. It was so bad.
What’s your background? Are you a computer scientist?I’m an electrical engineer, so my degrees are all in physics and electrical engineering, and I do holographic laser beams for a day job. This neural network is completely a hobby of mine, a side project.
Those recipes were generated by Janelle Shane, or more accurately, they were generated by a neural network that Shane administers, inputting large sets of data and receiving dangerous transmogrifications in return. In addition to inedible recipes, Shane’s network has produced lists of paint colors (Rose Colon, Flumfy Gray), heavy-metal bands (ChaosWorge le Plague, Squeen), and pickup lines (“You look like a thing and I love you”). Shane took a few minutes last week to explain where she gets her ideas, and what it’s like to actually eat one of those awkward recipes.
Last week, a group of middle schoolers from New Jersey snubbed Paul Ryan by refusing a photo op with the speaker. (About half of the students on the trip opted to pose for the photo, according to reports from the school.) For Ryan, having a whole bunch of eighth-graders refusing to be photographed beside him — “I didn’t want to be in [the picture] because he believes in most of what Trump believes in,” one student said — should have been snub enough. But in Speaker Ryan’s Instagram comments, the owning continues. Ryan posted a photo of himself with the students who had elected to pose with him, captioned, “Got that #FridayFeeling 👊.” Which, naturally, opened Ryan up to a whole new round of getting mocked — by both middle schoolers and grown adults.
Kids are good.
Last week, Donald Trump met with Pope Francis at the Vatican. The men, along with Ivanka and Melania Trump and Jared Kushner, posed for a photo during the visit. It was a sight to behold, with Pope Francis looking, well, not happy about standing beside the president of the United States. On Monday, Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau visited the Vatican and posed for a nearly identical photo. Right down to the look on the Pope’s face.
Perhaps the sullen look is Vatican protocol for photos with world leaders. Or, possibly, Pope Francis just thinks a grimace is his best look. Either way, this is very good news for the meme business.
Trump’s first official trip abroad came with plenty of high jinks — shoving the prime minister of Montenegro over top billing in a photo op, that unreal picture with Pope Francis at the Vatican — but none was quite so singularly photo-worthy as Trump touching the orb. Along with Saudi Arabia’s king Salman and Egypt’s president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Trump placed his hands on a glowing globe at the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology. Like some sort of internet butterfly effect, Trump’s palms on the orb immediately inspired dozens and dozens of memes, and apparently this slow-burner of a diss from several Nordic leaders, which would come the following week. Prime ministers from Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden, and Iceland all posed with a soccer ball to re-create Trump’s bizarro orb picture during recent talks in Norway.
Your move, Trump.
Amid the lawsuit being brought against Uber by Google-owned self-driving-car company, Waymo, Uber today informed its employees that the company is parting ways with the engineer at the heart of the case. Anthony Levandowski — who allegedly stole data from Google and brought it to Uber in 2016, after leaving Google himself — has been terminated effective immediately, as first reported by the New York Times earlier Tuesday.
Anyway, now you can do that on Twitter.
Twitter has announced another in-box for its direct-messaging product, splitting the difference between open DMs, which anyone can use to message (or harass) another user, and closed DMs, which are only available to the accounts that a user follows.
From Chris Reynolds, who posted the video to YouTube: “My wife and I were leaving my mother’s when I caught a glimpse of this snake while I drove past it. I stopped and backed up to take some photographs. Nina mentioned I should take some video. I am happy I did.”
I’ve heard from phone-industry execs that there are essentially two kinds of consumers in the smartphone market now: those who want premium phones and upgrade about every 12 months, and those who buy midrange phones and keep them for two to three years. If you’re the type of person who is going to be lusting after the iPhone 8 when it hits, or is already jealous of the Samsung S8’s Infinity Screen, will snap-on attachments really be enough to keep you sated? And if you’re someone who has happily bopped along on a Motorola, are you willing to jump to a higher price point and also keep shelling out for more snap-on attachments?
Part of Essential’s pitch, as laid out by Rubin, is that the modular snap-ons will help “future-proof” the phone. There won’t be a future version where the attachments or chargers don’t work (think of all the 30-pin iPhone chargers that were thrown out when the Lightning charger hit the market). Furthermore, modular attachments mean you can get new features for your phone (e.g., a sensor for gauging the 3-D space around, allowing for augmented reality) without actually buying a new phone.
Alex Taub, of social-media analytics firm SocialRank, wrote yesterday that the rise in so-called “egg accounts,” nascent and without a profile picture, is explained by a combination of two things: someone buying followers for Trump, or new accounts being encouraged to follow the president of the United States when signing up. Select All reached a similar conclusion yesterday.
The team has since issued a statement regarding the actions of the anthropomorphic baseball, apologizing and saying they are dealing with the issue internally.
But it wasn’t until I went to check the price on a book — you have to either use the Amazon shopping app on your phone to take a picture of the book cover, or bring it to one of the many scanning machines — that the store actually started to make sense. The app and the scanner will show you two prices: one for Prime members and one for non-Prime members. For The Devil’s Chessboard, this meant a discount of nearly 50 percent — $10.70 for Prime members, and $20.81 for schmucks without a Prime membership. (The book’s back-cover list price is $19.99.)
Yesterday, Elon Musk announced that if Trump withdrew the United States from the Paris climate agreement, the Tesla CEO would be forced to withdraw from the president’s advisory council. “Don’t know which way Paris will go, but I’ve done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain,” Musk tweeted. Today, Trump announced that the United States would be doing just the opposite. So, true to his word, Musk tweeted that he’ll no longer be advising POTUS.
When Isaiah Howard joined Musical.ly — a video app beloved by teens — he didn’t want anybody to know. Now, a little over a year, several hundred thousand followers, and one hit video later, the 17-year-old is just starting to get more comfortable with people knowing he’s on the app. Howard, who lives in Japan, had a breakthrough moment earlier this spring, when a Musical.ly video of him lip-syncing to “Addicted to My Ex” by M-City J.r. jumped from being a modest hit on the app to a viral sensation that was freebooted and viewed thousands of times across Twitter and Facebook. Select All caught up with Howard this week to talk about what’s next for the burgeoning star, and exactly how he gets his video transitions so smooth.
The thing that drew me in so quickly — and that, I think, draws most people in — is that the transitions in your videos are just so sharp. How do you do that exactly? It’s really funny because people ask that all the time, and I have no clue. I’m going to definitely try to explain it. So, basically, the foundation of a video is 15 seconds because before, that was the maximum amount of time that you could record your video … There’s this huge red record button in the bottom of the screen, and then all that you can see is yourself. When you start recording, you can have it facing the back camera or self — or anywhere basically.
Transitions are basically just a set of starting and stopping recordings at certain moments. So transition can be you doing a clothes change, or you making yourself disappear, or you going to a different location. So to give you those effects, you would have to start and stop recording. So let’s say you do a spin; you rotate your phone away from you — stop recording in the middle of the rotating motion — go to a different location, and then pick up the same motion and start recording and moving, so it looks as if you changed locations in the middle of a spin.
That video was a viral hit. When you posted it, did you ever think it would blow up as much as it did?Well, that video, I had posted it in a contest at the beginning of this year or end of last year. I was thinking that my views were going to go up, but only by a couple thousand, because that’s how it had been before whenever I had posted videos in contests. But that one — it got featured, and I got a million hearts on Musical.ly. That’s when I got crowned, or verified, and I was like, Wow, they are actually noticing me. So, yeah, that video blew up at the time, and I got 200,000 likes in that video, and I was like, This is crazy. Because this was the first time I had ever gotten so much acknowledgement for one video, I thought that was just going to be it, but obviously, two months later, it wasn’t.
Are you making money from the app?Yeah, I’m making a little bit, because obviously now there’s been a trend on all social-media platforms where you can go live. And Musical.ly hopped on it a little bit early. Whenever you go live, people view you. And if they like you, they can send gift coins, and gift coins essentially just go to money. So when you rack up 20,000 gift coins, that’s the equivalent of a $100. And I know that, especially recently, I’ve just been casually receiving 20,000 or 22,000 gift coins in one live.ly — that’s what they’re called — so I’m getting $100 in one live.ly — that’s amazing. The fact that I don’t have to work, and can receive that in less than an hour or an hour and half, is ridiculous.
During the same game, she came out of her courtside seat to bow to LeBron James, and then dabbed at the Golden State hometown crowd.
Cue, meanwhile, is getting roasted on Twitter:
Luckey is apparently working on a way to use LiDAR technology to spot people trying to illegally cross the border, a sort of “virtual” wall that would have the same effect of surveilling vast portions of the region that separates the U.S. and Mexico — the technology is already being used to that effect in parts of the country. The Times writes that, “Those familiar with the plan say Mr. Luckey believes his system, which can be mounted on telephone poles, can be built far more cost effectively than Mr. Trump’s proposed wall on the Mexican border — and with fewer obstacles from landowners.”
Kicking off the announcements, Apple CEO Tim Cook told the WWDC crowd — to ample applause — that the company is partnering with Amazon for its TV app. Amazon Prime Video (Cook mentioned Amazon’s Transparent as one of the deal’s many offerings) will be available on Apple TV later this year. (No formal release date yet.)
While it’s probably necessary for Apple to include a bypass feature — you can just imagine all of the “Oh, sorry I ignored your totally important message. Apple was trying to keep me from texting and driving!”–type scenarios the company is trying to avoid — it does seem a little counterintuitive. If its goal is to stop the distractions that notifications bring to the driving experience entirely, giving users such an easy out certainly weakens that.
“Do Not Disturb While Driving” mode will be available for all iOS 11 users, following the operating system’s release. After their first ride in a moving vehicle with their updated device, users will be asked if they would like to turn on the feature, which would then automatically engage during all future trips. But for iPhone users who are worried that their days of endangering their own lives (and those around them) every time they live-tweet their commute are over, rest easy — DNDWD mode can be disengaged through settings at anytime.
But even if you can click your way out of DNDWD mode, its existence on the phone at all is likely going to help stop iPhone use in the driver’s seat. People who want to text and drive (or even Snapchat and drive) are always going to find a work-around to current safety features in order to do so, but the well-intentioned and easily distracted will welcome a setting that helps prevent their worst impulses.
The HomePod is a mesh-covered, squat, cylindrical speaker with a four-inch woofer built into the base for sound quality. It operates on Apple’s A8 processing chip, the same one the company uses in its phones, and is engineered to detect the space of the room you put it in, and adjust the sound accordingly. The speaker contains six microphones, which will perk up upon hearing, “Hey, Siri,” and listen for user commands.
The top of the device lights up with Apple’s classic “wave-form” (think the blue and green and purple pulse you see when you talk to Siri on your phone) when you ask it to do something or play a song.
Safari, Apple’s web browser, will stop videos from automatically playing when you open a web page, offering a “serene browsing experience.” Instead, you’ll have the option to play the video, if you so choose (giving you ample time to put in headphones or turn the volume down). Safari is also getting a new feature called “intelligent tracking prevention,” which Federighi says will keep “your browsing history your own.”
Additionally, according to Apple’s Phil Schiller, no data will be sent to Apple prior to a user saying, “Hey, Siri.”
Here’s the space gray:
Retailing for $4,999, the newest member of Apple’s iMac family, the iMac Pro, will be available in December, and promises to be the “most powerful Mac ever.” It’ll have a 5K display, options for up to an 18-core Xeon processor, and comes exclusively in space gray.
The lock screen and notification center are combined in iOS 11, and the control center — the panel you swipe up from the bottom of your screen to toggle on Wi-Fi or the flashlight — has been totally redesigned. Now, your controls all live in one panel, and there even appears to be a designated button for turning cellular on and off, independent of Wi-Fi or airplane mode. The Apple App Store is also getting a makeover, with a designated tab just for games.
New features for iPad on iOS 11 include a vanishing app dock that looks very similar to the one found on the MacBook, and a Files app that will make it easier to keep track of documents between devices and third-party apps like Drop Box and Google Drive. Now, iPad users can view multiple apps at once, and will be able to drag and drop — images, URLs, sentences — between apps. Apple also announced some hardware news: The iPad Pro is going to be available in a 10.5-inch model starting at $649, and shipping as early as next week.
Apple’s Echo competitor, the HomePod, will ship in December. It is priced at $349 (significantly more expensive than Google or Amazon’s product) and available in white and space gray. The device has six microphones — all the better to hear you say “Hey, Siri” with — and is designed to analyze the space around it and adjust the sound accordingly. In addition to being a robotic DJ, the Siri-enabled speaker will be able to tell you the weather, talk about stocks, and report the news.
When Amazon released the Amazon Echo at the end of 2014, its success took nearly everyone by surprise. The Echo created a market new enough that there still isn’t broad consensus on what, exactly, to call it. Home speakers? Home smart speakers? Smart speakers? AI speakers? All get used interchangeably. (We’ll go with “smart speakers” for now.) But all the terms refer to the same basic idea: a speaker that sits somewhere in your home that you interact with mainly through voice, whether that’s asking it to play music or to give you the weather forecast.
At the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) today, Apple, the most valuable company in the world and by far the most recognized consumer electronics manufacturer, unveiled the HomePod, entering the smart speaker market — and that changes everything.
Amazon has first-mover advantage. The Echo, according to some estimates, now controls about 70 percent of the home-speaker market, and this year’s Consumer Electronics Show saw hundreds of products integrating Alexa, Amazon’s cloud-based AI that it licenses to other companies for free.
Also in typical Apple fashion, it’s pricing itself above the competition. While the Google Home retails for $129 and the Echo for $179 (with semi-frequent sales on both), the HomePod will go on sale for $349. This thing better sound really, really good.
Indeed, at both WWDC and in its press release, Apple is pitching the HomePod as primarily a way to play music and not as a home assistant. It “reinvents home music” — but it doesn’t reinvent the home assistant.
The less generous view is that while Siri was one of the first voice assistants introduced back in 2011, it has since been surpassed by Alexa and especially Google’s Assistant, both of which are able to understand natural language better than Siri on average. So Apple is forced to focus on music, because Siri simply can’t stand up as a home assistant.
The common wisdom is that Apple is rarely first, but it’s usually best. After all, there were computers with graphical user interfaces before the Macintosh, MP3 players before the iPod, smartphones before the iPhone. But there have been other market categories where Apple hasn’t been first or best. Apple Music, despite years of work, still lags behind Spotify and was recently, according to one analysis, surpassed by Amazon Prime Music (helped, no doubt, by the rise of the Echo). The Apple TV has also struggled, with declining sales, placing it behind Roku, the Amazon Fire, and the Google Chromecast. In 2007, it made a foray into high-quality audio equipment, attempting to beat audio companies creating iPod docks at their own game with the Apple Hi-Fi. It was a disaster and was quickly pulled from store shelves. (It was also, perhaps forebodingly, priced at $349.)
In typical Apple fashion, the HomePod was pitched at solving the problems with preexisting products. Home speakers like Sonos sound great, but you can’t talk to them. Smart speakers like the Echo allow for voice interaction but (according to Apple) don’t sound that great. The HomePod will change all that, using a combination of high-quality audio and “spatial awareness” tech to deliver noticeably better sound than its competition. It’ll also have Siri embedded, meaning anything you can ask Siri on your phone you can ask a HomePod, in addition to using it to control smart-home devices using Apple’s Home Kit.
But the smart-speaker market is still nascent. Per consulting firm Strategy Analytics, smart-speaker sales were up by nearly 600 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, with 4.2 million smart speakers sold in the fourth quarter (about 88 percent of those were Amazon products, and 10 percent were Google). In that same quarter, Apple sold 9.3 million iPads — a declining part of its business.
There are still a lot of unknowns. Will the HomePod require you to use Apple Music? Will it work with non-iOS devices at all? At $349, few people are going to want to spread these devices throughout their home — will Apple offer something like the Echo Dot for automation control throughout the home? Apple is promising enhanced privacy, but it’s unclear what exactly that means — or how different its policies will be compared to what Amazon or Google do to protect your data with their smart speakers.
And Apple has some real advantages that Google and Amazon lack: a long track record of excellent hardware, a customer base that’s accustomed to paying more, and over 500 retail stores worldwide where potential buyers will be able to see (and hear) the HomePod before buying. To my ears, both the Echo and the Home sound pretty decent — but I’m also stacking them up against other wireless Bluetooth speakers, few of which are known among audiophiles as being particularly fantastic. Perhaps the HomePod will be such a leap forward in sound that it makes the Echo sound like a tin can. And tech geeks who have already bought an Echo might scoff at Apple’s high price tag, but Apple fans might not. (Apple-owned Beats headphones, after all, have sold spectacularly, even with audiophiles holding their nose at the sound. Branding is easy to roll your eyes at, but it works.)
There is one certainty: Because a smart speaker can effectively keep you within a company’s ecosystem, smart speakers are about to become a battleground, with the four most valuable companies in the world (Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, and Amazon, in that order) all attempting to capture market share in the vast majority of homes that don’t have a smart speaker. But while that sharp-elbowed competition can be tough on companies, it’s ultimately good for the consumer. There’s a decent chance a huge number of people will have a smart speaker in their home within the next decade. The question is whose speaker it’ll be.
There are two ways of looking at this. One is that, at least anecdotally, most people still use their Echo (or Google Home) as a way to play music easily. All the other features — whether getting a quick news briefing or asking about the forecast — are secondary. So why not deliver the best sound possible?
The Google Home, it could be argued, is in many ways the superior product to the Echo. It understands natural language requests better than Alexa, it can differentiate between different users based on their voice, and it can place voice phone calls to anyone (not just other Echo owners). But it’s suffered from an early release that saw it unable to do many of the things the Echo could do, such as shop or allow third-party integrations. It’s since improved, and Google seems committed for the long haul, but it’s struggling to make up lost ground.
Just before it is set to release a report on its alleged HR nightmare of a workplace, Uber has announced its newest hire, Frances Frei, to serve as its first SVP of leadership and strategy. Frei will commute to Uber from Cambridge, Massachusetts, where she worked at Harvard Business School. Her faculty bio notes her work as “a personal advisor to senior executives embarking on cultural change and organizational transformations.” She was particularly focused on remedying the school’s gender-equity problem.
It is expected that, later this week, a comprehensive report on sexual harassment at Uber will be made public, at least in part. The report has already been presented to Uber’s board and portions of it are expected to circulate within the company. An all-hands meeting to discuss it is scheduled for tomorrow.
Frei’s broad mandate will be to help reform Uber, whose high-pressure environment has been roiled by allegations of widespread sexism and a general neglect of employee well-being. Frei has already been consulting with Uber for several months, advising HR head Liane Hornsey on how to reform the company. Of CEO Travis Kalanick, Frei told Recode’s Kara Swisher, “I have spent a lot of time with him and he has said he wants help and is willing to take it from a leadership team. We will not win with a silo-maker CEO and he very readily said, ‘I don’t have all the answers and I need help.’”
New York’s subway system has seemingly gone from bad to worse over the last few weeks. Earlier this month, a nursing-school student missed his graduation after getting stuck on a stalled train for nearly three hours before being evacuated. (In a heartwarming moment, strangers and friends on the train staged a makeshift ceremony for the young man.) And on Monday evening, an F train full of passengers lost power and was stuck underground for at least 45 minutes. The loss of power meant the train had no lights or air-conditioning (though a passenger noted the A/C in the car was broken before the train stopped moving), so the cars, according to people who were onboard, got incredibly hot and steamy.
One passenger, Michael Sciaraffo, documented the ride extensively in a Facebook post. Passengers opened the train’s windows and pried the doors open as much as they could — about “three inches” — to let in some air. People began removing shirts and pants to try to cool down, he said. At one point, someone wrote, “I will survive” on the steamy windows, PIX 11 reports. After half an hour, another train pulled up behind the broken train and slowly pushed it to the next station where it took another ten minutes to clear the crowded platform and get the passengers — which included elderly people and pregnant women — out safely. “The feeling of remotely cooler air felt amazing compared to how it felt on the train,” Sciaraffo wrote. “I never enjoyed the dank, smelly aroma of a train station more in my life.”
Following yesterday’s news that the company hired Frances Frei from Harvard Business School to be its first SVP of leadership and strategy, Uber appears to also be bringing Bozoma Saint John into the fold. Previously, Saint John headed up Apple Music’s global consumer-marketing division and was just about the best thing to ever happen onstage at a WWDC, when she mocked a crowd of techies at the 2016 conference for their inability to clap on the beat. News broke last week that Saint John was leaving Apple, but until today there was no word on where she’d be heading. Now we know: Uber, according to a report from TechCrunch.
If you go strictly by what’s contained in the FBI’s search affidavit, there were three important pieces of circumstantial evidence that led the Feds to Winner.
The second is that on May 24, a reporter from the Intercept reached out to an unnamed government contractor, trying to determine the validity of the leak. During the exchange, the Intercept revealed that the leak had been mailed with a postmark of Augusta, Georgia, where Winner lives. (Checking with other sources about the validity of a leak is not necessarily bad opsec; revealing specific information about the leak almost certainly is — though it’s also probably more common than journalists would like to admit.) The contractor told the Intercept that they believed the leak to be fake; when the Intercept returned on June 1, saying that the leak’s authenticity had been confirmed, the original anonymous government contractor turned around and alerted the NSA to the matter — including the key detail that the document had been mailed from Augusta.
The third, and most glaring, is that the Intercept provided a copy of the report itself to the NSA on May 30. It’s unclear if the Intercept gave the NSA a scanned copy of the printed material it had received, or a retyped or otherwise altered version, but the NSA then turned the report over to the FBI for further investigation. According to the FBI’s affidavit, Feds noticed that pages of the intelligence reporting appeared “folded and/or creased,” thus alerting them that the information had been printed. Per the affidavit, the government then found that only six people had printed that report, and Winner had no reason to do so — the report was outside of her job duties.
The numbers from the Perkins Coie report, as Susan Fowler pointed out on Twitter earlier on Tuesday, seem to fly in the face of the previous statements from the company — including board member Arianna Huffington and an Uber recruiter who tried to hire a woman by telling her sexism wasn’t just an Uber issue — that sexism and harassment are not a widespread issue at the ride-hailing company.
Update, June 6, 2017, at 4:06 p.m.: This post has been updated to include statements from Travis Kalanick and Uber.
While her father feeds the meme cycle on the daily — the orb, “covefefe,” that photo with Pope Francis — we haven’t seen a good Ivanka Trump meme since she gazed with rapt attention at Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau back in February. Or at least we hadn’t until today. Trump is on the latest cover of Us Weekly, with a headline reading, “Ivanka Takes a Stand: Why I Disagree With My Dad.” Inside the magazine, the full story is entitled, “How Ivanka Trump Influences Her Father Donald Trump.” Trump, remember, was appointed “special assistant to the president” at the end of March, despite previous insistences that she didn’t want a formal government role. It quotes a number of sources close to Ivanka, who say the first daughter was “disappointed” by her father’s recent decisions regarding the Paris climate agreement.
Throughout the first 100-plus days in the Trump administration, Ivanka’s middle name, at least as far as dictionary Twitter and Saturday Night Live are concerned, has become “complicit.” So a headline proclaiming she disagrees with her father is, well, something. And, being that it’s 2017, the headline has already become a meme. Don Draper, Darth Vader, and generic dads everywhere, please take note. This is why your children disagree with you.
Three and a half months after an engineer named Susan Fowler published a blog post detailing her experience of sexual harassment as an employee of Uber, the company has at last begun to detail the results of multiple investigations into its infamous workplace culture. At Uber’s weekly all-hands meeting on Tuesday, lawyers from an external law firm told the company’s 12,000-plus employees that it had received 215 claims of misconduct — sexual harassment, discrimination, retaliation, bullying — and fired 20 people as a result. Three dozen others had been required to undergo counseling or given a final warning. More than 50 cases were still pending. On Twitter, a female Uber engineer responded to the news by writing that she was “[f]eeling 20 assholes lighter.” She quickly had second thoughts and deleted her tweet.
While none of the female Uber employees I spoke to for my piece on the company’s various crises had experienced anything close to Fowler’s horror stories, almost all reported a variety of incidents and interactions that made the company a difficult place to work. (Uber employees I reached out to who had spoken positively about the company’s culture all referred me to its press office.) One engineer told me that her boss, a six-foot-five man, responded to her criticism of an idea of his in a one-on-one meeting by standing up, getting red in the face, and declaring, “I’m the manager, and you should care about whether I agree or not.”
One theme that comes up routinely in my conversations with people across the company is the fact that there are many distinct Ubers, each with its own culture and issues. While Uber has claimed, for various regulatory reasons, that it is a technology company, it is by any honest estimation a transportation provider that resembles a modern Greyhound as much as it does Facebook. The vast majority of its employees — setting aside its hundreds of thousands of drivers, who are the company’s public face, but who it insists are not employees — are not programmers; they work in operations, marketing, public policy, communications, finance, and the numerous other nontechnical positions required to address the various challenges involved in running a global taxi business.
In those departments, nearly half of Uber’s employees are women, according to the company’s recent diversity report; at one point, the heads of legal, human resources, communications and public policy, and North American operations were all women. And while sexism and sexual harassment know no departmental barriers, and occurred throughout the company — a report from the Intercept earlier this spring found that many female Uber drivers had experienced harassment on the job and found themselves without adequate recourse — many employees told me that the major workplace issues in the company’s nontechnical departments were less overt incidents of sexual harassment than a general culture of aggression, insensitivity, and growth at any cost that trickled down from the company’s CEO Travis Kalanick and his inner circle. The values Kalanick codified as the company’s guiding principles — “toe-stepping,” “always be hustlin’” — may not have explicitly enabled sexual harassment, but they did little to discourage the 33 people among the 215 claims who were accused of bullying. “People say the culture’s really bro-y, which it is, but people think that ‘bro’ automatically means male,” one male former employee told me. “The ‘lady bros’ at Uber are just as bad.” One woman told me that her female boss called her into a meeting, and casually had her feet kicked up on her desk as she told the woman that she could either be reassigned to a new city or find a new job.
Will anything change at Uber? Twenty firings certainly send a message, but the fact that it took an outside law firm to sort out the problem was a fairly damning assessment of the company’s human-resources department, which has never quite kept up with its shocking growth thus far. (If Uber adds as many employees this year as it did last year, it will have built a workforce roughly as large as Facebook’s in half the time.) While many people at Uber told me that it seemed to be business as usual at the company, a roughly equal number said Kalanick was making a sincere effort to change both his own leadership style and the culture. Uber’s most prominent recent hires — an artificial-intelligence expert to bolster its flailing self-driving effort; a marketing executive from Apple; a respected management guru from the Harvard Business School who helped the school become more welcoming to female students — have all been women, all with stellar credentials. Whether their respective hirings will make a real impact or are merely a means of dampening the blow of yesterday’s report, and another report on the company’s culture that is expected to be released next week, remains to be seen.
As important as what Uber learns from this will be what Silicon Valley learns, which may be very little. One venture capitalist told me that the Valley tended to see the missteps and flaws in other start-ups and presume that they were unique to that company. “There’s very little soul-searching,” he said. Several people I spoke with compared Uber to GitHub, a start-up that similarly became the subject of a highly public investigation into workplace culture in 2014, after a female engineer complained of a hostile environment. In the aftermath of the GitHub investigation, one of its founders resigned. Three years on, a female engineer told me that GitHub’s reputation among women had more or less normalized, but as the experience of many women at Uber has shown, the GitHub controversy seemed to have done little to change the situation for women in the Valley more broadly. Even Uber’s critics point out that the workplace concerns have had little effect on the company’s growth. Unless its bottom line takes a hit, it’s unlikely that tech’s next aspiring unicorn will see much reason to act any differently.
Of all the many distinct Ubers, however, the engineering department might have the most hostile — and most recalcitrant — culture. Just 15 percent of Uber’s technical staff are women; most of the men are young, many are in their first jobs. According to a number of former employees, stereotypes often hold true, and many of the male programmers at Uber seemed to have little experience in how to interact appropriately with the opposite sex. I was taken aback when I asked one former senior Uber engineer about Fowler’s blog post, to which he responded by dismissing her claims. “I don’t think Susan Fowler’s claims were even mostly true,” he said — acknowledging that they may have been “partly true,” but declining to explain how or why he had reason to doubt them. (According to Recode, the manager she accused of harassment was fired before the investigation.) He was willing to admit that Fowler had likely experienced sexism at Uber, but defended the company largely on the grounds that it was no worse than anywhere else.
Setting aside the considerable evidence that Uber was in fact a demonstrably less friendly place for women than other major tech companies, the engineer was right that tech remains a particularly difficult field for women. While the number of female engineers at Uber is shockingly low, it is not out of line with the rest of the tech world. According to a lawsuit brought earlier this year by a former employee at the augmented-reality company Magic Leap, sexism was rampant, as when a member of its IT staff answered a female employee’s question by saying, “Yeah, women always have trouble with computers.” (The case was settled out of court last month.) At Google, some 15,000 employees subscribe to an employee-run newsletter that details incidents of sexual harassment and sexism, among other concerns. According to Bloomberg, the newsletter is titled, “Yes, at Google,” making the point that these types of incidents occur even at a place viewed as overwhelmingly welcoming to its employees.
Fresh off of dismissing 20 people for sexually inappropriate work conduct, yet another emblematic case of Uber’s unchecked, “win at all costs” corporate environment has surfaced. Recode is reporting that Eric Alexander, then president of business in Asia Pacific, obtained the medical records of an Indian woman raped by an Uber driver in 2014, and shared them with other leadership members. Following the assault, Uber was banned in Delhi until June of 2015.
According to Recode, “While the company was publicly apologetic, some executives apparently had trouble believing that the incident was entirely true, sources said, including Alexander.” Alexander obtained the medical records while in India, and shared them with CEO Travis Kalanick and Emil Michael, Uber’s VP of business.
It is worth noting that Alexander was not one of the 20 people dismissed yesterday as part of an investigation by the law firm Perkins Coie, though the incident was among the 215 investigated. He was with the company yesterday — until Recode’s story was imminent. In the face of overwhelming rot at the core of the company, a great effort is still being made to insulate leadership from consequences. It is insane that Travis Kalanick still has a job.
None of those three are medical professionals, but used the report to try to poke holes in the victim’s story. They theorized that Ola, an Uber competitor in India, was behind the incident.
Judging from Kickstarter, there is this dream of a “selfie drone.” It would be something small, light, and easy to carry. Something that would launch quickly and quietly. It would easily follow you around, and snap pics of you (preferably from those flattering downward-looking angles).
Which brings us to DJI’s biggest gee-whiz feature: gesture control. Hold the drone in the palm of your hand, double tap the power button at the back, and wait for the drone to recognize your face. It’s propellers will whir into motion, and you can set it gently aloft, where it hovers in place. Hold up the palm of your hand and wait for the Spark to recognize it, and you can control the drone — waving your hand up and down, to the left or right, pushing it away or pulling it toward you. When it works, it’s incredibly fun — it feels a bit like playing with a pet.
The DJI Spark, shipping June 15, is small, light, and intriguing — and just $499. And after watching its flashy debut at Grand Central Terminal here in New York a few weeks ago, I thought perhaps that something like a flying selfie stick had finally arrived. After spending some flight time with the Spark, I don’t think it fully delivers on that promise — but I still think there are plenty of people who should pick one up.
There’s a lot to recommend the Spark. It’s incredibly light. It’s small enough to fit into your bag. It’s cheap for DJI: Starting at $499, it’s half the price of the $999 Mavic Pro. There are other drones at similar prices points, but none with the features and camera quality you’re getting with the Spark. You don’t need a remote to fly it. And you can launch it right from the palm of your hand in about ten seconds from powering up to being in the air.
Make your thumb and index finger on each hand form a rough rectangle, and the drone will take a snapshot. Wave at the drone, and it’ll move about ten feet back and eight feet up, allowing for more aerial shots — and also follow you obediently around. Hold your arms up and wave it back, and it’ll return to you, ready to land in the palm of your hand.
There’s also bit of a learning curve in using that palm-launch-and-landing feature, as I found out the hard way. While I was using the recommended prop guards for the Spark, they only go so far — the drone’s props are still exposed to the open air. The first time I used the drone outside of DJI’s offices, I (stupidly) attempted the grab the drone out of the air, and got two deep nicks on my thumb for my effort. (Learn from my painful mistake: The best method is to gently pinch the drone out of the air.)
Future firmware updates may help the problem. (One introduced midway through my testing seemed to help matters a bit.) But for now, the gesture controls are an exciting but frustrating experience, reminding me of early attempts at voice recognition — the machine wanted very badly to do what I wanted, but it just couldn’t understand me. There’s no doubt that someday this sort of gesture control could be extremely useful, but for right now, it feels more like a party trick than a feature you’ll actually end up using.
For weighing as little as it does, the drone performs like a champ, even in windy conditions. You can see below, as I slowly lowered the drone during a gusty day — thanks to a combination of DJI’s ground sensors, its built-in flight stabilization, and a camera gimbal that accounts for slight shakes — that the shot remained nearly perfectly smooth all the way down.
Luckily, there are other ways to fly the drone than gesture controls. By connecting to the drone via Wi-Fi, you can control it to about 108 feet in any direction. (If you buy a separate remote, you can control the drone up to 1.2 miles away.) The controls are intuitive after a few minutes of use: You use the left side of the screen to control where the drone is pointed and altitude, and the right stick to control forward, backward, and side-to-side movement, and to adjust the angle the camera’s pointed along the right side of the screen. It comes with many of the features that DJI has made standard, including the always appreciated “return to home” function, which has the drone return and land softly from where it took off.
I reached out to DJI about my problems getting gesture controls to work overall, and they emailed this response: “This is groundbreaking drone control technology, and our engineers are refining the firmware based on the results of their tests as well as feedback from the first round of testers like you. We expect it to be even more responsive and easier to use with every iteration.”
It’s also small and steady enough to fly indoors. You’ll want a gentle touch, but it’s not difficult to get it to hover in place in a room in front of you and snap a picture. Still, as one friend who tried it out said, it’s a bit like being around a flying lawn mower — that high-pitched whine wouldn’t make for the most relaxed of party pics.
The camera shoots 1080p video and 12 MP pictures — great for your social feeds, but maybe not something you’d want to watch blown up on a high-end TV. The drone also comes programmed with a few “Quick Shot” modes, which allow it to execute a variety of cinematic moves, from the classic orbiting shot to something called “Helix,” which takes the drone out in ever-widening circles. Unfortunately, in the firmware version I was using, this often meant that the drone went out of my phone’s Wi-Fi range — DJI says a firmware upgrade is coming, which should fix the problem. Regardless, you’ll want to pull these moves off with a large amount of space around you.
The Spark can also automatically shoot panoramic shots, or shoot photos that simulate the depth-of-field effect. But you’ll likely need a few sessions of flight to try out all the features — the battery life is short. While DJI promises 16 minutes of flight time, I found I was usually at 10 percent (the point where DJI recommends bringing the drone in for a landing) within 10 to 12 minutes, unless I was flying on a completely windless day (it takes more energy for the drone to fly or hover when there’s a strong wind buffeting it around). While you can buy multiple batteries for the Spark, I only had one. With a battery needing about 60 to 80 minutes to fully recharge, this made for short bursts of flight followed by long periods of charging.
The drone camera is still firmly an “enthusiast” product — you need to really want to take to the skies and get a view of the world around to justify paying $499. But at the pace DJI is shrinking down its drones, I’m willing to bet that within the next 18 months, we’ll see something even smaller, cheaper, and easier to use.
In the meantime, while the DJI Spark isn’t the selfie drone the market seems to be waiting for, it’s still an incredibly fun drone to fly. And it represents a great starting point for someone curious about getting into drone photography — there are no other drones at this price point with the Spark’s combination of portability and performance.
Which brings us back to price. While the Spark is $499, I can’t in good conscience recommend that you buy just the Spark. If you’re serious about getting one, DJI is selling a “Fly More” bundle, which runs $699 and includes things like a remote that ups the range you can fly, extra batteries, prop guards, and replacement propellers. At the very least, you’ll need the $19 prop guards if you plan to use the gesture controls or launch it from your palm (or fly this anywhere near other people) — it’s odd that the prop guards aren’t included with the base unit.
Or, at least, that’s how it should work. In practice, I found the Spark often lost track of my palm, and waving it away for an aerial shot, or getting it to return, had about a 25 percent success rate. (If you want to feel cool, hang out near a high school and wave your arms frantically at a drone hovering overhead for a while.)
The mere fact that Planet of the Apps exists is enough to make even the most ardent Apple supporter stop and consider that maybe the company is in decline. Planet of the Apps, a 50-minute commercial disguised as a reality TV show, is a cringe-filled mess of a program, caught between roles as a glossy advertisement for Apple’s developer ecosystem and a realistic look at what it takes to launch a tech venture.
The problem at the very heart of the show, however, is that a show about judging apps, produced by Apple, also requires that some apps be deemed bad. After starting off optimistic by matching augmented-reality app Pair with Jessica Alba, the show introduced Twist, a dating app made by a trio of dudes. The conceit of Twist is that it’s event-based, you choose an event, and then get to look at other people who will also be attending. The panel of advisers worried that it would end with a “sausage fest” of men all looking to meet up with one woman. Everyone rejected it. Planet of the Apps wants you to know that it is very woke, and that not all apps are good.
Before we get into that identity crisis, we have to talk about how convoluted the show’s format is. To start off, contestants begin with an escalator pitch to a four-person panel composed of will.i.am (rich entertainer turned tech person), Gwyneth Paltrow (rich entertainer turned tech person), Jessica Alba (rich entertainer turned tech person), and Gary Vaynerchuk (New Jersey wine merchant turned tech person). Contestants stand on a slow-moving platform and have 60 seconds to convince the panel that their idea is at least worth hearing a bit more about. The panel then votes yes or no. At least one “yes” gets appsmiths to the next round. That’s where we enter the Shark Tank phase, where contestants demo their app and have a chance to win over doubters.
Assuming all goes well, someone on the panel becomes their adviser. The show then shifts to a more documentary format, where the app-makers learn some hard lessons about the biz. And then at the end, they have to make another pitch (that’s three pitch rounds, if you’re keeping count) to investors at Lightspeed Venture Partners. It’s a messy stacking doll of a show.
At the end of the episode, Pair, despite the backing of Jessica Alba, got no VC money, and Companion received a million dollars. Yet I can’t shake the sense that both stand an equal shot at being successful. But that’s how the start-up scene really is: Confusing and arbitrary, with a lot of meetings and tough talk and jargon, and then someone walks away with a million dollars, trying to build a business off of people who are scared of getting assaulted. Okay.
The saga of Companion briefly touches on the actual issues app developers often need to deal with, specifically Sherlocking, when a large tech company copies a smaller company’s functionality, making the latter redundant. In this case, Companion gets Sherlocked by Google. It is, to say the least, supremely weird to watch a company like Apple, which does this stuff all the time, imply that such corporate behavior is wrong or unfair. So Vaynerchuk pushes them to pivot to a premium subscription model. The message is clear: Doing good won’t attract investors, but making money off of fear will.
The Twist rejection was clearly meant as a prelude to Companion, an app that lets users monitor their friends as they travel alone. That one gets immediate support from all four panelists (very woke), with Gary Vaynerchuk taking its creators under his wing.
And then things get muddy. The main problem with these behind-the-scenes segments on Planet of the Apps is that they don’t actually show what goes into making an app. Andrew, the creator of Pair, claims to have the best augmented-reality people in the business working on his app, doing things big companies can’t. But we never meet them. We never even see anyone write or look at code. We never see prototyping or brainstorming. It’s a very superficial presentation of app development — likely by design — meant to convince viewers that all it takes to make an app is a good idea and the will to follow through.
On Thursday, former FBI director James Comey is scheduled to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee. His opening statements — which include quotes from Trump demanding loyalty that feel like they could have been lifted from The Godfather — were made available online earlier today. Comey will deliver them formally tomorrow before the committee, during a televised session starting at 10 a.m. If you’ve got a television handy, just tune into C-SPAN 3 and you’re all set. If not, you’ve got a few options for streaming the hearing from your computer or phone.
Apple, in general, has a confounding approach to original content. Where companies like Netflix and Amazon see quality content as a way to bring in users, Apple’s stuff feels more like marketing. Their Carpool Karaoke spinoff exists as a great way to sell music. You can download every app featured on Planet of the Apps on their App Store, even the ones that suck. Planet of the Apps might not lure in new subscribers, but it’ll probably get some who are already there to try some mediocre software.
Option 2: Stream it directly from the U.S. Senate website. You’ll find a link to Comey’s testimony, as well as other Senate Intelligence Committee hearings, here.
Option 3: Check out the hearing on PBS, which will be livestreaming Comey’s testimony on Thursday morning.
Move it along now, folks. Nothing to see here except some normal New York conversations.
There’s an alarming and wonderful new meme going around right now that involves a popular singing-video generator and the phrase “one thicc bih.” If you haven’t seen one already, it’s easier to show you than to try to explain.
Step 1: Download Ditty and make an account. You can do this by connecting the app to your Facebook or Twitter.
The meme itself was created by an anonymous California teen on Tumblr, who is reportedly very sorry for her role in starting this trend. We, on the other hand, thank her for her service to memedom, and want to spread this trend further. Here’s how to make and share your own version of this week’s hottest meme.
(In case you need more proof, here’s a thread to convince you.)
It’ll now be way easier to accidentally drunk-text your friends real money.
Forget deleting apps in order to make space for your latest selfie — your phone will now do that for you.
It’ll be way harder to Snapchat and drive.
Britney Spears’s Instagram is a near-perfect place. There was that time she Googled a picture of a piece of corn and posted it as though she had just eaten the cob herself. There’s her penchant for videos of her modeling outfits while strutting the halls of her home like a catwalk. And — this is where the “near” in “near-perfect place” comes in — there’s a group of Russian hackers lurking in the comments of her posts. According to a report from researchers at ESET, a Slovakian security firm, a hacking group called Turla has been sending malware instructions via the singer’s Instagram comments.
March 25, 2017: Travis Kalanick’s ex-girlfriend, professional violinist Gabi Holzwarth, tells the press that back in 2014, she and several Uber employees, including Kalanick and Emil Michael, visited an “escort-karaoke bar” in South Korea. One of the female employees present reported the incident to Uber’s human-resources department, a report the company said had been forwarded to Eric Holder as part of his review.
April 27, 2017: As the Uber-Waymo lawsuit heats up, the ex-Googler at the heart of the case, Anthony Levandowski, voluntarily steps down from his role as head of the company’s self-driving unit, effectively removing himself from any involvement with LiDAR technology. Several weeks later, a judge ruled that Uber had to return all of the allegedly stolen files to Google, to which Uber’s attorney sent Levandowski a letter, saying he could be fired if he didn’t do everything he could to help Uber.
Here’s a demo.
Designed and made in Goshen, Indiana, Carved’s resin-and-wood cases are a handsome way to ensure a phone stays unscratched — and, hopefully, uncracked — in case of a drop. If you want to go all out, you can even put a custom design on the back of the phone.
For a dad who likes to snap pics with his smartphone, snap-on lenses make a smartphone pic suddenly look much more pro. This kit has a ton of value, offering up a fish-eye lens, a wide-angle lens, and a macro lens for close-up photos, and works with pretty much any single-lens smartphone on the market. Just be prepared to hold that smile while dad sets up for a family photo.
If your dad is curious about getting some smart home gadgets but maybe isn’t wild about the idea of shelling out for a toaster with Wi-Fi, Wemo’s smart plugs are an excellent jumping-off point. Just stick one into a regular wall outlet, plug in any electronic device, and hey, presto: You can use your smartphone (and Amazon Echo or Google Home) to start controlling when it turns on and off. You’re dad will be able to do anything from from putting plug-in lights on a timer to just turning off that one lamp after he’s already settled into bed.
If you’ve got a dad who likes to cook — especially one who enjoys grilling — a sous-vide machine is a dream come true. Sous-vide (French for “under vacuum”) has been popular in restaurants for years, but only recently has dropped enough in price to make it feasible for the home cook. You seal up your food in a plastic bag — Ziploc freezer bags work fine if you submerge them in water to get all the air out — set the sous-vide cooker to your desired temperature (say, 130 degrees for a medium-rare steak) and then let the sous-vide machine cook it slowly in a water bath, retaining all of its flavor and juice in its sealed bag. About two hours later, all you need to do is sear your food briefly on a hot pan or fire, and it’s ready to eat. Your dad will never eat an overcooked steak again in his life.
https://www.amazon.com/Smart-Wi-Fi-Enabled-Works-Amazon/dp/B01NBI0A6R - $30
Status is a funny little headphone company that makes really great-sounding headphones with no branding in sight. These HD One headphones have superb sound, with good and punchy bass and bright treble. I’ve done compare-and-contrast tests with these headphones and sets that cost six times as much, and the HD Ones come out sounding just as good as their much pricier brethren. They also do a good job of isolating audio, meaning they’ll work as headphones your dad can use while mowing the lawn or just puttering around house.
“Do not throw large kegs off of tall buildings. Please talk to [former Uber software engineer] Ryan McKillen and [current director of engineering] Amos Barreto for specific insights on this topic.”
“Do not have sex with another employee UNLESS a) you have asked that person for that privilege and they have responded with an emphatic ‘YES! I will have sex with you’ AND b) the two (or more) of you do not work in the same chain of command,” wrote Kalanick. “Yes, that means that Travis will be celibate on this trip. #CEOLife #FML.” The burdens of leadership.
Of course, a running undercurrent in the growing Babadiscourse was that peculiar creature of the internet: the earnest, incensed fan. “It started picking up steam within a few weeks,” Ian believes, “because individuals who I presume are heterosexual kind of freaked out over the assertion that a horror-movie villain would identify as queer — which I think was the actual humor of the post, as opposed to just the outright statement that the Babadook is gay.”
“I love pretty drag queens, and I love being pretty sometimes, but I wanted to do something other than go up there and look pretty and sing a pretty song,” Griffin said. “I just thought the image of a sexy Babadook was really funny.” He was one of two performers dressed as the Babadook that evening.
The Babadook’s arbitrary queerness started out as a joke, but has since become a self-aware maybe-parody of the pop-culture discourse itself. “The assumption is always that a character is straight, unless proven otherwise,” Griffin observed. “Why can’t we assume a character is gay without needing evidence for it? I think the post started as a joke, but the more people tried to ridicule it, it made the point stronger almost.”
Brammer noted that discussion about the Babadook isn’t that far removed from how we talk about other fictional characters. “I think that everyone, low-key — no matter what side you’re on, and no matter what your opinions are — gets tired of the discourse,” he theorized. “I won’t call it outrage, because I think that that has a negative connotation to it — but there certainly is a really exhausting conversation. And I think maybe that is something that we can all agree on: that we’re exhausted.”
After more than a year, Alphabet, the holding company formed by Google, has found a buyer for robotics company Boston Dynamics. SoftBank, a Japanese tech firm that has been on a bit of an acquisition spree as of late, has agreed to buy the company for an undisclosed amount. It also picked up a smaller robotics company, Schaft, as part of the deal.
Curious, I downloaded the game onto an Android phone. Pepe Scream is basically a version of Flappy Bird with a bunch of in-jokes for those deeply enmeshed in 4chan/meme culture. You collect chicken tenders, or “tendies.” You can buy various “rare Pepes,” like “Fedora Pepe” and “Neckbeard Pepe.” When you die you get messages like “rekt” or “u dead lol.” And, oh, yeah, you also have to control Pepe by screaming into your phone’s mic. Like a lot of stuff surrounding meme culture, it’s the kind of thing you’d be embarrassed to do in public.
Is it offensive? There’s no doubt that Pepe is now mostly associated with of a group of online users known for spouting a particularly nasty form of ethno-nationalism. The Anti-Defamation League considers Pepe a hate symbol if used within certain contexts. Pepe’s original creator, Matt Furie, decided to kill his creation in protest. And Spirit Realm Games has released several other apps on Android that definitely seem try to be capitalizing on the alt-right’s enthusiasm for all things Trump.
What followed was a descent into levels of UI hell so deep that even Dante himself (R.I.P., bro) probably would have been impressed. Redditors immediately flooded the sub with their own posts, each of which transformed the standard volume slider into an increasingly nightmarish instrument of frustration.
“Very strict and precise volume slider.”
After weeks (and weeks, and weeks) of terrible news — allegations of a horrible work environment, departures of a number of executives, a massive lawsuit brought by Google over stolen technology — for ride-hailing giant Uber, it seems like the bad press might finally be catching up with the company. Or at least with its top brass. Last week, details from an independent report conducted by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder were released to Uber’s board. While details from the report haven’t been made public — Recode reports a source saying it referred to the company as a “hostile workplace” — it seems a safe bet to assume they weren’t good. Following the report, CEO Travis Kalanick is reportedly considering taking a leave of absence from the company, and SVP of business Emil Michael is reportedly being pushed to resign, Recode also reports.
However, this isn’t really the case. A ransomware program known as “KeRanger” was spread through popular BitTorrent app Transmission last year, infecting over 7,000 machines. In February of this year, a ransomware program called “Patcher” — built to look like pirated versions of popular software, like the Adobe Premiere Pro or Microsoft Word — quickly spread across BitTorrent.
Kalanick was also a part of both the South Korea trip and the India rape-report incident, and there have been reports that Kalanick is considering a leave of absence from his role, following his mother’s sudden death in a boating accident that also injured his father. For now, Kalanick remains in his role as CEO of Uber, though as more and more of the top brass walk, or are pushed, out the door, his system of loyal Uber allies seems to be dwindling.
Usually, ransomware is either threatening (e.g., “You have 48 hours to pay up, or the files disappear forever”) or slightly bemused (e.g., “Lol, looks like you got screwed up. Pay up and and we can make this go away”). GPAA plays on a slightly different set of emotions, claiming to be a charity organization that just happens to encrypt nearly every type of file on your computer. The amount demanded can vary wildly — Bleeping Computer shows a ransom note demanding 1.83 bitcoin (about $5,000 USD at current prices), while another found over at the Sensors Tech Forum shows a ransom of 10.91 bitcoin (or about $30,000 USD). Ostensibly, when the malware authors hit 1,000 BTC (or $2.7 million USD), they’ll release all the decryption codes to victims.
Finally, if you actually want to help fight global poverty, donate money of your own accord. (This list is a great place to start.) Not only will you actually be helping people in need, but we’re pretty sure you can’t write off ransom paid via crypto-currency to hackers as charitable giving on your taxes.
The account has now disappeared, though a parody has already popped up in its place. Lorde has yet to comment on her alleged onion-ring social-media empire.
The account’s follower list reportedly included Lorde-connected people like Jimmy Mac and Justin Warren. Supplementing that information, though absent from Newshub’s report, is analysis of the likes on each of the four individual photos, which include double-taps from Siobhan “Eyeris” Carter (listed on LinkedIn as Lorde’s assistant), and Amber Dreadon, the singer’s makeup artist.
Shortly after Newshub contacted Lorde’s people about the account, it disappeared into the ether. Luckily, not before the site nabbed some screenshots, which present a detailed case for the onion-ring account belonging to Lorde. None of the photos show a face, though.
According to Newshub, “The second onion ring consumed was eaten on board a charter plane from Tennessee to New York, and posted online on Tuesday morning (New Zealand time).” That timing would line up with the singer’s performance at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival. The account also reviewed an “onion ring consumed in Sydney … from QT Hotel — a 10-minute drive from Hordern Pavilion, where Lorde played two shows.” According to the reviewer, Burger King’s onion rings only rate one out of five (for what it’s worth, I agree).
But really, how cheap are we talking?
Still, there are downsides. You can only use Project Fi with three phones: The Nexus 5X, the Nexus 6P, and the Google Pixel. No iPhone (or Galaxy) users need apply. I like the Pixel quite a bit, but don’t like the feeling of not being able to move to a different phone if I wanted to.
So, how to figure out which tier is right for you? If you’ve been bopping along on your regular carrier network, you may not even know — and may be overpaying for more data than you need. So first, check out how much data you actually use in a month. On Android, go to Settings > Wireless & Networks > Data Usage, and you’ll get an accurate rundown of how much data you’ve used in the past month — and which apps are using up all that data. On iPhone, go to Settings > Cellular Data, and then scroll to the bottom, where it will give you a breakdown of how much data you’ve used and, again, which apps are using it. (Streaming Netflix or Spotify can chew up your data plan quite quickly, but so can heavy Twitter or Facebook usage, now that video has started to take over both platforms.)
I use between 2 to 4 GB of data per month, so I’d likely go with the medium plan with Mint SIM. While I’d have to shell out $299 upfront for the full year, I’d effectively bring my cell-phone bill down to $26 a month with fees — saving me $20 a month (or $240 a year) from my already-cheap cell-phone plan. Even Mint SIM’s highest tier, at 10 GB per month, is about $20 less per month than anything comparable out there.
Last week’s Apple developers’ conference, WWDC, is one of those major tech events where big announcements are made, products are unveiled, and bold futures are staked. But it’s also a place where many small changes are announced — relatively unglamorous developments that get overshadowed by the sexier news, but that nevertheless have far-reaching implications. And for the quiet little village that is the podcast industry, the introduction of an upcoming feature from Apple is likely going to change things forever.
Following Apple’s announcement, the belief is that major brand advertisers are now very much on the table, and that this is the opportunity for the podcast industry to attract Big Money. But some people in the industry are uneasy about what could happen to podcasting, which has thus far behaved like a community hidden in the woods, sheltered from the pressures that accompany steps forward in technological measurability — and, more broadly, the effects of that Big Money. A parallel is being drawn between blogs — often described as once being a weird, free wonderland of creativity and expression — after they began experiencing these types of developments, and what may happen to podcasts and the relatively low-stakes ecosystem they have thus far enjoyed. Such worries include, among others, content and programming being cynically driven by metrics, the introduction of Big Business that would wipe out the freedom and experimentation afforded by the space, and the death of the medium’s independent spirit.
Uber also published a 13-page document of recommendations from Holder and his associates at the law firm of Covington & Burling, the very first of which is, “Review and Reallocate the Responsibilities of Travis Kalanick,” which the company should be better able to do with the CEO out of the office for an undetermined amount of time. The internal probe was launched after ex-Uber engineer Susan Fowler published a damning blog post about her experiences with sexual harassment and gender discrimination during her year at the company. (A separate probe looking into Uber’s issues was conducted simultaneously by the law firm of Perkins Coie. At least 20 employees were fired as a result of that report earlier in June.)
Other recommendations included “Enhance the Independence of the Board,” which has historically been loyal to Kalanick, and “Provide a Robust and Effective Complaint Process.” (Fowler’s blog post noted that she ran into trouble each time she tried to report an incident to HR, to the point where an HR representative suggested that she [Fowler], not the company, was the root of the problem.) “Institute and Enforce Clear Guidelines on Alcohol Consumption and the Use of Controlled Substances” was another well-timed suggestion: “Uber should consider limiting the budget available to managers for alcohol purchases, restrict reimbursement for alcohol-related events, and include training for managers on appropriate events for retreats and out-of-work events.” (Last week, Recode published an email Kalanick sent employees in 2013 in advance of a company retreat in Miami, which detailed, quite explicitly, the rules for substance use and sex during the trip.) Several pages of the report are dedicated to ways Uber needs to work toward better, diverse hiring practices and ways to help foster the careers of diverse employees already at the company. You can read the full list of recommendations here.
The announcement was timed with a companywide meeting and the internal release of a report, compiled by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, recommending a series of changes to company policy that could fix Uber’s toxic workplace culture and sexual-harassment problems. Kalanick is the second high-ranking executive to announce a departure from Uber this week: Emil Michael, Kalanick’s friend and right-hand man at the company, resigned from his post as SVP of business on Monday. (Both Michael and Kalanick were involved in recently publicized Uber scandals — including a trip to an “escort-style bar” in South Korea with company employees and mishandling medical records of a woman in India who was raped by her Uber driver. These documents were obtained by another Uber exec, Eric Alexander, who has since been fired.)
There’s also the idea that utilities should build extremely advanced VPN “enclaves” around their entire network, masking their public IP addresses (one of the more common ways hackers find their way into a system). Workers are then issued physical devices that only allow authorized users access to the network. But that obviously comes with its own logistical (and budgetary) constraints.
Before panic rises too high, it should be noted that even if this virus was unleashed on a power grid, power would likely be restored in a matter of hours, or perhaps a day — not weeks or months. As security firm Dragos notes, “The electric grid operators train regularly to restore power for similar-sized events such as weather storms.” Still, the ability for unknown actors to cause even brief interruptions to the electrical grid should be enough to give anyone pause.
It wasn’t a problem with Ukraine’s electrical infrastructure. Instead, Kovalchuk — along with many others — suspected that the energy company had been the victim of a cyberattack. Ukrenergo’s IT specialists had discovered a series of transmissions that weren’t supposed to be there, leading them to believe they had been hacked. (During this same time period, Ukraine’s Treasury, Finance, and Defense had all suffered from attacks that disrupted service.) But it was unknown what virus the attackers had used, and why it was so effective at shutting down power to Kiev.
When people talk about cyberattacks, power grids come up frequently: Shut down power to a region, and you can cause mass chaos from afar. Now two security firms, Slovakia’s ESET and the U.S.-based Dragos, have released reports detailing “Industroyer,” (also known as “Crash Override”) a very nasty virus seemingly designed with one purpose — to wreak havoc on industrial equipment, specifically the computers that control electrical substations and circuit breakers. Once the virus is in control, it can do anything from turning the power off, to create rolling blackouts, to inflicting physical damage to the equipment.
It’s able to do this because the protocols controlling substations and circuit breakers were designed decades ago, when it was assumed that industrial networks would remain internal. They are also largely standardized across the world. Engineers back then didn’t consider a world where industrial technology would be accessible to the outside world. “Most of the systems have fairly old technology that’s hard to strengthen against those type of attacks,” says Mike Fumai, president and COO of AppGuard.
Industroyer is a sophisticated piece of software. “It’s complex in that it has multiple stages of attack,” says Fumai. “It has multiple levels of permissions, which it needs to be effective.” Industroyer first infiltrates an energy company’s network and waits to see if the intrusion was detected. If it wasn’t, it then moves on to the next step, infecting computers within the network. Along the way, it builds several backdoors for itself, meaning even if one intrusion point is found, it can still slip in and continue to cause damage. It also has the ability to completely wipe all traces of itself if it is detected.
What’s more, unlike other major cyberattacks against civil infrastructure, it doesn’t require the monitoring and management of a human operator. “The code itself will do the damage,” says Fumai. “In that case, the initial Ukraine attack, that mission was to shut down power grids for a certain amount of time.”
During an all-hands meeting today at Uber to announce the report’s finding, Uber’s chief HR officer, Liane Hornsey, thanked Fowler for speaking up, prompting employees at the meeting to applaud, Mike Isaac of the New York Times reported on Twitter. Hornsey also apparently asked everyone present to stand and hug each other. It seems Uber is taking the suggestion to “Reformulate Uber’s 14 Cultural Values” — which included “Always be hustling’” and “toe-stepping” — seriously and with great haste. (During today’s meeting, Uber board member Arianna Huffington — who is quite proud that Kalanick has begun meditating in a lactation room at Uber’s offices — said a conference room known as the “War Room” will be renamed the “Peace Room,” Isaac also tweeted.) Further attempts to make Uber a less-awful place to work include offering ride credits to employees and serving catered dinner — these are standard at the office — earlier in the evening, so employees who aren’t burning the midnight oil can also take advantage.
The second batch of major press conferences at the yearly video-game convention E3 — including keynotes from Nintendo and Sony — featured a bunch of hotly anticipated games (a new Mario game!), as well as some surprises (Mario can be a frog??). Now that the show floor has opened up to rabid gamers, all fighting to be the first to kiss the new Xbox, here’s a quick recap of what you might have missed.
The most exciting announcement was the reveal of a new Spider-Man game (not related to the upcoming film), full of elaborate web-fu and, mercifully, a minimal amount of “witty” fight banter.
But the biggest news was the closing announcement: The reveal of a long-awaited follow-up to the cult classic Beyond Good & Evil, a sequel that had been teased nearly a decade ago and then never heard from again, except in glancing mentions. Beyond Good & Evil 2 will apparently be a prequel, with cursing monkeys and space bikes. Gamers went nuts online, and creator Michel Ancel cried onstage.
French game developer Ubisoft’s press conference was a lot of expected announcements, and one big surprise. The company kicked it off by revealing some details about its “Mario meets the Rabbids” crossover, which combines the Minions-like rabbit creatures from the company’s famous Rayman series with the world’s most famous Italian plumber. Here’s the upshot: It looks weird as hell.
Reenergized by the release of its newest console, the Switch, Nintendo unveiled a slew of sequels in its beloved franchises. There are few details, but the company is working on a fourth Metroid Prime game and another Metroid for 3DS, which has fans of the perennially ignored franchise excited. There are also new games in the works featuring the beloved characters Kirby and Yoshi, and the Pokémon Company is working on a new “core” game for the Switch, marking the first time a main Pokémon game will be playable on your TV.
And the show closed with a new trailer for a new Mario game: Super Mario Odyssey, which looks bonkers. Mario’s hat apparently gets possessed and then takes over animate and inanimate objects — like businessmen, taxis, and dinosaurs? It’s their big tentpole release for this holiday season, and it looks very fun. They even wrote a song for it!
Sony’s PlayStation conference was in defense mode this year, as the console giant tried to mute some of the interest around Microsoft’s new Xbox model. Mecha-dinosaur adventure game Horizon Zero Dawn is getting some new DLC, and the ten-year-old classic Shadow of the Colossus is getting a spiffy new remake. The reimagining of God of War seen last year also got a new trailer. Notably absent were any new details on Death Stranding, wacko auteur Hideo Kojima’s next game.
Next, Ubisoft showed off the next releases in its flagship megaseries, Assassin’s Creed and Far Cry, both of which had already been announced, but saw new gameplay videos. For fans of Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag, there was the welcome news that that game’s sailing mechanics were being built out into their own full game, Skull and Bones. A South Park mobile card game is also happening.
Uber, the ride-share company that has issued an estimated 10 quadrillion apologies in 2017, was forced to issue one more today, after a very bad sexist joke was made by a board member at today’s all-hands meeting — yes, the all-hands meeting about changing Uber’s corporate culture to be more inclusive and diverse.
To the board and the wider company’s credit, the joke apparently did not land at all in the meeting, which, just to reiterate, was about a damning report covering how the company has historically treated female employees like garbage. Bonderman quickly issued an “I’m sorry if you were offended” apology to employees.
According to leaked audio obtained by Yahoo News, board member David Bonderman of the Texas Pacific Group made a joke at the expense of lone female board member Arianna Huffington: Huffington was speaking about data that showed that one female presence on a board often leads to more female presence down the road. Bonderman joked that the data actually shows that more women leads to more yapping.
On Tuesday, Uber called an all-hands meeting to discuss a report compiled by former U.S. attorney general Eric Holder on how the company could improve Uber’s generally toxic corporate culture. The first item on the list was announcing that Uber’s CEO, Travis Kalanick, will be taking an indefinite leave of absence. (Officially, the word is Kalanick is taking some time to grieve his mother, who died earlier this month in a tragic boating accident that also injured his father.) Other recommendations were aimed at fixing Uber’s sexual-harassment and gender-discrimination problems. Which means there could not have been a less ideal moment for Uber board member David Bonderman — a partner at private equity firm TPG — to direct a sexist joke at Uber’s only female board member, Arianna Huffington. Later on Tuesday, Bonderman announced his resignation from the board, a direct result of the ill-timed joke.
During the meeting, Huffington, according to audio acquired by Yahoo News, told Uber employees that data shows having one woman on a board of directors often leads to other women joining. To which Bonderman quipped that the data actually shows having a woman on the board leads to “more talking.” (Get it? Because women are just so chatty. Hilarious!) By the afternoon, Bonderman had issued an apology for the joke, “I deeply regret it.” And maybe on any other day in Uber’s history — remember when Uber executive Emil Michael joked that the company should do opposition research to use against journalists, and then stayed on for several more years before his forced resignation — that wan apology would have been sufficient. But this was not any other day at Uber.
“I do not want my comments to create distraction as Uber works to build a culture of which we can be proud,” Bonderman said in a statement, the New York Times reports. “I need to hold myself to the same standards that we’re asking Uber to adopt. Therefore, I have decided to resign from Uber’s board of directors, effective tomorrow morning.” Arianna Huffington said she appreciates “David doing the right thing for Uber at this time of critical cultural changes at the company.” Now we wait and see if those changes actually amount to anything concrete.
In an interview in 2010, Thacker reminisced about the creation of the Alto:
In a very real way, the thing that you’re using to read these words — whether that’s your desktop computer, laptop, smartphone, or tablet — exists because of the work of Charles Thacker, who passed away in Palo Alto on Monday, June 12, at the age of 74.
Thacker was the main designer behind the Xerox Alto, the first modern PC with a graphical user interface (GUI), complete with resizable windows, a mouse-based interface, and icons representing data files. Released in 1973, the computer was a commercial failure but a conceptual revolution; separate visits by Steve Jobs and Bill Gates to Xerox’s Palo Alto Research Center to see the machine eventually led to the creation of the Macintosh and Windows operating systems. The Alto also used Ethernet, another invention Thacker worked heavily on, creating an easy way to network personal computers.
After the Alto, Thacker’s main focus became creating a tablet computer. Fellow Xerox engineer Alan Kay had the idea for what he called a “Dynabook,” — a computer with the form factor of a book that would be permanently networked, allowing for its contents to be continuously updated. Thacker took the idea and ran with it, eventually migrating to Microsoft where he worked on their Tablet PC, released in 2002. Again, while Microsoft’s version of the tablet was not a success, it laid the foundation for tablet computers to come — including, of course, the iPad.
15. Businessman Mario
In an email to Ars Technica, Thomas Haigh, a computer historian and professor at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, wrote: “Alto is the direct ancestor of today’s personal computers. It provided the model: GUI, windows, high-resolution screen, Ethernet, mouse, etc. that the computer industry spent the next 15 years catching up to. Of course others like Alan Kay and Butler Lampson spent years evolving the software side of the platform, but without Thacker’s creation of what was, by the standards of the early 1970s, an amazingly powerful personal hardware platform, none of that other work would have been possible.”
I anticipate that many will have a problem with dinosaur Mario being placed so low on this list. But dinosaur Mario looks like a gimmick. It looks like one of those funny things that happens in a video game for 30 seconds and then never again. Dinosaur Mario is very compelling in theory, but probably not in practice.
12. Tank Mario
14. Binoculars Mario
It’s the Mario hat on binoculars! Cute!
13. Dinosaur Mario
The businessman Mario possesses is ranked last on this list because of all of the thorny questions that it makes me consider. Unlike standard Mario enemies, which are evil, probably nonconscious, sentient human beings remain a big ethical question mark. Can the businessman feel the core of his very essence being cleaved in two as Mario warps into his body? Furthermore, what happens to his consciousness when Mario takes over? Lastly, does the besuited man’s mere existence in the Mario universe signal that the fat plumber is, like most laborers, being crushed under the boot of capitalism while this guy retires to his penthouse apartment each night?
11. Fire Blob Mario
One of the all-time greatest Mario Party mini-games was called “Shell Shocked,” and I appreciate any unintentional reference to that game, which saw each of the Mario characters’ bodies replaced with a goddamn tank. I do think Mario is getting a bit cozy with the military-industrial complex though. Not cool to see a tank on the civilian streets of New Donk City.
10. Koopa Mario
Koopa Mario looks like a Pistachio Disguisey creation. He’s not fooling anyone with that getup. “Hello, it is me, Mario, the jumping maintenance man we all know and love, and definitely not a turtle.”
A blob of lava with a hat and a mustache and an expression that reads, “What has become of my life?” As Mario would say, “Mamma mia! Perfecto!”
9. Chain Chomp Mario
Chain Chomp Mario is my round, grinning son. He is pictured here with his best friend, who is coming in hot for a big smoocharoonie.
8. Fish Mario
Blub. That’s all I got to say about that.
7. Bullet Bill Mario
6. Easter Island Mario
Given that this year will also see the release of Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle — or as I refer to it, Mario With a Gun — Nintendo had to raise the stakes with its first-party offering. Mario with a gun? No, Mario IS a BULLET.
It’s tough to decide which detail is better here: the shades, which appear to control the level layout, or the earring, which has no discernible purpose. Yet. This is Hedo Rick Mario, and he’s rippin’ and tearin’.
5. Rocket Mario
It’s kinda weird that it took Nintendo more than 30 years to realize that slapping a Mario hat and mustache on literally anything is an unfathomably funny joke, even more so when the object resembles a face in no way.
4. Electric Mario
This is a perfect depiction of what I imagine happens whenever anyone sends an angry tweet.
3. Goomba Mario
2. Frog Mario
To know one’s enemy, you must become that enemy. The stomper becomes the stomped. Now, Mario truly understands the Goomba’s struggle.
1. Taxi Mario
Hell yeah, they should make a game starring just the Mario frog. What a good boi he is.
God is dead and taxi Mario killed him.
Yesterday, Nintendo finally revealed the main gameplay mechanic of Super Mario Odyssey, and it is … concerning. From what I can tell from the trailer, an evil top hat has taken control of Mario’s hat, and now, Mario can possess things — objects, people, vehicles — when he places his hat on their heads. Mario can become literally anything, but only I know which Mario form is the best one. What follows is a definitive ranking.
New York governor Andrew Cuomo probably thought he had a lay up when he posted a quick tweet bragging about Audi’s autonomous vehicles hitting the highways of New York.
Twitter users, however, had a different set of priorities for Cuomo to focus on. Maybe, say, preventing disasters like the F train from hell that traumatized New Yorkers last week.
To be fair, Cuomo has shown quite a bit of love to bridges and tunnels — he took $500 million intended for subways, buses, and trains run by the MTA and instead used it to install cashless tollbooths on NYC’s bridges. He’s also spending an unknown amount from the MTA’s capital plan on installing colorful, choreographed LED lighting on the seven bridges controlled by the MTA. “You’ll have bridges all across the New York City area that are choreographed,” said Cuomo at the beginning of this year. “Nothing like this has been done on the planet.”
Sadly, those pretty lights will be hidden from view for anyone stuck underground in New York City’s rapidly decaying transit system.
After looking through the more-than-100 replies for anything besides variations on “fix the subway,” this is the best I could find:
After a year in which we’ve barely been able to go a week without new horror stories emerging from Uber, it seems as though even the company’s staunchest defenders can now agree that the ride-sharing service has a deeply dysfunctional corporate culture — a culture that trickled down through the company from its top executives, and a culture that has taken Uber investors and executives far too long to identify, criticize, and correct.
But what about us — the customers whose mass adoption of a phone-based taxi service has turned Uber into a tech-industry unicorn? In Bloomberg yesterday, Shira Ovide argued that Uber users deserve blame, too: “We might wince when we hear about the people who assemble iPhones working under grueling conditions,” she writes, “but we don’t stop buying iPhones” — nor, for that matter, do we stop hailing Ubers. Today, Farhad Manjoo echoes Ovide’s argument in the New York Times, and tells readers to vote with their wallets. “To encourage a better Uber,” argues Manjoo, “it’s time to play the only card you’ve got: If it backslides or otherwise fails to live up to the promises it’s making now, stop using Uber.”
It’s a tempting argument in part because Uber seems uniquely vulnerable to boycotts: It collects fees directly from its users, unlike its tech-industry peers, which tend to wring value out of their users by selling ad space. That’s part of why this past January’s #DeleteUber outrage scared the company. But the #DeleteUber campaign also demonstrates the limits of the vote-with-your-wallet model. Despite the loss in users, Uber’s numbers kept going up; it added more riders than it lost in the same period, and continues to do so even as more of its internal toxicity bubbles to the surface.
To some extent, this is because Uber acts like a commodity business: It competes with Lyft and other rivals almost entirely on price. As United Airlines will tell you, transport businesses are pretty invulnerable to controversy; even the most morally righteous consumers tend to buy the cheapest plane tickets available. Right now, Lyft and Uber cost roughly the same, and in the categories in which they’re competing — like wait time — the effects of Uber’s enormous and essentially unstoppable network give it a significant edge.
But even that hides the real problem with attempting to leverage consumer power against Uber. The vote-with-your-wallet equation seems simple: If fewer people take rides on Uber, the company won’t make money, and it will be forced to change. The thing is, though, Uber doesn’t actually make money right now in the first place. Uber’s business is perpetually, wildly unprofitable, and its rides are cheap because it uses investor cash to subsidize them. (In the Financial Times, Izabella Kaminska has persuasively argued that Uber is essentially a transfer of wealth, from rich investors and overworked drivers to the middle-class passengers who enjoy below-market prices on their taxi rides.)
Because of the structures of Silicon Valley and venture capital, its users don’t hold direct financial power over Uber. Uber has billions of dollars in cash not because it has collected money from users, but because it has convinced deep-pocketed investors to shell out in exchange for a stake in the company. Sure, Uber needs to maintain a certain level of use — but for the most part, Uber’s drive to keep bringing in new customers is so it can have a bigger y-axis to show investors. As with many cash-burning start-ups, consumer power is real, but it’s indirect, and boycotts can be mitigated with a new influx of cash from investors. Even if Uber’s user base slowed, it’d still have billions left to operate with.
The “just don’t use Uber!” argument — which I have personally tried to live by for years — is also, in 2017, unrealistic for many. It’s an easy argument to make if you live in a city with a bustling public-transit system (even New York’s subway, which craps the bed on an hourly basis). But for many markets that Uber serves, including its home base of San Francisco, public transportation is lacking, and taxi services — which don’t have millions of dollars in tech-focused investment — can’t match Uber’s prices or convenience. In some towns, Uber has partnered with local governments to offer “last mile” service to and from public-transit hubs like train stations. Part of the reason that it subsidizes rides so heavily, in order to keep costs down, is so that people become reliant on the service. “Don’t use Uber” doesn’t mean “take the bus,” it means “budget time for 45 minutes on foot.”
Manjoo, to his credit, recognizes this: “There’s a lot at stake,” he writes. “Ride-sharing, as an industry and a civic utility, is too big an idea to be left to a company like the one Uber is now. The company that wins this industry is bound to become one of the world’s most powerful corporations.” Uber’s cynical play is to burn through investor cash until it can leverage autonomous-driving technology to become what is effectively a privately owned public-transit operation. The response to Uber’s corporate malfeasance should not be to deny Uber your business in the hopes of awarding the ultimate prize to Lyft, itself no pure innocent — it should be to use civic power to ensure that the future of transportation lies in the hands of an organization committed to fairness and justice for its employees and its users. And that means, of course, calling your elected representatives, educating yourself about local politics, and voting with your ballot, not your wallet.
During a companywide meeting called on Tuesday to discuss the ways Uber is trying to fix its historically horrendous office culture and widespread sexism and discrimination issues, board member Arianna Huffington said data shows that having one woman — she is currently Uber’s only female board member — on a board often leads to having other women join. To which a fellow board member, David Bonderman of private equity firm TPG, replied the data actually shows that having a woman on a board means “it’s much more likely to be more talking.” (Cue a reaction from the room which the New York Times characterized as “aghast.”) Several hours later, Bonderman issued a formal apology to Uber employees for his joke. A few hours after that, he resigned his post on the board. Earlier that same day, Travis Kalanick, Uber’s CEO, announced he’d be taking an indefinite leave of absence from the company. For a man quipping about how women can’t seem to stop talking, David Bonderman couldn’t have picked a worse day to open his trap.
Since its launch in 2010, Uber has become known for its aggressive workplace environment — the company’s 14 cultural values include “always be hustlin’,” “meritocracy and toe-stepping,” and “principled confrontation” — which was heavily influenced, and often championed, by Kalanick. Those, as per Tuesday’s meeting, will be replaced in the coming weeks. But words are just denotations; changing “always be hustlin’” to something like “do your best work for only a reasonable number of hours per week and maintain a healthy work/life balance” isn’t actually going to fix Uber. People will still have “hustlin’” on the brain. Arianna Huffington can rename Uber’s “War Room” the “Peace Room” all she likes, but until the top brass at the company get a better grasp of the right and wrong ways to conduct themselves, and subsequently conduct business at Uber, nothing will change.
Kalanick is taking leave so the 40-year-old can have some time to grieve his late mother, who died in a boating accident earlier this month. But it comes at a pivotal time for Uber, which has been plagued by scandals for months now. Many of the stories that have come out in 2017 — including reports of a company visit to an “escort-style bar” in South Korea, an executive obtaining the medical records of a woman in India who was raped by her driver in 2014, and an ill-advised argument with a driver back in February — directly involved Kalanick, and occurred years earlier. More often than not, excuses were made, apologies were issued, and Kalanick, flanked by his cohort of loyal Uber executives, went back to business at usual, all while observers — and many employees — wondered why it had taken so long for Uber’s rotten corporate culture to face a challenge.
But Bonderman’s comment on Tuesday reveals that the problem at the ride-hailing company is much bigger than just a notorious — remember “boober” — CEO who has raised eyebrows and made headlines for years. Maybe the reason it has taken so long for Uber to realize it has a problem — and it does have a problem — is that the people closest to Kalanick can’t seem to differentiate between a good move and a bad one, even when the difference has been handed to them, quite literally, in a 13-page report.
The reason Bonderman, Huffington, and the entirety of Uber’s staff — minus a noticeably absent Kalanick — were even having a meeting on Tuesday has to do with a former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler, and a scorched-earth blog post she published back in February, detailing her year at the company. In it, Fowler wrote of being solicited for sex by her manager and being continually ignored, or even chastised, for reporting gender discrimination incidents to Uber’s HR department. Within days, Uber announced it was tasking former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder — Holder works for the law firm of Covington & Burling, which Uber keeps on retainer — with conducting an internal probe of the company over several months, culminating in Tuesday’s report of recommendations for fixing those issues. Despite all this, Bonderman still thought it was okay to make a crack undercutting women during Tuesday’s report presentation. (Bonderman later said in a statement that his comment was intended to come off as the opposite of how it was interpreted. Which, sure.)
For lower-level employees, Holder’s report is finally offering public confirmation of incidences and issues people have been witnessing, and experiencing, at Uber for years. “They have had meetings internally for years where people brought up these concerns,” one anonymous Uber employee told BuzzFeed News. “None of this news is going to come as a surprise to anybody who’s ever spent any time at Uber,” a different ex-employee said to BuzzFeed. “How much [of the Holder report] is sort of cosmetic versus how much they actually plan to live it?” If Uber’s higher-ups had pointed their ears down the food chain in years past, and acted on the discontent they were hearing, the company might not have ever reached its present day of reckoning. It wouldn’t have needed it.
While she reportedly groaned, “Come on, David,” in response to Bonderman’s comment, Arianna Huffington’s behavior in recent weeks has also indicated a similar lack of awareness. Speaking at a conference in New York earlier this month, Huffington told the audience that Kalanick used an open lactation room to meditate in when he needed to clear his head at the office. (Uber doesn’t currently have meditation rooms, though Huffington also said those are forthcoming.) She seemed very impressed with Kalanick’s choice of action, retelling the story as though the top man at the company — who likely has his own office with walls and a closable door — using a private space designated for breastfeeding employees was acting appropriately, or even admirably. Prior to his (likely forced) resignation earlier this week, Emil Michael served as Uber’s senior vice-president of business, where he was a close confidant of Kalanick’s. In 2014, Michael suggested that the company should do opposition research on reporters to “give the media a taste of its own medicine.” These are the people who, until very recently, surrounded and bolstered Uber and Kalanick. A fish might rot from the head, but at Uber, the stink seems to have found its way to the torso, too.
The quick turnaround from Bonderman’s sexist joke to his resignation bodes somewhat well for Uber’s future. (It’s worth noting, he only resigned after audio from the meeting was leaked to the press, and that the Texas Pacific Group will still maintain a seat on Uber’s board, sans Bonderman.) Still, it’s a start. And cleaning house — at least 20 people were fired following a different internal misconduct investigation earlier this month — of employees whose actions don’t reflect what the new Uber needs to be about to survive may be Uber’s best chance for success.
File to: New York City Public Transportation Is an Ever-Growing Hellscape. On Wednesday morning, 6 train service was suspended after a water-main break flooded a station near East 143rd Street. Trains in both directions remained out of commission for three hours, before resuming service with delays, NBC New York reports. Fortunately, one unlucky straphanger was able to capture the incident on camera. Turn the sound on for the lovely sounds of a passenger comforting another passenger, “It’s okay, you’re not gonna die.” Just what you want to hear on your daily commute.
A fun thing about the MTA continuing to fail is that your options for playing Would You Rather are growing almost daily. Would you rather be stuck on a 6 train while gross brown water pours into the tunnel around you, or would you rather be trapped on this stalled F train without lights or air conditioning for an hour.
Uber, the ride-hailing app that has seen its fortunes fall precipitously in the past year, may now be facing a probe by the Federal Trade Commission, with the FTC focusing on whether Uber stepped on its customers’ rights to privacy.
As Recode points out, the FTC regularly investigates claims like this without deciding to move forward. But the FTC has taken a more aggressive stance in consumer privacy in the past few years.
According to Recode, the probe centers on, among other things, Uber employees’ “misuse of ‘god view,’ a tool that had previously allowed some at Uber to spy on the whereabouts of politicians, celebrities and others using the ride-hailing app.”
In 2012, Google agreed to pay $22.5 million — the highest fine ever paid by a company — after undisclosed tracking of Safari users. In 2011, Facebook was forced to agree to 20 years of privacy audits by the FTC after it was determined it wasn’t following its own privacy agreements with users. And in 2014, Snapchat settled with the FTC after admitting that its claims that Snapchat messages permanently disappear were false.
More recently, the FTC leveled $2.2 million in fines against TV-maker Vizio, after it was discovered that the TV was using complicated tech to determine exactly what you were watching, and then selling this data to third-party data brokers.
The FTC probe may turn out to be nothing for Uber — and even if it does turn into something, Uber likely longs for the days when a potential million-dollar fine was its biggest concern. But the FTC probe, coming during a period when a new scandal about the company hits the press on a daily basis, couldn’t have come at a worse time.
Twitter rolled out a big ol’ redesign this morning. It’ll soon be available across desktop, iOS and Android, and TweetDeck. The update is mostly stylistic and changes little to nothing about Twitter’s functionality. (No tweet-editing options in sight, sadly.) Tweets now update in real time to show you the number of replies, retweets, and likes you’ve gotten. The app has a new navigation menu. The platform has an updated font, corners of images are rounded, and — this one seems to be the biggest complaint online — avatars are circular instead of square. To our untrained eyes, it looks … fine.
But Twitter is the world’s greatest platform for minor complaints, which means that it puts itself in an awkward position when it gives its users a reason to complain. On Twitter, people are really letting Jack Dorsey and his compatriots know what’s up. Of course, there’s a certain beauty to a group of people complaining about how much they hate something, while having to use that exact thing to do said complaining.
Fortunately for Twitter, everybody will likely be over this soon enough. Remember how outraged you were when Instagram changed its logo? Of course you don’t.
Last week — though it feels like we’ve lived a year’s worth of Uber news since then — Eric Alexander, Uber’s then-president of business in Asia, parted ways with the company after Recode revealed he had tracked down medical records of a woman who was raped by her driver in India in 2014. (He showed the records to Uber SVP Emil Michael, who resigned earlier this week, and CEO Travis Kalanick, who has since taken an indefinite leave of absence.) Alexander, and other executives at Uber, reportedly believed the woman might have been lying about her rape and the incident could have been falsified by Ola, an Indian Uber competitor. Now, the rape victim — who lives in Texas and remains anonymous — is suing all three men for “intrusion into private affairs, public disclosure of private facts and defamation,” the New York Times reports.
Super Mario Odyssey
The original Shadow of the Colossus, a 2005 cult classic, is one of those games that I’ve been hearing about for a decade but have never played because I’ve never owned a Sony console. It’s kind of sad that the thing in the Sony press conference which made me most interested in finally getting a PlayStation was a remake of a very old game — but it doesn’t make me any less interested.
A new Mario that looks beautiful and and allows you to possess dinosaurs, and Goombas, and taxis? I am fully on board. It looks nuts and I can play it on my commute. Plus, there’s a whole legion of Mario fans out there, myself included, who couldn’t justify buying Nintendo’s last console, the Wii U, making this their first console Mario game in probably seven years. I’m sold.
Shadow of the Colossus remake
A rare two-colossi E3. Wolfenstein: The New Order, the recent reboot of the original, Nazi-killing, first-person shooter, was a solid FPS that never really grabbed me. I didn’t much care for the retroactive attempt at making BJ Blazkowicz a complex person, and a lot of it just felt generic. There was something off, and a little clunky about the whole affair. (Even a level in a Nazi base on the moon felt like a missed opportunity — which, come on, how do you botch a Nazi moon base.) But there was enough to it that I’m excited for Wolfenstein: The New Colossus, which looks to take the first’s mildly spacey proof-of-concept and amp everything up. Milkshake-loving nazis, LSD-induced cartoon lizard hallucinations, a head-exploding shotgun — the big three that every video game needs.
Wolfenstein: The New Colossus
Cuphead
Anthem
Look, I could try and explain why I’m excited for Cuphead, but it’s so much easier to have you watch this short teaser.
Part of me is a bit skeptical of the mechanical exoskeleton action RPG Anthem, given how similar it looks to BioWare’s other space RPG, Mass Effect, but there’s hope. According to a recent Kotaku investigation, Mass Effect: Andromeda flopped hard in part because so many people were working on Anthem instead. Maybe Andromeda’s losses will be Anthem’s gain. Or maybe it’ll be another space opera about trying to unlock a single cutscene where your character has sex with an alien. Only time will tell.
Crackdown
A lot has changed since Crackdown first came onto the scene, leaping and bounding all over the open-world genre. But even with Crackdown 2’s messiness, there’s something un-fuck-with-able at the core of the series: seeing an agility orb in the distance and leaping to it, and hearing that ping as you gain the ability to jump just a little bit higher.
PlayerUnknown’s BattleGrounds on console
I’ve only played about a half hour of PUBG, but I’ve watched so much more of it on Twitch, which is why it’s exciting that a large console player base will eventually be a part of it. I have a sneaking suspicion that Microsoft locked PUBG down not only because it’s a great game, but because streaming it from an Xbox means doing so via Mixer, its Twitch-like streaming service.
Kirby is good. It just warms my heart to know that there is a new Kirby game in the works. I will not tolerate any Kirby disrespect.
Assassin’s Creed: Origins
Kirby 2018
I have a soft spot in my heart for the never-ending Assassin’s Creed series, which despite its many problems is saved by the mere ability to explore historical environments in ways that other games don’t even get close to. I’ve played them all, even the notoriously bug-ridden Unity (I thought it was competent). Developer Ubisoft has put out at least one game in the series since 2007, save for last year; hopefully the breathing room allowed for Origins — set in Pharaonic Egypt — has resulted in a stronger game. And even if it’s simply as good as 2015’s Assassin’s Creed Syndicate, that’s fine too.
The Xbox One X
I wish I had a well-considered, thought-out reason for why I own an Xbox One instead of a PlayStation 4 but I don’t. I don’t play a ton of online multiplayer, and none of PlayStation’s exclusives really matter to me (at least, until Hideo Kojima’s Death Stranding comes out). No, I own an Xbox One for the simple reason that I bought hundreds of Rock Band tracks on the 360 and wanted them to carry over to the current console generation. On some days it seems like, I am the last remaining Rock Band player. Despite the fact that the box works fine, my current Xbox One is showing some wear and tear. I have to fully power it off because it has a loud coil whine in sleep mode. And even then, it will sometimes just turn on by itself? And the current operating system technically functions, but it’s slow and sluggish. So I’ve accepted that I’ll trade up to an Xbox One X at some point, not because I own a 4K television (I don’t), but because my current Xbox is genuinely starting to feel… old (even though it’s not).
Well, after six press conferences, a bajillion trailers, and a slew of video game previews that all say something like “we’ll see if the game can deliver on its promises later this year,” the yearly video-game conference/press orgy E3 is coming to a close. Here’s what stood out.
Jane Doe’s rapist, Shiv Kumar Yadav, was brought to trial in India in 2014 and is currently serving a life sentence. (Uber was banned in Delhi until June of 2015 as a result of the incident.) In 2015, Doe brought a different suit against Uber for failing to properly background check Yadav. She later withdrew the suit and agreed to mediation. Doe is represented by Douglas Wigdor, who filed the suit in California courts earlier this week. “Rape denial is just another form of the toxic gender discrimination that is endemic at Uber and ingrained in its culture,” Wigdor said, the Times reports.
Uber’s misogynistic culture and rampant sexual-harassment problems have been making headlines — though employees have known, and complained, about them for years — in recent months. Back in February, ex-Uber engineer Susan Fowler published a damning blog post about her experiences at the company, prompting a months-long independent review by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. The report was released earlier this week and its first recommendation was the company “review and reallocate” Kalanick’s duties.
On Tuesday, at an internal, all-hands meeting, a parade of Uber executives and directors announced a set of sweeping changes to company policy stemming from an investigation into what had become a rotten internal culture. Maybe unsurprisingly, Uber leadership wasn’t able to make it through the meeting without a major unforced error — David Bonderman, a board member, suggested that the presence of Arianna Huffington, the board’s only female member, had produced “more talking” at its meetings — but the recommendations themselves seemed reasonable and thoughtful, from the small-scale — weekly free dinner would now be served at seven, rather than eight, to better accommodate Uber employees with families — to the company-wide — Travis Kalanick, the founder and CEO to whom many of Uber’s cultural problems have been attributed, would be taking a leave of absence.
Though it didn’t get as much attention as Kalanick’s leave of absence, one notable consequence was that a few of Uber’s infamous 14 company values, some of which one former employee told me “people used as an excuse to just be assholes,” would be changed or scrapped altogether. “You know the cultural value about ‘Working smarter, longer, and harder’?” Huffington told the assembled employees. “Well, ‘longer’ is gone, because Uber is a data-driven company, and the data shows unequivocally that when you work longer, you’re not working smarter.”
Other Uber values getting cut include “toe-stepping,” “hustling,” and “principled confrontation” — ideas that manifest themselves not just in an uncomfortable workplace environment but in Uber’s insistent refusal to agree to even the most basic restrictions on its business practices in the name of safety, privacy, or the common good. Kalanick in particular has long embodied and pushed the company’s hard-charging ethos and wholesale rejection of compromise. “He’s an ideologue,” one person close to Kalanick told me. “Not a political ideologue, but if he believes something is right, that’s it.” Several Uber employees pointed me to the company’s refusal to go along with calls for stricter background checks for drivers as emblematic of the company’s approach. While many on Uber’s public-policy team pushed to make that relatively simple concession, Kalanick and others on the business side of the company argued that it would slow the company’s growth. According to one person, Kalanick pointed to data showing that prior convictions do not necessarily predict future criminal behavior, and that he had no interest in agreeing to a regulation simply for show. “Let builders build,” another value being left behind, had become a complete unwillingness to compromise. “There were some moments when 80 percent of what we wanted was on the table, but anything less than 100 percent was unacceptable,” one former member of the public-policy team said.
That those values would be ditched or adjusted is important because they reflect a recognition that in many cases the same institutional values that enabled a toxic corporate culture have also forged a foundation for Uber’s business. Take, for instance, Huffington’s declaration about working shorter hours — an admirable shift in the company’s attitude that’s apparently not an ethos it’s willing to apply more broadly to its drivers. Last month, Uber responded to a Massachusetts proposal to cap driver hours at 70 in a given week, for safety reasons, by arguing that, “many individuals in many different industries work 70 hours in a seven-day period.” Uber refuses to consider its drivers employees who could receive benefits or a minimum wage, despite the fact that half of all Uber rides, and half of the company’s revenue, are provided by full-time drivers. A good night’s sleep apparently doesn’t apply to Uber’s drivers.
One way of thinking about all this that might be comforting to Uber’s investors is that Kalanick’s aggressive style was necessary in the company’s early days, and is no longer needed now that the company is established. But many transit experts point out that regulation tends to go in waves, and that issues Uber may think it has solved — the employment status of its drivers, whether it should be regulated as a technology company or a transportation provider — will likely continue to come up. On Tuesday, as the company released its internal recommendations, news reports relayed a New York state judge’s ruling that a group of Uber drivers should be considered employees for purpose of receiving unemployment benefits. (Uber has appealed the decision.) Recode reported yesterday that the Federal Trade Commission is probing the company’s privacy practices. One New York lawyer told me he currently has lawsuits representing drivers in ten different states. Multiply all those challenges by 75 — the number of countries in which Uber currently operates — and you can begin to understand the legal challenges the company will continue to face.
Up to now, Uber has represented itself as a sort of David launching attacks at various entrenched transportation “Goliaths.” But its sling was always loaded with billions in venture capital, and its ability to topple giants was entwined with its willingness to fight dirty. Can a cuddlier version of the company still pursue world domination with the same aggressive zeal? And if it can’t, what will that mean for its future? The scary prospect for investors and employees is not that Uber was uniquely toxic, but that it was necessarily so. If we can’t stomach how Uber treats employees, we may not be able to stomach how it treats contractors, cities, and regulations, either.
Such regulations led the company to leave Austin, Texas, and most of New York state, choosing instead to bide its time and expend considerable time and money pushing for friendlier regulations. (Austin has gotten along perfectly fine thanks to several local operators willing to abide by the stricter regulations, including one that operates as a nonprofit.) A year after leaving Austin, and after successfully lobbying the Texas state legislature to supersede the city’s regulations, Uber came back last month. In a few weeks, it will expand to the rest of New York, having spent more than $9 million on lobbying in the state last year. (It was recently fined by the state for underreporting that figure by $6 million.) In Nevada, Uber and Lyft collectively spent more on lobbying than the entire gambling industry. When money isn’t enough, Uber has sometimes resorted to deliberately deceiving regulators and law-enforcement officials.
After rumors circulated yesterday that Amazon was considering purchasing Slack, the company announced today it is acquiring Whole Foods Market — a grocery store known to many of us mortals as “Whole Paycheck” — in a deal worth $13.7 billion. The merger went down in an all-cash transaction, with shares valued at $42 each, and is expected to be complete, pending approval from Whole Foods shareholders, by the end of the year.
“Whole Foods Market has been satisfying, delighting and nourishing customers for nearly four decades — they’re doing an amazing job and we want that to continue,” Amazon founder Jeff Bezos said of the deal. “This partnership presents an opportunity to maximize value for Whole Foods Market’s shareholders, while at the same time extending our mission and bringing the highest quality, experience, convenience and innovation to our customers,” John Mackey, CEO and co-founder of Whole Foods, also said. (Worth noting, Mackey, who has seen his company sales drop consistently over the last seven quarters, recently ripped into a billionaire whose hedge fund holds a 9 percent stake in Whole Foods for trying to sell the company, calling him a “Ringwraith” à la The Lord of the Rings.) Mackey will maintain his post after the sale is complete.
The highest compliment I can give Samsung’s new Frame television — its latest “lifestyle” TV meant for the design-conscious crowd — was that I walked by it without even noticing it was there.I was at Samsung 837, the brand’s flagship space nestled in the shadow of the High Line, chatting with some reps from Samsung. When I asked to see the Frame, they grinned. “You already did.”
Along a brick wall, the Frame was surrounded by framed prints. The TV itself, showing a black-and-white surfing photograph by the late, great John Severson, was unnoticeable until you saw the slight glow the photograph gave off, separating it from its analog neighbors. Built by Swiss designer Yves Béhar, the Frame — available for order starting June 18 — is the latest attempt by Samsung to create TVs that look better than the rectangles of injection-molded black plastic that have dominated the look of TV sets since the advent of HDTV. Its 2015 Serif TV, built in collaboration with MoMA and the Bouroullec Brothers, was a bold piece of mid-century-modern design that made your television into a statement piece.
Where the Serif was bold, the Frame is subtle. It’s meant to be hung on your wall, coming with a mounting system that allows it to lie flush against whatever it’s mounted on — the same as any framed picture. If you want the full effect, you’ll also want to get snap-on wooden bezels (sold separately), which come in three shades: white, beige, and walnut.When it’s not being used as a TV, it displays 1 of 100 different prints from 37 different artists, from the precise symmetry of photographer Todd Eberle to the bold, colorful still lifes of Holly Coulis. If you don’t like anything that’s available, or just want something new, you can buy new individual pieces of art for $19.99 from Samsung’s online store, subscribe to the full collection for $4.99 per month, or load in your own art via a USB stick.It’s 4K UHD screen, built for low reflectivity, is more than crisp enough to display even fine-grain details — I had to lean in to about an inch away before I began to be able to distinguish pixels — and has some clever touches, like creating subtle shadows in the corners of the ersatz matting surrounding the print to give the illusion of depth.Instead of a tangle of HDMI and coaxial cables attached to the back, the Frame uses an extremely thin, nearly translucent fiber cord — what it dubs the “Invisible Connection” cable — to connect to a Samsung One Connect box, which you can tuck away somewhere not quite so gauche as your typical home-entertainment setup and connect your cable box, streaming devices, or gaming consoles.When you’re ready to watch TV, the screen quality is very solid. It’s comparable to the LCD panel you’d get with Samsung’s MU8000 line, which means you get premium features like a 4K UHD screen and support for HDR, or high dynamic range, which allows for darker blacks and brighter whites. When you’re done watching TV, you switch the Frame back to the creatively named “Art Mode,” and the Frame goes back to just being a pretty picture on your wall.All this elegance comes at a price. A 55-inch Frame comes in at $1,999, and a 65-inch comes in at an eye-watering $2,799. Those snap-on bezels that really make the Frame shine are $200 for the 55-inch model, and $250 for the 65-inch version. At these prices, you could realistically pick up a high-end OLED screen or one of Samsung’s top-of-the-line QLED panels.The current generation of high-end TV sets, like LG’s “wallpaper” OLED screen — about as thin as three credit cards stacked on top of each other — are wonders of industrial engineering. But they’re not exactly beautiful. And unless your home is a testament to stark minimalism, it’s not something meant to complement your interior design.Let’s be honest. If you’re eyeing the Frame, it’s not because you dream of a TV capable of displaying 1,000 nits of brightness or using the DCI-P3 color range. You want it because it means you can switch from watching an episode of Veep on your couch to just showing off an Oskar Enander print while entertaining. You want it because it’s a TV that doesn’t look like a TV.
A bug in Facebook’s software accidentally put content moderators at risk after exposing their names and identities to suspected terrorists, leading at least one to go into hiding for a period of time. According to The Guardian, “The security lapse affected more than 1,000 workers across 22 departments at Facebook who used the company’s moderation software to review and remove inappropriate content from the platform, including sexual material, hate speech and terrorist propaganda.”
The bug showed a moderator’s personal info in the activity logs for Facebook groups where the target was an admin. If that admin was removed from Facebook, remaining group admins could see the moderator’s personal details. Six people who worked in a counterterrorism unit in Dublin were determined to be “high priority” victims of the bug. One went into hiding after discovering that members of a suspected terrorist group he had banned from the platform had viewed his personal profile.
The moderator also told The Guardian that Facebook’s moderation system requires users to log in using their personal Facebook profile, an incredibly shortsighted dog-fooding technique for people working on countering terrorism and extremism. Facebook said it is now testing a moderation system that does not require use of personal profiles.
To understand Amazon and its fervent CEO Jeff Bezos, you have to understand that his company is focused relentlessly on growth — or, more specifically, on market share — above all else. He explained this philosophy further in his recent letter to shareholders.
In other words, for the sharp-toothed Bezos, this means Amazon has to keep moving — keep expanding its market and its customer base — or die. This means you get the risky but ultimately market-defining decision to create its own e-reader hardware with the Kindle. And its aggressive moves into machine learning. And its creation of a whole new category of smart speakers with the Amazon Echo. And its early jump into cloud-hosting with Amazon Web Services (this investment in the infrastructure of the internet, invisible to most people who shop on Amazon’s website, has made the company profitable for one of the few times in the company’s history). It also means you get experiments that don’t pan out — the Amazon Fire phone, for example, or its attempt at a travel site, Destinations. It remains to be seen which category Amazon’s recent turn to building brick-and-mortar stores, including seven (and counting) bookstores and one Amazon grocery store in Seattle, will ultimately fall under. But its acquisition of Whole Foods, which the company announced this morning, represents a vast expansion in its ambitions, and the clearest sign yet that the company that’s done more than anyone else to kill physical retail in the last decades wants to also be a physical retailer. Sure, that $13.7 billion price tag makes Whole Foods the most expensive acquisition Amazon has ever made, by far. (The only other billion-dollar acquisition on its ledger is the online shoe store Zappos, for $1.3 billion.) But Amazon also swooped in at a time when Whole Foods (and its CEO) was publicly feuding with activist investors, who were frustrated by the high-end grocery chain’s anemic stock price, offering to buy the whole chain at $42 a share — 27 percent more than its stock was worth at the end of the trading day on Thursday. Both sides get something out of the deal. Whole Foods is now under the umbrella of one of the world’s largest and most impressive logistics companies. While the grocery chain has (slowly) caught up to competitors when it comes to internet ordering (it outsources much of it to the shopping service Instacart), it’s lagged in managing its labor force efficiently, and lacks the size or negotiating power to demand the best deals from suppliers. As an Amazon subsidiary, it won’t have those problems. Amazon, meanwhile, has been chasing the grocery market for over a decade now — it debuted its first grocery-delivery service with a test market in Mercer Island, Washington, in 2007. (The reason it wants in on the grocery business is pretty straightforward: Americans spend, on average, about 9 to 12 percent of their income on food, and they do so on a consistent basis. Remember what I said about Bezos’s fanatical pursuit of growth?) But AmazonFresh, its online food-delivery service, has never really caught on. Not only does the purchase of Whole Foods bring with it a hugely experienced and successful executive team, it also brings with it something Amazon needs to break into the business: 431 Whole Foods stores across the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. “After a lot of study and experimentation with food, Amazon understood something about consumer behavior,” says Brad Stone, author of The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon. “[Consumers] want to be in physical locations and they want to look at the perishables and whatnot. It’s also more efficient from a supply chain perspective to go in and offer and opportunity to pick up the food on the way home.” Amazon, then, can use Whole Foods to solve the whole “look at perishables” problem it has, simply by continuing to run the stores as successful groceries. But it can also treat them as, essentially, supply depots. Right now, Uber-for-groceries companies like Instacart only serve the country’s densest metropolitan areas. Amazon — with its formidable logistical skills, immense economies of scale, and now its 400 stores across the country — can bring grocery delivery to places that haven’t previously had it. There’s also the fact that Whole Foods, unlike many other grocery stores, is seen as a pleasant place to hang out. Many locations have food stands and tables set up for shoppers to sit down and eat. It’s not hard to imagine Amazon using some part of this space to set up, say, a program that offers discounts at Whole Foods for Amazon Prime members. On the flip side, it’s easy to see how you could use an Amazon Echo to build out a grocery list for pickup at your nearest Whole Foods. So why, ultimately, did Amazon buy Whole Foods? Because — likely thanks to the unexpected windfall of profits from Amazon Web Services — Jeff Bezos suddenly found himself with enough cash to do so, and saw the chance to rapidly expand into a coveted category in a way that would have taken Amazon years to do on its own. To see the opportunity and not seize it would have been stasis — which, for Bezos and Amazon, means death.
Father’s Day sucks. For me, and for a lot of other people. My dad passed away seven years ago, and I’ve spent every subsequent Father’s Day avoiding any and all human contact for 24 hours until the day is over.
On Father’s Day last year, the expected flood of filtered photos began prominently taking over the top of my News Feed early Sunday morning. By Sunday evening, it seemed like every single one of my friends had dug up and posted a picture of their parents, almost like a contest, as if to say, “Hey, look! My parents are more ironically cool than yours!” So far, so clear: I should stay away from Instagram on Father’s Day. But the posts didn’t stop. On Monday, dad pics that had racked up lots of likes and comments dominated my News Feed. They were still there Monday night, and some managed to creep into Tuesday. By Wednesday, a few strangler posts managed to stick around. Father’s Day had stretched into Father’s Days and made what was already a crappy 12-hour period a three-to-four-day spectacle that was nearly impossible to avoid, shy of just shutting off my phone for a few days. The usual fleeting pit in my stomach morphed into a moody, mopey attitude that I couldn’t seem to shake. Father’s Day wasn’t a fluke. The same thing happened on Mother’s Day and will happen again on Sunday. It’s already started: Brands like Foot Locker and Hallmark are already pushing ads into social feeds, which will only accelerate over the next couple of days. The problem is that there isn’t a filter to weed out content deemed “painful” or “agonizing.” In real life, it’s easy enough to avoid restaurant brunches and gift-card aisles. Online, there are no such easy distinctions — Instagram and other social networks are home to every kind of update, photograph, news item, and sentiment. Chalk part of it up to the same reason people struggle with FOMO, except this time it’s not as easy as missing out on an adventurous vacation or a wild night out with friends. Instead, the flood of digital files showing parents standing next to little girls are capable of making real emotional and physical damage. Despite how far I’ve come personally in processing and understanding my emotions about my dad’s death over the years (and I’m proud that I’ve made significant gains), Father’s Day posts are a crippling reminder of how much fun everyone else is supposedly having with their family members who, yes, are alive and well, thank you very much. And so, for the unprepared, logging into social media on family-oriented holidays is like getting punched in the stomach while being told, “Oh, yeah, did you remember that your family member is dead? No? Maybe try reopening and refreshing the app.” Coupled with society’s stigma around talking openly about death, social media is a vicious, lonely, and unforgiving cycle for folks who have lost a parent. Everybody gets it, but nobody wants to talk about it. It’s not just people with dead family members who battle the holidays on social media. Family relationships are complex, delicate things, and while holidays have always been tough for some people — for whatever reason — social media makes them inextricably hard to avoid, regardless of your preferred platform. To be fair, there are ways to help. I have friends who kindly label their posts with captions acknowledging that the holiday isn’t easy for everyone, and I’m happy for them — anyone, of course, should be able to post anything they like to their social-media accounts. Nonetheless, I’m making a concerted effort to not open social apps this year, at least for a while. I’ve gone solo through Father’s Day seven times, and for the first time, I’ll be traveling and staying busy this year. Who knows, maybe unplugging from technology will finally help me deal with life IRL.
My preferred Father’s Day strategy is getting harder, though, thanks to the colossal volume of holiday-themed posts pumped through the pipes of the biggest platforms and apps. Throw in a perpetual addiction to the instant gratification from social media, and it’s never been harder to forget my most detested day of the year.
I like Twitter, Snapchat, Facebook, and Pinterest, but Instagram is my go-to app for spending hours endlessly scrolling through photos and videos. It’s also the go-to app for posting Valencia-tinted meta photos of cool, old Polaroids. It’s no surprise, then, that Father’s Day and Mother’s Day, when people post the best nostalgic pictures of their parents from the ’70s and ’80s, are two of the most overwhelming days of the year for the app. (A quick search for #mothersday pulls up 12.3 million Instagram posts while #fathersday aggregates another 5 million posts.)
One of the beauties and dangers of the internet’s ability to dilate fandoms so that they never begin and never end is that people get to spend too much time thinking about stuff. For instance, Cars 3 — the latest kid-friendly Pixar film — is out today, but it will likely not address the fact that a car genocide happened in which Car Hitler exterminated 6 million Car Jews during Car World War II. It is very easy to prove that Car Hitler is real, using canonical Cars lore.
The general line of thought is something like this: The Cars-verse includes a World War II–era Jeep named Sarge, who explicitly references events like the Battle of the Bulge. In the direct-to-DVD film Planes (made by Disney but not Pixar), there is an actual WWII flashback in which the plane Skipper recalls losing his entire squadron in the Pacific Theater. Assuming that Car WWII occurred, and that it contains the same contours as the actual WWII, we can assume that there were Car Axis powers, and thus a Car Hitler.
All of this has led up to a popular copypasta (that is, a popular string of anonymously authored text, copied-and-pasted into comments and blog posts across the internet), origin unclear, but likely 4chan, which lays out how the Cars universe is just as messed up as our own.
A quick Google will find this text often repeated word-for-word across the internet, where denizens have been considering the question for a while. A popular Tumblr exchange dating back to 2013 goes into more detail. From now-deactivated user calumnw:
From which now-deactivated user fspookfitzgerald took the alley-oop:
Anyway, while your kids are worried about whether or not Lightning McQueen will win the big race, you get to ponder the logistics of a Cars 9/11. Have fun!
Following its standard approach of “well, everyone else is doing it,” Facebook is inching closer to its own original programming later this year. Early this week, it was announced that the reality-TV show Last State Standing, and the second season of MTV’s Loosely Exactly Nicole would eventually premiere on the platform.
When these shows, and the others that Facebook is presumably inking deals for, will premiere has not been set (the obvious answer is autumn). According to Bloomberg, “Facebook isn’t trying to compete with the highest end of that market — paid services Netflix, HBO and Showtime. It has its sights set on cable networks and advertising-supported online services with young viewers.” It is probably also interested in cutting off Snapchat, which also features a slate of original programming.
Bloomberg states that there will be two kinds of shows, referred to as hero shows (big tentpole releases) and spotlight shows (shorter, breezier stuff from web outlets like Vox and BuzzFeed). Hero shows can cost up to $200,000 an episode, and are exclusive to Facebook. Spotlight shows range between $10,000 and $20,000, and are only exclusive for a limited time. Facebook, which is free, will likely subsidize the programs with pre- and mid-roll ads.
If you’re looking for a lazy, but still kinda funny, method of trolling, look no further than the Canadian band Nickelback. The band’s name itself has become a punch line, the joke being that “Nickelback is not a good band.” To that point, a good troll would be to make someone who lives a Nickelback-free lifestyle think about Nickelback. That’s where Nebraska Republican senator Ben Sasse comes in.
On the contrary, it is very funny. Sasse is mad about it, as evidenced by his period-separated final statement (later, he will tell you that he is, in fact, not mad, but laughing). Sasse — who believes that baby boomers are better than millennials because they didn’t have the polio vaccine — had to take precious time away from trying to kick millions of Americans off of their health insurance in order to unsubscribe multiple accounts from an email newsletter.
Look at this tweet. Every time I do it makes me laugh.
I like the Amazon Echo. It’s great for listening to music, asking simple questions, or just setting a timer while cooking. But sometimes Alexa can be a little bland. A little too complacent. Almost like it wants you to stay asleep, to not see the real puppet masters orchestrating the grand New World Order conspiracies behind 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, and the recent death of Carrie Fisher. Enter Alexa Jones, a smart speaker that will wake your family up to the truth.
The best part, of course, is that Alexa Jones only uses actual excerpts from Alex Jones’s own broadcasts, so you know you’re getting the real truth: unvarnished, unapologetic, and screamed at you only the way a man full of red meat and testosterone can. Now, we just need someone to code this as an actual skill for Alexa.
Wanna get a news flash from Alexa Jones? “They’re growing humanoids up inside cows and inside pigs. Almost every guinea pig is deformed, with their testicles on top of their heads.” Ready to go for the day! Ask Alexa Jones how tall Mount Everest is, and it’ll teach you self-reliance — and a little something about our water supply. “Look it up for yourself. I mean, this is what they’re — I mean, what do you think tap water is? It’s a gay bomb, baby.” News you can use. Ask Alexa Jones what time it is and you get: “Time to die.” Which, considering the inevitability of human mortality, is not untrue!
Ride-share companies like Uber and Lyft have, to put it mildly, changed urban transportation. Now, in cities where hailing or calling for a taxi was once an arduous affair, you can simply press a button for a simple, (usually) cheap ride.
And while Lyft’s is the more egregious buslike option, Uber is not without fault. The company also introduced a new routing mechanism for Uber Pool, which requires users to meet their drivers at an intersection or main drag, rather than having them make more circuitous door-to-door trips. On the one hand, it saves drivers time, riders money, and less idling is better for the environment. On the other hand, you could also walk to the bus stop. Just my opinion.
Here’s the thing: That’s a bus. I mean, yeah, you’re riding in someone’s car instead of a large bus, but it’s a bus. It’s a bus! And yet, Lyft cannot bring itself to use the word “bus” anywhere in its promotion (because it doesn’t want you to think you’re taking a bus). So let’s be clear: You’re taking an expensive bus — one that people without smartphones or credit cards are excluded from — and gradually hollowing out your city’s public transit system. So far, Lyft’s “shuttle” is only available in San Francisco.
Evans is not wrong that autonomous driving could revolutionize transportation in ways that we can’t predict. But “autonomous driving” is the technological breakthrough there, not “a fixed-rate multi-passenger shuttle service operating along a specific route.” (Autonomous driving is also a decade out from mass adoption by even the most optimistic judgment.) To spell it out for the tech crowd, what is annoying about Lyft’s new project, to those of us who ride buses, is that it describes and re-creates an underfunded and underappreciated public service as a revolutionary new endeavor. No one doubts that autonomous driving, if and when it actually arrives, will change how buses are operated. But that would happen regardless of Lyft’s invention, or reinvention, of the bus.
- You meet the vehicle at a fixed location- It drops you off at a fixed location- It picks up other people at fixed locations along a predetermined route
Lyft Shuttle lets you pay a fixed rate along predetermined routes during commute hours. The routes have set pickup and drop-off locations. They will only stop at predetermined locations, not just anywhere. You select the shuttle option; walk to meet your driver; they drive you for a bit; then when they let you out, you walk the rest of the way to your final location. “Walk to stop. Hop in. Hop out. Walk to destination,” the company’s site reads.
But as these companies move toward an exciting and, they hope, profitable future (driverless cars! Maybe!), they’ve also started to manufacture new innovations out of thin air. Take, for instance, the new Lyft Shuttle service. I’m just gonna describe it to you, lemme know what you think.
That’s a bus, funneling money away from public infrastructure and toward private enterprise, so young, tech-savvy urbanites don’t have to briefly share space with the lower class. Enjoy your dumb bus.
At the same time, the quality of public transportation in most U.S. cities — New York and Washington, D.C., in particular — has steadily degraded. This is essentially an unreserved good for ride-share companies, which offer a semi-affordable, hugely convenient alternative to the eternally delayed C train. Sure, the business model might be unsustainable without continuous infusions of investor billions, and sure, they might treat their drivers like crap, but the clear consensus is that it doesn’t really bother users in the short term.
Venture capitalist Benedict Evans implies on Twitter that this position — that Lyft’s bus is, in fact, a bus — is a hopeless, Luddite failure of imagination:
Let’s go through the telltale signs that you might be riding a bus or buslike vehicle:
Technically, this foray into the world of public code sharing is part of the NSA’s new Technology Transfer Program — which aims to bring the agency’s innovations to the masses in exchange for the innumerable benefits of collaboration — but it’s likely part of the organization-wide push to improve their image, following the Snowden leaks in 2013.
The NSA’s decision to join the fray and start publishing their code online is a surprising one. (As they’re generally a group that is, well, prone to secrecy.) And despite the fact that they’ve already shared a code repository for over 30 different projects, none of them is as sexy as you might have hoped. In fact, most of the technologies are actually pretty old. For example, their latest upload, the “Lat Lon Tools Plugin,” grants you the unmatchable power of being able to zoom in on a specific coordinate on Google Maps – how thrilling!
And although it may not be as great as their Twitter page (which overuses the word ‘cyber’ to a comical level), the NSA’s GitHub account is certainly a new way for the organization to interact with the general public. Tapping our phone calls had to get boring eventually, I guess.
The NSA took a brief break from combing through the horrors of your browsing history today in order to create a GitHub account. GitHub, if you’re unaware, is a code-sharing and publishing service that’s popular with programmers.
A new report from Gizmodo and cybersecurity firm UpGuard has revealed that a ton of voter data used by an RNC-linked analytics firm was publicly accessible for nearly two weeks earlier this month. Files belonging to the firm Deep Root, which included an amalgamation of other voter-data sources, matched voter registration data with other online information in order to better help Republicans target potential supporters.
This type of operation is not that surprising — voter-targeting operations have grown incredibly sophisticated over the last decade as more voters flocked to sharing personal info online. That the data was left publicly accessible, without even simple password protection, is more shocking. But the data does provide a glimpse into just how extensive the targeting has gotten.
Most likely, Deep Root scraped those subreddits after a FiveThirtyEight analysis discovered which subreddits members of r/The_Donald also frequented. The data can then potentially be matched with voter-registration information in order to generate more personalized calls to action. In theory, any of your social-media information can be pulled into public voter-roll information in order to generate a much more comprehensive picture of who you are, what you care about, who you’re most likely to vote for, and what issues are most likely to get you to the polls. Depending on the target, campaigns can then use this to get you to a polling place, or discourage you from going to one.
In the latest episode of Donald Trump’s Awkward Handshakes, Trump sat down with Juan Carlos Varela, Panama’s president, today at the White House. While the two leaders posed for photos and began to shake hands, Trump made sure to remind Varela just how well the Panama Canal has been working. (Brief history lesson: The Panama Canal was completed in 1914.) “I think we did a good job building it,” Trump said. “100 years ago,” retorted Varela, a man with a plan, and a canal, from Panama.
Can’t decide where this one ranks on the scale of dumb Trump shakes. Somewhere between Trump gripping Shinzo Abe’s hand for eternity and Justin Trudeau staring blankly at Trump’s outstretched palm.
The White House is hosting leaders and CEOs from leading technology companies this week, hoping to get the best in the biz to figure out why the government sucks so bad at technology. The summit was the first meeting of the American Technology Council, which the administration established in May, led by Jared Kushner. Big boy Jared even made a speech, and presumably received an extra scoop of Cheez-Its at snack time for doing so.
Among the attendees were Apple’s Tim Cook, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, and Google’s Eric Schmidt. Also present were leaders from companies like Oracle, Intel, and Adobe. Obviously, informal Trump adviser and rumored young-blood enthusiast Peter Thiel was there, too. Notably absent were representatives from Facebook and Cisco, both of which cited scheduling conflicts (sure).
The basic idea behind the council is that private-sector tech is good, but government-run tech is bad — which is true — though that’s probably because Americans don’t want their tax dollars going toward figurative moon shots. According to Politico, “[E]xecutives spent hours brainstorming on topics like the use of artificial intelligence to reduce fraud and the potential for cloud computing to lower the cost of providing government services.” Which, again, is nice in theory, but is completely ignorant of how cumbersome government IT infrastructure is and why it’s that way.
Kushner suggested shifting government data to the cloud. “Federal agencies collectively operate 6,100 data centers,” he noted, “the vast majority of which can be consolidated and migrated to the cloud” (a little fun fact for you tech-heads out there: Remote data centers are what comprise “the cloud”). He also spoke about how the Department of Defense still uses floppy disks (not sure how that matters to the average American, but fair point), and that it takes months to update any government website (in part because the “move fast, break things” ethos doesn’t work for enormous populations of more than 300 million people).
All of these are empty words as left-leaning Valley CEOs continue to try to play ball with our belligerent president, either out of misguided optimism or a sense of fiduciary duty. Will government IT improve markedly in the Trump years? Probably not.
The meeting appears to be fulfilling its implied purpose: making the president look good. Breitbart, to highlight one example, is celebrating how these feeble lefty tech CEOs are bowing before their new god, citing quotes like Eric Schmidt’s: “I’m absolutely convinced that during your administration there is going to be a huge explosion of new opportunities because of the platforms that are getting built in our industry.” (In January, Schmidt told an audience of Googlers that Trump would do “evil things,” citing the president’s stance on immigration.) Jeff Bezos said that Trump could be the “innovation administration,” while Tim Cook pressed the president on immigration and requiring coding classes in public schools.
June is Pride Month, which means 30 not-so-straight days of companies suddenly getting woke, incorporating rainbows into their logos, and, if you’re Hellmann’s or Abercrombie & Fitch, sending some very ill-advised tweets. Facebook, for its part, rolled out a limited-edition reaction emoji in honor of Pride, shaped like, of course, a Pride flag. It is only available in select areas, and the emoji will vanish after the month is over. To find out that you’re one of the chosen, you first have to like the LGBTQ@Facebook page.
“People in major markets with Pride celebrations will be able to use a temporary rainbow reaction during Pride month,” a Facebook representative told Select All about the rainbow-emoji rollout, adding that the company also released Pride-themed camera filters and profile-picture frames. But users commenting on the LGBTQ@Facebook page think they’ve found a pattern as to the places the emoji isn’t available, namely places, like Egypt and Singapore, where LGBTQIA people face severe discrimination under local law. Facebook declined to answer our questions as to whether or not these laws were considered when choosing which locations would get access to the emoji.
“You can also like our LGBTQ@Facebook page to access the reaction, however, because this is a new experience we’ve been testing, the rainbow reaction will not be available everywhere,” Facebook also said. Part of the selectiveness of the rollout feels more like clunky technology, rather than pointed geofencing on the company’s part. Reading the comments on the emoji’s announcement on the LGBTQ@Facebook page, you’ll find commenters who live in the same city, Washington, D.C., debating whether the reaction emoji is actually available there because it appears only some users have been able to get it to work. Because users have to opt in, by liking Facebook’s page, there also seems to be a pretty decent probability of user error contributing to the confusion, too.
This year, in honor of Mother’s Day, Facebook rolled out a different limited-run, selective-release reaction emoji, a purple daisy. “The flower reaction was available in places that celebrate Mother’s Day,” Facebook told Select All. On Halloween, the entire suite of reaction emoji was replaced with spooky counterparts, a plan that backfired when the emoji were also retroactively added to old posts. Turns out, angry-faced jack-o’-lanterns aren’t the best way to let people react to news of an active shooter. In neither case — the Halloween suite or the Mother’s Day flower — were users asked to elect to use the emoji; if a user lived in an area that celebrated the holiday, the emoji just appeared. There was one special reaction recently that users had to opt in to use: an emoji celebrating the 50th anniversary of Star Trek. “The company seems to have grouped interest in LBGTQ rights into the same category,” Quartz writes. Because the stigma surrounding being a Trekkie and being queer are clearly of equal gravity.
There are people in places that celebrate Mother’s Day who would probably, for any number of reasons — estrangement, abuse, death — rather not be reminded of that particular Hallmark holiday. There are people in Halloween-observant countries whose religions don’t permit them to celebrate. Facebook never asked those folks to confirm whether or not they wanted those emoji. They just woke up one day and there they were. When the company rolled out its Halloween emoji, Facebook PR sent branded baked goods shaped like ghosts and Frankenstein heads to my office. When the company rolled out its rainbow-flag emoji, it asked me to like a page to make absolutely sure that I, a gay resident of one of the most queer-friendly cities in the world, was 100 percent down with celebrating Pride. I am, Facebook. Why aren’t you?
Facebook’s line about only releasing the Pride emoji in “major markets with Pride celebrations” makes sense enough. The company continues to struggle with finding a way to respect customs and laws in places much less liberal than the one in which it’s headquartered. Would rolling out the Pride emoji globally have sent a strong message about Facebook’s support of the LGBTQ community around the world. Absolutely. But that’s not what Pride, at least for brands, is about. As noted on Twitter by writer and activist Jillian York, queer people in places where it’s dangerous to be out “know the risk” and likely, for their own safety, wouldn’t have used the flag anyway. But the option would have been nice.
If you’re an LGBTQIA-identifying person, or an ally to them, chances are that Facebook already knows this, based on your likes and interactions. On the unlikely chance that it didn’t already, liking the LGBTQ@Facebook page will definitely do the trick, a piece of personal information Facebook now owns about you in exchange for a colorful emoji. (One which, frankly, could have taken a cue from Twitter in being more trans-inclusive. The rainbow flag isn’t the only one getting waved this month.) In a way, by asking users to opt in to using the flag emoji, Facebook is asking users to out themselves. It’s asking users to confirm that a Pride flag, and what that flag stands for, is something they want to see in their day-to-day Facebook use. Imagine if this worked the opposite way, forcing people who didn’t want to access the emoji to like a GayNotOkay@Facebook or AdamAndEveNotAdamAndSteve@Facebook page to make it vanish from their feed. (Bigots@Facebook might be a more apt name.)
For a time at the beginning of the decade, when social networking was ascendant rather than a way of life, having a public personal brand seemed like a given. Social networks tried to condition their users to get comfortable posting opinions, and selfies, and “hot takes” to a wide audience. Twitter felt like the place to get breaking news, and Facebook set its default privacy status to public, denoted by a globe icon. In other words, anyone in the world could see it.
Groups, if you’re unfamiliar, are kind of like message boards of old, a forum in which multiple people can post comments and have them seen by other members. (If you’ve never used a message board, um, think of them as a Facebook timeline that’s not attached to an individual person or specific brand.) Groups can be as small as two people and as large as millions, and can be public, private, or a mix, depending on the need. The group Pantsuit Nation famously has millions of members but is “secret,” meaning it’s unlisted and invite-only. That’s why you never see posts from Pantsuit Nation appear in your News Feed — members can’t share them with anyone not in the group.
But quickly — more quickly than anticipated — the benefits of being an influencer gave way to the perils of having an enormous corpus of stupid opinions and photos available to all of one’s Facebook friends or even the general public. Managing privacy became such a chore that Facebook users began posting less and less, and the network had to roll out features like privacy audits, and even a one-click solution buried in the settings that let a user make all of their years of posting accessible to friends only. The default-public era of social media, in the grand scheme but a blip on the timeline of humanity, has mostly come to an end. Unless you want to build a brand, there is little reason to share things in full public view online.
It was such a large amount that we had to get in touch and have him wire-transfer the money. When the transfer came through, I sent him an email that said, “Let’s set up your show. Tell me a little bit about yourself, what you would like to do, what you would you like to see, would you like me to wear anything in particular?” And thanking him for being a part of this. And he says, “Yeah, you know, I’m really busy with work right now. But I think you’re an amazing performer and that you’re very beautiful. I’ll get back to you when I have time to do the show.” And that’s the last I heard from him!
Wait, he never claimed his show? Do you think he got off on just giving you money?
Why would a man do this? I called the dominatrix behind those auctions, Maîtresse Madeline Marlowe, who explained how she has turned taking money from men into an art. Marlowe got her start in adult entertainment as a $5.99-per-minute camgirl. Thirteen years later — and after building a career as a fetish performer, director, and pro-domme — Marlowe has clients who pay up to $1,000 for a single minute of tech-mediated domination. In a phone interview while moving her business from San Francisco to Las Vegas, Marlowe explained her financial strategies, sexual tactics, and the time she fell in love with a co-star.
I also do financial domination, and there are clients where pressing that button — and transferring that money — is what’s getting them off. Giving money to their dom. Quite possibly that wire transfer was all he needed.
But the story doesn’t end there. I went to my dear friend and fellow dominatrix Lorelei Lee. I said, “You’ve got to do this!” We waited a month or two, and then did the same thing with her. Three weeks goes by, and it’s the same thing. The money increments are climbing, climbing, climbing, and on the last day, the same guy swoops in with $42,000. Same guy.
Did he claim that one?
Did the price surprise you?
The clients that I work with are aware of what they’re doing. It’s this exchange of power between us that is a turn on for them and for me. [Crosstalk.] I’m sorry, my partner is trying to say something to me.
No. It was the same exact thing: A few days later, the wire transfer came through and Lorelei got her money. They had one email. He thanked her for being wonderful and beautiful, and said, “I’ll get in touch with you.” Never heard from him again.
That’s so romantic. Do you ever have, like, boring sex?
Yes. All the time! We’re both really busy. The times when we explore our kinks, we kind of have to schedule as date nights. But, “Hey, we’re in the shower, let’s do this”? Absolutely. Don’t think we’re hanging from the rafters everyday. Work-life balance is a thing.
I didn’t think it was going to go that high. But it’s not so unusual to me. I’ve had clients who pay for financial domination — one guy wanted to call me, and I would berate him one minute and then hang up the phone. He would give me $1,000 a couple of times a week for one minute of yelling, “Your wife is going to find that you’re spending all this money on me!” There are men spending this kind of money on women — and, damn it, they should. They should be paying us for our time and our effort. So when you ask, “Are you shocked about the $42,000?” Well, I was. But I also spent the last 13 years branding myself, learning this art, and cultivating the character of Madeline. I earned it.
Want to feel old? Harambe the gorilla has been dead for over a year. We’re due for some viral primate news. Today’s comes courtesy of the Dallas Zoo’s YouTube channel, which posted a video earlier this week of Zola, one of its gorillas, dancing around in a kiddie pool. It is a rare piece of perfect content.
Excuse me while I begin raising funds for an all-gorilla reboot of Flashdance.
Downtown Chicago is getting a new Apple Store. You might recognize its shape. Maybe? I don’t know. There’s just something about it. The cool metallic-silver color of the exterior. The way the edges of the roof slope down ever so gently. The giant white Apple logo plopped in the middle of it. It feels like I’ve seen this somewhere before … but where?
I just can’t put my finger on it.
It’s no secret that moderating live video online is a huge issue. Facebook has garnered criticism practically since it launched its Live platform for regular, high-profile instances of graphic violence on its platform. Earlier this year, Mark Zuckerberg announced that the company was hiring another 3,000 moderators just to tackle the issue.
The move could have broader implications for popular Chinese livestreamers central to the billion-dollar market, and the platforms that rely on them, which have attracted investment from megacompanies like Alibaba and Tencent. According to FT, Sina Weibo lost $1 billion in market capitalization yesterday because of the news.
While this will obviously vary from person to person, chances are somebody in your hometown, or a town nearby, has shared content on the Snap Map. Expect to find local landmarks, videos from students on theirlast days of school before summer vacation, and, if you’re lucky, maybe even a snap of somebody you know.
I watched a moose roaming through a residential neighborhood. A moose walking down the street. Bears in parking lots, streams, and forests. And several good-looking Siberian Huskies. Basically the IRL versions of every character I remember from Balto. Also so many gym snaps. Alaskans are swole, y’all.
Brooklyn Bridge Park
Unsurprisingly, New York City’s many, many landmark spots are popular on the Snap Map. Our pick is Brooklyn Bridge Park, which offers excellent views of the city’s skyline, views of and from the bridge itself, and no shortage of videos of the “bottomless” whirlpool art installation that offers a not-so-subtle take on American politics.
Having spend the better part of 48 hours playing around with this feature, here are Select All’s recommendations for places to tap into and watch to get you started. (You’ll need to be running the latest version of Snapchat to access the map. Once you’re updated, pinch two fingers over the camera screen of the app. You’ll be given the option to choose how visible you want to be.)
The map idea itself is not new — it feels like Snapchat’s Local Stories, a now-defunct feature that showed aggregated content from users in a given geographic area, as well as a similar (and similarly fascinating) map function in Facebook Live. But Snapchat’s particular brand of video is perfect for this kind of travel-around-the-world-from-your-couch time-wasting. Zoom out to a global level and see the most-snapped locations worldwide — yesterday, it was Mecca (naturally) and Florida, the Mecca of the AAU Girls Volleyball National Championship. Zoom way in on cities and towns you’ve never heard of or thought of, and you’re treated to intimate, personal videos of ordinary life that travel TV shows and your friends-only Instagram feed could never show you. Over the last few days we’ve watched people playing with puppies in Erbil, Iraq; tracking a moose in Anchorage, Alaska; and driving and cooking, well, everywhere. (The kitchen and the car are the two most beloved Snapchat locations.)
Yaroshenko, a self-described sex evangelist and sextech entrepreneur, is also the founder of Fantasy, a dating-by-fantasy-matching app. He sported a large ring shaped like a clitoris for the day and was happy to step aside and supervise from the sidelines while the women took control.
Seven teams made it to the final presentation stage. After three, Cole declared that all presentations must be done by the female team members. They’d been narrowed down into just two categories, pleasure and education.
Erbil, Iraq
I can make no promises, but I saw an extremely good dog here, and a really gnarly lamb barbecue. Perhaps you will too. Also, lots of food snaps, which look delicious but also kind of bad, because it turns out blurry snaps of your plate are a thing everywhere.
Manila, Philippines
Here’s what you need to know about what you are about to watch. The video is a year old, but had minimal views before Reddit’s /r/DeepIntoYouTube picked it up. It is a live-action re-creation of the classic 1999 “Pizza Delivery” episode of SpongeBob SquarePants starring three teenage boys. The kid who plays Squidward — who is, I just learned, an octopus and not a squid — deserves an Oscar for his performance. As does the costume designer who brilliantly created Squidward’s tentacles using all denim apparel which gives off a very ‘Chessy from The Parent Trap’ look. The episode is just shy of eight minutes long and you should probably watch it all. I did. Twice.
SpongeBob SquarePants, the internet gift that keeps on giving.
If anyone needs me I’ll be watching this hourly from now until Friday.
Heads up: If you buy things through our links, New York Magazine may get a cut of it. That said, we don’t recommend products we wouldn’t use — or in this case, haven’t already bought for ourselves.
Starting at 6 p.m. PT/9 p.m. ET tonight, 7/10, Amazon is discounting the Echo to its lowest-ever price: $89.99. The price only lasts through Prime Day — July 11 — so if you’ve been looking for an excuse to pick one up, now’s the time. Wondering if it’s worth it? Read on. (Spoiler: It is.)
Considering the NES Classic emulator was so popular, it was virtually impossible to find on store shelves, it shouldn’t be a huge surprise that Nintendo has decided to come out with the SNES Classic. So why am I crying at my desk with pure joy?
The full list of games is below:
Hitting store shelves on September 29, the SNES Classic will cost $80 and come with 21 games, including the previously unreleased game Star Fox 2, which previously had only been playable via fanmade ROMs. Judging from last year’s sales, you’ll want to keep a close eye on when preorders open up.
Contra III: The Alien WarsDonkey Kong CountryEarthBoundFinal Fantasy IIIF-ZEROKirby Super StarKirby’s Dream CourseThe Legend of Zelda: A Link to the PastMega Man XSecret of ManaStar FoxStar Fox 2Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper FightingSuper Castlevania IVSuper Ghouls ’n GhostsSuper Mario KartSuper Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven StarsSuper Mario WorldSuper MetroidSuper Punch-Out!! Yoshi’s Island
You can definitely take issue with some of the exclusions here — none of these games take up much space, so it would have been nice to see classics like Chrono Trigger make the cut. Not that that’ll stop us from buying one (assuming we can actually muscle our way through the crowds to snag one).
Today marks 20 years since Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone was first published. Maybe you’ve heard of it? Maybe not. If you fall into the latter camp, Mark Zuckerberg and his cohort over at Facebook have implemented a new Easter egg today in honor of the book and subsequent series. Type in the name “Harry Potter” or any of the Hogwarts house names — Gryffindor, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, and the clearly superior Ravenclaw — in your status and the word will render in a corresponding color. Clicking on any of the highlighted words will prompt a wand to pop up on your screen and shoot multicolored lightning bolts. Based on Zuckerberg’s latest status, it seems like the feature will only be available today, so give it a try while you still can. (Remember, you can always post a private “only me” status.)
Honestly, it’s so nice of Facebook to give this series some much-needed attention. Maybe now it’ll sell a few copies. Think of the movie potential!
There’s a set of photos going around on Facebook and Twitter right now of a older man wearing a turban on an airplane. The pictures were taken and shared via Snapchat by another passenger on the flight, who edited them to highlight the man’s headgear, and added captions saying he might not make it to his destination, appearing to imply that the man might be a terrorist intent on hijacking the plane. The man wearing the turban does not appear to be aware that he was being photographed during the flight. (In one of the images, he is asleep.)
Simran Jeet Singh, a professor of religion at Trinity University in Texas and a Sikh activist, posted the screenshots to Twitter after he spotted them on Facebook, where a fellow Sikh friend of his had posted them. The friend, Singh told Select All, had seen the images on Twitter in a now-deleted tweet. The screenshots, he said, came from a personal Snapchat account of a high-school student. Singh doesn’t use Snapchat, but told Select All that he located the teen on Twitter. “I tracked his Twitter account for a little bit, and he was tweeting about the photo,” he said. “When they [the plane screenshots] were going viral, he was sharing similar messages about why he stands by what he said.” (Select All has confirmed that the teen who allegedly posted the images to Snapchat has been tweeting about them and appears to claim responsibility for taking them. He’s a minor, so we won’t be linking to his Twitter account.) Singh also said he’s been “getting a lot of messages from his [the teen’s] supporters, saying things like, ‘Great job [name redacted].’”
“It hits close to home because he’s an older man. He’s clearly harmless, and he could very well be my father or my grandfather. So that just hits close to home, because if this individual is receiving this kind of messaging from a fellow passenger, it could have been any one of us,” Singh explained, noting that he frequently experiences racial profiling, secondary TSA screenings, and people “choosing” not to sit next to him while traveling. “Really, you never know the line between hateful thoughts and speech and hateful actions. It could easily cross over into violence, and that could affect any of us at any time.”
“I just think that in this political climate, we all have a responsibility to stand up against racism whenever we see it. So I just felt, when I saw these photos, that it was just a responsibility I had to my community — and to other minorities in this country — to bring light to the fact that these are the kinds of sentiments going around,” Singh said, explaining his Twitter thread. Earlier on Monday, a watered-down version of Trump’s Muslim travel ban was put into effect, while the Supreme Court announced it will hear the Trump administration’s appeal case over the blocked executive order later this year.
… but the simple interface is great.Despite the fact that its minimalistic exterior reminded many users of a utilitarian dystopia, the simplicity of the Show’s interface was by far one of the most highly praised aspects of the device. Unlike Amazon’s other touch-screen products, the Show doesn’t have an app store or static home page; instead, the screen component exists primarily as a means to support the traditional, voice-control-based Alexa experience. (An aspect many reviewers found to be particularly useful when in the kitchen and inexplicably covered in some combination of soap and/or dough.)
Video calling is cool, but the new “Drop In” feature is creepy.One of the most polarizing features among reviews by far was Drop In. Drop In essentially gives you the ability to insert yourself into someone else’s Echo Show, completely unannounced, as part of a sort of video-chat-like experience. There’s no option to accept or deny a call, you just, well … Drop In to their screen.
If you ask Alexa how the weather is, the screen will show an overview of the upcoming week as she tells you about the day. Forgot how to make pasta? Alexa will pull up a recipe for you to read instead of dictating the instructions to you like she previously did. The Echo Show also boasts a karaoke sing-along setting where the lyrics to whatever song you’re listening to — so long as you’re using Amazon Prime audio, of course — scroll by as you jam out.
Although the use of this feature can be restricted to a specific list of contacts chosen by you, it was deemed to be pretty goddamn creepy by most reviewers — Wired called it a modern day “Here’s Johnny” moment. This aspect of the experience aside, the overall reception of the Show’s video-calling abilities was actually rather positive. Reviewers appreciated its hands-free display and its speakers’ ability to fill the room. (Although, many did note that for $230 a pop the sound quality could have been better.)
Should you get one?All in all, the question that the majority of reviews struggled with was: What sort of customer is the Echo Show for? This is a tricky one, because, for many, the Show came across as a hybrid of some of the more established gadgets out there. It’s a smart speaker but with a display; it’s a touch screen but not a tablet; and it’s a step above the other Echo products but not by that much.
This led the majority of reviewers to conclude that unless you’re an avid Alexa fan — or constantly getting your tablet dirty when trying to use it in the kitchen — you should probably wait a bit before buying the Echo Show.
Its design isn’t going to blow you away…The reviewers all agree on one thing and one thing alone: The Echo Show is, at best, plain. Reviewers lamented the Echo Show’s triangular shape with strangely poetic descriptions, such as “reminiscent of a black doorstop,” “[like] a big, black block of cheese: chunky and not totally unappealing,” and “straddl[ing] the line between unassuming and plain.” The design in question more or less looks like the love child of a landscape-facing tablet and a boxy speaker, and is roughly seven-inches tall by seven-inches wide by three-inches deep. It’s almost as if the Amazon design team took the physical manifestation of the word “inoffensive” and merged that with the aesthetic appeal of a SkyMall magazine’s tech section. (Alexa, is SkyMall still around?)
Amazon’s new Echo Show takes the brand’s impressive smart-speaker line a step further by adding a camera and a touch-screen display, giving users the ability to play movies, get real-time news updates, and host video chats — all from one stationary, voice-activated device. Retailing at a steep $230, the Show is the most expensive of all of Amazon’s smart speakers. But: Is it worth it?
Very few things require 9 zillion 140-character missives to explain properly. (That’s the whole point of Twitter!) Very few things, that is, come close to the importance of the Affordable Care Act. As the Trump administration moves closer and closer to finalizing its Obamacare replacement, the American Health Care Act, people have started using Twitter threads to explain, in heartbreaking detail, what the ACA has meant for them and their loved ones.
Suddenly, Twitter threads, which for most other circumstances are just annoying, have become a form of political storytelling. Unlike regular threads, which require you to read from start to finish, these threads don’t require the same follow-through — though you should read them in their entirety. Whether you come in at tweet No. 1 or tweet No. 20, you get the point, loud and clear: The ACA saved lives and the AHCA is poised to do the opposite. And for the lives that couldn’t be saved, Obamacare helped people ensure their family members could receive the medical treatments that constituted their best chance for survival without worrying about the cost. The stories are powerful and also incredibly alarming, as pointed out on Twitter by writer Brandy Jensen. Lives are at stake, and the most people can do is rehash the worst days of their lives, publicly, in the hopes that it might help.
This week, author and web designer Eric Meyer shared a heartbreaking, multi-tweet thread documenting the loss of his 6-year-old daughter, Rebecca. Rebecca died of cancer in 2014, less than a year after she was diagnosed. In that time, the cost of her treatments rang in at $1.7 million. Meyer wrote that because he and his family had insurance, the out-of-pocket cost for their family was in the “low five figures.”
Ken Norton, a partner at Google Ventures, also shared a thread documenting the loss of a child, his son, Riley, who died in 2014 and was born with a preexisting heart condition.
Rebecca and Riley aren’t alone. Do a quick Twitter search for hashtags like #SaveACA, #Obamacare, and #HowTheACASavedMyLife and you’ll find plenty more stories that would have gone quite differently had the AHCA been law at the time. There’s a mother tweeting photos of the astronomical bills from her son’s most recent open-heart surgery, a cancer patient with a preexisting condition who is able to afford chemotherapy because of the ACA, a cancer survivor whose childhood leukemia no longer meant he could be denied coverage, and a healthy 6-year-old boy who is alive today because Medicaid covered an emergency surgery when he was a baby. These are the stories and faces of the Affordable Care Act. Twitter is just helping to amplify their voices.
The European Union has decided to fine Google an unprecedented $2.7 billion after a years-long investigation into the company’s comparison-shopping product found that it unfairly favored itself over competitors. The EU’s antitrust chief, Margrethe Vestager, charged that similar products competing with Google were often ranked much lower in search (if you’re not on the first page, you’re basically dead). Google now has 90 days to change how the product operates.
In response to the fine, Google general counsel Kent Walker defended the tool, noting that “our data show that people usually prefer links that take them directly to the products they want, not to websites where they have to repeat their searches.” The company is mulling an appeal.
In choosing to wield its regulatory power openly, the EU — and vocal members like Germany, which is reconsidering online space as a free-speech haven — has a huge opportunity to determine the course of the internet. And if American companies want to do business there, they have little choice but to comply.
As the FCC and FTC play hot potato in the U.S. regarding internet regulation, the EU is rejecting a light-touch approach, clearly paying mind to the fact that the internet as it exists now, controlled by a handful of centralized companies, is not the same as it was 20 years ago. The companies wield inconceivable amounts of influence over our daily lives, often without us realizing it. (Would you have noticed or cared that Google was putting its own tool at the top of search results?)
Setting aside the enormous fine, the decision has larger implications for U.S.-based tech titans that do business worldwide, and specifically the EU, where antitrust regulations are much more stringent than America. Google is currently facing at least four other antitrust probes, including ones related to its Android mobile operating system and its advertising platform. The EU’s approach to near-default companies like Google is that they are not simply tools for browsing the web, but influence peddlers on an unrivaled scale.
Heads up: If you buy things through our links, New York Magazine may get a cut of it.
Fresh off the heels of a new mission statement — the slightly less nebulous than before “to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together” — Mark Zuckerberg announced today that Facebook officially has 2 billion monthly active users (that is, people who sign into the service once a month). “It’s an honor to be on this journey with you,” he wrote in a Facebook status about the milestone. Back in 2012, eight years after the company launched, Facebook hit a billion users.
So just how big is Facebook now? Very. By comparison, as of earlier this month, YouTube has 1.5 billion MAUs. Gmail reached the 1 billion figure last year. WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger are also in the billion-user club, as is the iPhone. Instagram has 700 million, as per a report from April. (That’s up from 600 million in December 2016.)
The only services that come close to Facebook? Google Android, which has over 2 billion users, and — we can presume — Google search, which Google says has over a billion, but surely has many more than that. And with all those users come even more opportunities for problems to arise — Facebook’s livestreaming feature has become a hotbed for violent and gruesome content in recent months, a known issue the company is trying to fix. (Bringing the world closer together comes at a cost, it would seem.) On the flip side, that’s 2 billion people who could be posting statuses about their Hogwarts houses. Which, frankly, also sounds bad.
Twitter suspended several music-related accounts today following, at least for two of the accounts, what appears to be a Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown issued by Viacom. Accounts for The Fader, Pigeons & Planes, 2DopeBoyz, and Hip Hop N More were all taken offline on Tuesday. Now, if you visit any of their Twitter accounts, you’ll be greeted with an “account suspended” notification.
Given Twitter, historically, does not comment on individual accounts, it remains unknown if and when the accounts will be brought back online. (Select All has reached out to Twitter for comment and will update this post if we hear back.) These aren’t the first media accounts to be taken offline for copyrighted materials; both Deadspin and SB Nation were temporarily suspended in 2015 for tweeting football clips and GIFs. Though, if what happened to the dude who got suspended for tweeting a GIF of Aly Raisman during the Olympics is any indication, things don’t bode well. Nearly a year later, his account remains suspended.
In addition, the pharmaceutical giant Merck was affected, and said it was looking into it. Other companies were affected as well.
With WannaCry barely in the rearview mirror, another ransomware strain has been affecting computers throughout Europe today. The Petya ransomware, as it is known, infected thousands of computers earlier today, spreading between machines and encrypting their contents unless users paid up to a bitcoin address.
According to cybersecurity researchers at Kaspersky Lab, 60 percent of the current Petya epidemic is concentrated in Ukraine, and another 30 percent in Russia. Earlier today, Ukraine deputy prime minister Pavlo Rozenko tweeted an image of a government computer affected by the virus. Others in Ukraine are reporting difficulties accessing banking functions and buying fuel. Large parts of the country’s infrastructure are bending under the pressure.
Meanwhile, whoever launched the attack is raking in thousands of dollars in bitcoin payments, which you can track via the Twitter bot @petya_payments.
(An American health-care system, Heritage Valley Health System, also appears to have been hit by a cyberattack today, though it is unknown is if is connected to the Petya attack.)
Publicly, the Ukrainian government wants everyone to know that it’s no big deal.
The ransomware was tied to the email address wowsmith123456@posteo.net, which the email provider has since disabled in an attempt to stop the spread. Petya also takes advantage of a computer vulnerability known as Eternal Blue, which was first released in April by the anonymous hacking group the Shadow Brokers.
If you have spoken to someone from New York City in the past, I dunno, six weeks, you might have heard that the subway system in our fair metropolis is a mess. Earlier today, an A train derailed in Harlem, causing significant delays; passengers had to climb from the car and exit through the subway tunnel. This is, somehow, no longer unique. Every day, the MTA’s subway system find a new way to break, delaying commutes, and stranding passengers in the dark — often literally. Every day, we’re treated to a new stream of cell-phone photos and videos broadcasting subway crises on social media in real time.
Something else you should know: The City of New York is not responsible for funding the MTA, the state of New York is. That means that ultimately, the buck stops with Governor Andrew Cuomo, who has become, justifiably, the object of every New Yorker’s hatred. While he’s out there testing driverless cars, people are yelling at him to fix the damn subways. (Cuomo, for his part, is pretending that he has no authority to do so.)
Perhaps the most darkly comic part of this whole fiasco is that, when it comes to getting yelled at online, Cuomo has nobody but himself to blame. Before six months ago, if you wanted to talk about how much Cuomo was mismanaging the situation, you’d have to wait until you emerged aboveground again. By that point, your anger might have dissipated (maybe you listened to a pleasant podcast, I don’t know).
At the start of the year, however, the MTA flipped the switch on cell service and free Wi-Fi in every one of New York’s underground stations. Meaning that just as the subway began to reliably tangle itself into knots during every damn rush hour, the MTA unveiled a system by which New Yorkers could easily pull out their phones, take photo and video of the infrastructural decay, and send it directly to our governor.
Governor Cuomo has provided the citizenry with all of the tools it needs to demonstrate that the subway is in dire need of investment and repair. If he’s smart, he’ll pretend that was his plan all along.
How does Facebook determine whether a post reported for abuse gets taken down, or how an account gets suspended? The moderation guidelines, which must cover every eventuality for the 2-billion-user social network, are among the company’s most controversial and secretive policies, and the complex flow chart of factors is rarely glimpsed by regular Facebook users. A new report from ProPublica elaborates on this convoluted process, which Facebook’s team of 7,500 content moderators must learn the ins and outs of. One hugely ill-conceived slide used for training asks, “Which of the below subsets do we protect?” Female drivers, black children, or white men? The answer is … white men, illustrated, naturally, by a picture of the Backstreet Boys.
Previous reports have shown that Facebook approaches moderation a bit like an engineering problem: There are “protected classes,” like race, and “non-protected classes,” like age, and a formula to determine how the categorization scheme applies to a given post.
Of course, Facebook’s determination of protected and unprotected classes is fraught with political and ethical problems. The protected categories on Facebook are sex, race, religious affiliation, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. The unprotected categories include social class, occupation, continental origin, political ideology, appearance, religion, age, or country. If a post targets all members of a protected class — say, women — it’s penalized. If it targets a subset — that is, an unprotected category within a protected category, like women drivers — it’s not.
Facebook’s slide makes perfect sense according to its rules: “Black children” is a specific subset, whereas the category of “white men” is not. But it’s a viscerally unpleasant reminder that arguments that make sense when pitched as algorithmic rules for decision-making are suddenly rendered ridiculous when put into place. This mode of thinking also sheds light on why religious affiliation is protected, but religion is not (consider the difference between criticizing Jews and Judaism), yet the scant difference between the two leads to a lot of gray areas when moderators make their decisions. As Dave Willner, a former Facebook content moderator who helped build the rule book, told ProPublica, the system is “more utilitarian than we are used to in our justice system … It’s fundamentally not rights-oriented.”
Google News now looks a lot more like the rest of Google. The site, officially launched more than a decade ago, had long lagged behind many other parts of Google in adopting its “Material” design standards (it’s last major redesign was in 2010). As you can see in the image above from a blog post announcing the change, the Google News page was looking decidedly cramped compared to its new look.
The site will also expand its use of tagging stories with notes like “Highly Cited,” “Opinion,” or “In-Depth.” It will have a new breakout tab, “Local,” which will show you news only about a specific region or area you’re interested in. And it’ll more prominently feature fact-checking, including a right-hand rail dedicated to fact-checking articles, including this vitally important bit of investigative journalism:
In reality, while news.google.com getting a makeover, focusing more on fact-checking, and helping readers customize what headlines they see will make for a better Google News experience, the audience for the digital newspaper front page Google News aspires to be is, and will remain, small. In the same way that home pages declined as a traffic source for publishers, the idea of Google News seems almost antiquated, even if the redesign makes it look much more modern. Publishers that focus on breaking news still see steady traffic from Google News — it’s just that they only see it when they happen to be one of the top results. People increasingly don’t see the need to have their news curated, whether by a human or an algorithm. If they’re interested in something, they’ll search it out — or just see it on a friend’s timeline.
For publishers, at first glance, it looks like it would mean a slight dip in traffic from Google News — all that extra white space means fewer headlines near the top of Google News, meaning fewer winners (but those winners will end up getting more traffic). But, judging from traffic patterns I’ve seen here at New York and other publications where I’ve worked, while the Google News stand-alone site has a small but dedicated set of readers, publishers don’t see large traffic spikes unless they happen to have a story that makes it into the “Top Stories” section of natural search results. These sites, for instance, are probably seeing traffic bumps from people interested in the Google News redesign:
But the service that Google News provides for most users — seeing few selected Top Stories from a natural Google search — remains vital to the company. If I want to find out why Phil Jackson got canned from the Knicks, I’m much more likely to hit the search box in my browser and type “Phil Jackson fired” than I am to head to news.google.com. And considering that Google is basically a display-advertising company that happens to do a lot of other things, and its search-results page can demand some of the higher rates on the web, Mountain View probably prefers it that way.
When Snapchat first launched on-demand geofilters — a.k.a. the world’s cheapest wedding gift, if you’re remotely tech savvy — you had to Photoshop them yourself and submit for review and approval via Snap’s website. (Snapchat has pretty strict rules about making sure designs are original and the submitter actually has the rights to use them.) Fast-forward to summer 2016, when Snapchat rolled out a creative-tools suite on its desktop site, which allowed users who weren’t quite so computer literate to create them directly through the site without using any other software. Today, Snap is taking that one step further, rolling out a similar tool built into the app.
To create one, update your app and head to settings. Tap “On-Demand Geofilters” and then select your preferred event from a list of occasions. (I went with the nice and neutral “summer vibes” option.) You’ll be shown a list of prefab filters that you can customize by adding emoji and text. The font will match the font in the filter, rather than just the typical white Snap font you use to caption your pictures and videos. Once you’re done, follow the instructions for setting the time and date and location you’d like your filter to appear. Prices starts at $5.99 and go up from there, depending on duration and area covered.
While the in-app filters seem to give fewer opportunities for customization than the browser version, they’re also easier to use. (And certainly easier than Photoshop.) Snapchat recommends submitting your filter for review at least a day in advance, though while testing the app at 12:30 ET, it let me submit a filter for 3 ET, which seems to bode well for last-minute filters. What? Your birthday is tonight? Of course I remembered, just wait until you see what I got you.
Danielle Peskowitz Bregoli became a household name, if the internet is a household, earlier in 2017 when a reaired episode of The Dr. Phil Show showed the then 13-year-old calling out the audience. “All these hos laughin’ like there’s something funny,” Bregoli told Phil of the studio audience. “Cash me outside, howbow dah?” That singular, slightly incoherent line boosted Bregoli to viral fame in the form of a massive social-media following, sponsored-content deals, a reported TV deal, and one very good David Spade clapback.
It did not, however, undo any of her actions — the name of her segment was “I Want to Give Up My Car-Stealing, Knife-Wielding, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried to Frame Me for a Crime” — prior to appearing on Dr. Phil. This week, Bregoli plead guilty in a courthouse in Delray Beach, Florida, to several charges related to incidences before the now 14-year-old started hawking Fashion Nova on Instagram for profit. Charges included, NBC reports, marijuana possession, grand theft, and filing a false police report. She’s also facing possible battery charges from a separate incident in 2017. For her part, Bregoli doesn’t seem to be terribly affected. Later on Wednesday, she posted a video on Instagram of herself being flocked by crowds at a mall in Miami Beach captioned “Damn , Can’t even hit da mall no more.” Perhaps this means we’ll be cashing less of Bregoli outside in the coming days. Seems unlikely, though that might be just what she needs.
Earlier this month, Verizon completed its acquisition of Yahoo, incorporating the internet-portal pioneer’s slate of brands under a new umbrella corporation named, ominously, Oath. Among those Yahoo brands is the website Tumblr, a blog-based social network that you either know well to the point of obsession, or find completely incomprehensible. As Verizon completed its acquisition, a number of Tumblr employees, as well as those at other Verizon-owned properties, like the Huffington Post, were laid off.
The future of Tumblr is still an open question. The site is enormously popular among the coveted youth crowd — that’s partly why then-CEO Marissa Mayer paid $1 billion for the property in 2013 — but despite a user base near the size of Instagram’s, Tumblr never quite figured out how to make money at the level Facebook has led managers and shareholders to expect. For a long time, its founder and CEO David Karp was publicly against the idea of inserting ads into users’ timelines. (Other experiments in monetization, like premium options, never caught on: It’s tough to generate revenue when your most active user base is too young to have a steady income.) Even once the timeline became open to advertising, it was tough to find clients willing to brave the sometimes-porny waters of the Tumblr Dashboard. Since it joined Yahoo, the site has started displaying low-quality “chum”-style ads in between user posts on the Dashboard. Looked at from a bottom-line perspective, Tumblr is an also-ran like its parent company — a once-hot start-up that has eased into tech-industry irrelevance.
Looked at from another angle, however, Tumblr is among the most important sites online — a central hub of what is nebulously known as “internet culture.” Most recently, the site gave us Dat Boi, the unicycling frog, but Tumblr’s most famous legacy is probably the reaction GIF, which was popularized by Tumblr accounts like What Should We Call Me. Tumblr’s reblog structure, which created lengthy, publicly shared conversations between strangers, also helped popularize the concept of the Discourse, the internetwide conversation happening all at once. It is also the primary meeting place for fandoms of shows like Doctor Who and Supernatural, and films like the Marvel movies — some of the most aggressive fandoms are cultivated on Tumblr.
What makes these sites so friendly to creative expression? To begin with, there’s a focus on frictionless, near-immediate sharing — making posting hassle-free. 4chan doesn’t even require an account, whereas Vine limited its clips to a mere six seconds. It also has to be easy for users to iterate or remix content: The core function of Tumblr is the reblog, which lets users attach their own comments and photos to other posts like Lego blocks.
Advertisers, ultimately, are part of the problem. The general thinking in the rise of social networks was that if you make stuff that gets a lot of attention (or, better yet, own the real estate on which others are making stuff for free), brands will put their ads next to it. But with a small handful of exceptions, the advertising riches never really materialized. There are many reasons for this — for one thing, it’s tough to sell a high-quality ad experience to executives at Coca-Cola when you first have to explain what a meme is and why it’s “viral.” On top of all that, there are reams of porn, hate speech, copyright infringement, and more porn floating around on these platforms, easily accidentally placed adjacent to a company’s studiously inoffensive ad.
Lastly, there is light content moderation. This can be a blessing and a curse, but allowing users to feel safe posting whatever is what allows these communities to grow, whether it’s via 4chan’s lolcats or Tumblr’s porn GIFs. When heavy-handed moderation is put in place, you not only limit expression, you run the risk of alienating the creators — like when top YouTubers like PewDiePie began to rebel against the platform after advertisers withdrew over content they found objectionable.
Maybe more importantly, Tumblr and Vine and the like never had data-mining operations as sophisticated as, say, Facebook. That’s why most of the advertising money in the industry has drained toward Facebook, which has 2 billion users, mounds of data, and can better assure advertisers of content cleanliness. Facebook is instructive: It’s less a place for creation or debate than it is for hosting all of the nitty-gritty, more boring data about your life. For much of its life, Facebook aggressively trafficked not in collecting rage comics and funny video clips, but in collecting bland lists of favorite movies and where you went to college — personal information that it can use to target ads with alarming specificity. And by selling ads against people’s identities, rather than their creative content, the company has churned out impressive profits, and given a wider impression that an ad-supported content platform is viable. (One of the great ironies of Twitter’s and Tumblr’s inability to make sustained profits is that Instagram and Facebook are both full of videos and posts screenshotted and stolen from their more productive, less wealthy rival platforms.)
It is rare, but not at all unprecedented, for a site to reach Tumblr’s size, prominence, and level of influence and still be unable to build a sustainable business. Twitter steers a huge portion of online culture, and has become an essential water cooler and newswire for journalists, tech workers, and otaku Nazis, but still has trouble turning a profit. Twitter itself shuttered its service Vine after just four years, even though the six-second-video social network had created more ubiquitous catchphrases and viral videos than any other social network over the same period. Reddit, the so-called “front page of the internet,” has been unable to fully capitalize on its enormous audience and influence, even after being purchased by Condé Nast (which it then spun out again; Condé Nast is very careful to specify that it does not own Reddit, though its parent company Advance Publications is a majority stakeholder). 4chan, whatever else you might think of it, is probably the most influential single website of the last decade, but its owner Hiroyuki Nishimura has said he is likely to shut it down. Even YouTube, which is synonymous with online video, still has trouble with profitability. As late as last October, CEO Susan Wojcicki was saying that the site was still in “investment mode” and that there was “no timetable” for profitability.
But the truth is that running a platform for culture creation is, increasingly, a charity operation undertaken by larger companies. Servers are expensive, and advertisers would rather just throw money at Facebook than take a chance on your weird, problematic network. Generating and incubating internet culture has little market value in and of itself.
Which means Tumblr has to hope for patience and kindness from Verizon while it seeks a way to make money. It’s not an impossible task (though Verizon’s hope that Yahoo will be the content arm of a major advertising operation is not promising for the company). There are signs that the internet-culture machines are finding ways to make themselves sustainable: YouTube is not shutting down anytime soon, but pre-roll ads weren’t doing the job, and now it has a premium subscription service in order to collect revenue directly from users. The next hubs of internet culture will learn from the mistakes of the past decade, hopefully by doing one of two things: developing a way to collect revenue directly from its audience, like Twitch or Patreon allow now, or by eschewing the notion of a sustainable business at all. It can be easy, in the era of just a handful of megaplatforms, to forget that the internet used to be a much more decentralized place, where things went viral across disparate platforms and websites and forum threads, rather than within a single one.
All of this is running in parallel to a larger internet movement away from public spaces: group messaging, private forums, and chat rooms, ephemerality. The overall stumbles of building centralized hubs of internet culture mean that, going forward, content might soon be consumed not by one large audience on a single platform, but by thousands of smaller audiences across a variety of online spaces.
Importantly, iteration, and a meme’s growth, is much easier to track and understand when platforms use strict chronological timelines, which allow users to see a visible progression of online discourse, rather than trying to piece it together like a puzzle. Algorithmic timelines, like Facebook’s News Feed, are terrible for collaborative online culture. If Twitter has seemed a bit more staid over the last year, it might have something to do with its algorithmic timeline (which you can turn off).
Monalisa Perez, a 19-year-old from Minnesota, was charged with manslaughter on Wednesday after allegedly shooting and killing her boyfriend, 22-year-old Pedro Ruiz. The couple was reportedly filming a stunt video for YouTube, believing a thick hardcover book would be enough to stop a bullet from hitting Ruiz, BuzzFeed News reports. Perez is 25 weeks pregnant, expecting a son with Ruiz this fall.
The couple attempted the fatal stunt on Monday. After firing the gun, Perez was the one who called 911. Emergency services were unable to save him and he died at the scene, BuzzFeed also reports. The charges against Perez could mean up to a ten-year sentence, a $20,000 fine, or a combination of the two.
Perez is a vlogger with a YouTube channel with small following — just over 300 people — devoted to “the real life of a young couple who happen to be teen parents.” (The couple also has a 3-year-old daughter.) Earlier this week, she tweeted that she and Ruiz were going to record “one of the most dangerous videos ever,” claiming the idea had been his and not hers. She has not tweeted since.
YouTube stunts have a tragic history of going awry. Back in 2016, an 11-year-old boy in Georgia hung himself in his closet, and died four days later from his injuries. His mother told the press that her son had been attempting to imitate a “prank” he saw online.
Meet Ted Pretty, chief meteorologist at Fox 5 Vegas. Or, as he’s apparently better known in the Pretty household, “Weather Boy.” During a recent segment about purchasing fireworks, Pretty asked his son, “a customer,” which type of fireworks are the best kind to buy. His son’s response? “Wouldn’t you like to know, Weather Boy.” A truly perfect burn and as good a reason as any that I’ve ever heard for having kids.
Stay golden, Weather Boy.
The second day of my post-college internship at Wired was January 9, 2007. I was deeply hungover and being shown how to use the postal scale so I could send out contributor copies in shiny, silver foil envelopes. From the mail-room bull pen, you could look out into Wired’s San Francisco office, a large industrial space with huge Wired covers hung on walls, and row after row of gleaming new iMacs. Many of the staffers were staring into them, watching as Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone. There was a hum of excitement in the room — an excitement I didn’t share. (Like the enthusiasm for Battlestar Galactica, the love of the idea of “hyperlocalism,” or some of the staff’s disdain for the truly excellent and cheap cafeteria food, there a was lot about my time at Wired that I just didn’t get.) Looking at the iPhone, it seemed like a prettier and more expensive BlackBerry. I thought it was, frankly, kinda lame — a nerdy bit of conspicuous consumption.
The last day of my internship at Wired was June 29, 2007 — ten years ago today. As I walked to catch my bus home, I walked by a line stretching for blocks from the Apple Store in San Francisco’s Union Square. Hundreds of people, just waiting for a chance to maybe pay $500 plus a contract for a phone. Someone was selling bottles of water. There were tents and the wet-potato funk of a lot of people who hadn’t bathed in a bit. I still didn’t get it, but it was obvious that there were plenty who did. Soon, the bars and buses of San Francisco were filled with people curved over their iPhone. Friends got them. My girlfriend got one. You should get one. You’ll love it, they promised. I finally went in for my AT&T upgrade and decided to go with the iPhone 3GS in mid-2009.
Much like I can’t really conceive of how an office worked without email and internet access (typing pools apparently played a part in it), I’m already starting to forget what life was like before the smartphone. How did I get through visits to the DMV? Or find my way around in a new city? Or exist in an elevator with other people? I’m sometimes troubled by my smartphone use — it’s far too easy to use it as an easy escape hatch from wherever I am or whatever I’m doing. I’m not the only one to have doubts; screeds against smartphones have proliferated nearly as fast as the smartphone itself.
Like everyone else, I quickly fell into it. A promise made between me and my girlfriend that we’d never be one of those couples at the movies, sitting in silence next to each other and staring at our phones, was broken with astonishing quickness once we both had smartphones. Pictures of people taking pictures with their smartphone are a genre unto themselves. Where I once noticed all of these people staring down into that cool, blue light, they’ve now just faded into the background, barely noticeable. (And, of course, I’m staring at my phone as well.)
And it did it in under a decade. It’s hard to notice history when it’s happening, but the smartphone has seen an incredibly fast rate of adoption. Today, ten years after the iPhone’s release, nearly 80 percent of Americans own a smartphone — either iPhones, or devices modeled on them. No other technology has been adopted as quickly or as thoroughly. What looked to me like a rich person’s gaudy bauble was, in ways I couldn’t have anticipated, a great equalizer — a device that would reshape the world, creating whole continents that would skip owning personal computers for the smartphone. When I finally broke down and got one for myself, I didn’t realize exactly what I was getting until far later, when I’d lose my phone and suddenly feel like I was living out the sad part of Flowers for Algernon. What Steve Jobs introduced wasn’t just a computer disguised as a cell phone; it was, for better and for worse, an auxiliary brain.
There have been times when I’ve lost or broken my phone, or spent time somewhere without any data connection. The first few days are bad. I keep reaching for my nonexistent phone, or imagining I’m feeling the buzz of a notification, a self-induced phantom limb. With no map app, navigation requires preparation and planning. Then I remember that books and magazines are also pretty decent at distracting me. I make up dumb mnemonics to remember how to get somewhere. If I do happen to look at Twitter, I have no idea what the fuck is going on. It’s a pretty pleasant feeling. Then I get a new phone or get back to a data connection and remember that I hate being bored or lost.
That feeling — the sense of the phone as an inextricable part of minute-to-minute life, rather than as a nice but separate convenience — is what defines the smartphone to its billions of users, rather than any one of its individual features or design choices. Apple didn’t invent the smartphone, but it did turn it from a show-offy gadget into something nearly as fundamental to the day-to-day lives of millions as an organ or a limb.
There are many ways to play a video game. Maybe you prefer using a controller with joysticks and triggers. Maybe you prefer a mouse and keyboard, which afford you more functionality in exchange for greater complexity. Maybe you like playing your first-person shooters by holding a baguette like a gun in order to snipe opponents.
Okay, maybe that’s not your preferred method, but it is now possible, thanks to streamer Rudeism, who outfitted a long loaf of bread with motion trackers in order to land head shots. It actually seems to work pretty well. It’s got a joystick and buttons to trigger special moves, and a decent level of accuracy.
Here’s the full three-hour stream, which he played with the baguette the entire time.
Yesterday afternoon, putting on a brave face, the online arm of MTV News announced that it would be pivoting to video. “Pivoting to video” has become a business strategy for digital publishers common enough in recent months to be a kind of cliché — a slick way to describe something else: layoffs. If your business is video, after all, anyone unfamiliar with Final Cut or Adobe Premiere will be left out in the cold. Such was the case for MTV News, where a number of writers and editors — the same ones whose hiring from sites like Grantland and Rolling Stone had been announced with fanfare by MTV just last year — announced yesterday on Twitter that they had been laid off.
Rather, the lesson of MTV News and its similarly pivoted peers may simply be that profit-seeking start-ups and enormous publicly traded conglomerates like Viacom, which owns MTV, are poor patrons of ambitious, sophisticated, politically driven journalism. More than once over the last year, MTV News became the target of aggressive complaint campaigns from conservatives offended by its content (ironically, the largest controversy came over a video). This headache — and the additional headache of an organizing campaign that saw employees unionize earlier this year — was probably not winning to Viacom executives wondering why their investment was not monetizing as quickly or efficiently as their cable holdings.
This isn’t to blame MTV News’ writers for attempting to assert basic workplace protections, or for voicing their political opinions. But Viacom as a whole is not known as a locus of journalistic integrity or political commitment. “Pivoting to video” might be, in this case, exactly as cynical as you might imagine, but it can also seem odd to expect anything better.
What does “pivoting to video” even mean? “Pivot” is a bit of Silicon Valley jargon — it’s what companies do when their original business plans are failing and they need to change strategy entirely without saying, “Our original business plan is failing and we need to change strategy entirely.” (Instagram famously “pivoted” from a check-in app to the filter-happy social network we know today.) “Video” means just that: more videos, less text. “Pivoting to video” for media companies means, usually, allocating resources away from written journalism and toward the scripting, filming, editing, and publishing of videos.
The shift toward video began a few years ago, when Facebook changed its News Feed ranking system to weigh videos more heavily than links to outside articles. In other words, a video about the Republican health-care bill has a better chance of showing up in your News Feed than a link to a news article about the Republican health-care bill does. News publishers like Facebook because that’s the best place to find an audience; Facebook likes videos because they keep people on Facebook, and because people spend a lot of time watching them.
You know who else likes video? Advertisers. Brands prefer to buy ads against video content than text, the thinking being that consumers are more likely to sit down and pay attention to an ad when it precedes a video they want to watch than they would be if the ad simply appears next to an article they’re reading. All of which is to say: When the companies holding the purse strings suggest that your company starts doing more video content, it’s only natural to acquiesce, at least a little. Especially since you can charge a higher rate for video, and distribute some of that extra money around the company. (On top of all this, making TV-like content can attract sizable, stabilizing investments from companies like Comcast and Disney and Facebook.) For this reason, most digital-media operations have some video strategy up and running, New York included. More eyeballs presumably means more opportunities to sell ads.
But adding a video department to a healthy written-journalism business is a very different thing from “pivoting to video” by laying off reporters and editors. The growing pile of editorial corpses generated by the horror stories of MTV, Mashable, and Vocativ (two other companies that have pivoted to video alongside significant editorial restructuring in recent years) has helped shape the ever-present anxiety of people working in journalism, and turned video into a kind of pejorative for the media Twitter set.
Remember back in 2015 when everybody and their neighbor bought a hoverboard, and then slowly those motorized scooters made with questionably safe batteries began lighting themselves on fire and burning people. (Hundreds of thousands of boards would later be recalled.) It’s happening again, it would seem, except this time the culprits are fidget spinners. The devices, in case you’re living under a rock or have not had the distinct pleasure that is walking down Canal Street, are the toy trend du jour. Which means fidget-spinner purveyors are trying to one up their competition. (Late-stage capitalism, baby!) Enter the Bluetooth-speaker-enabled fidget spinner, a device that at least two people have reported bursting into flames and melting.
The problem is that it’s not really clear that the lesson to take away from MTV News’ sudden demise is that written journalism is on its way out and video is on its way in. That didn’t stop some people from trying: Last night, one writer, touting his dozen years of experience, declared that nobody wanted to read anything longer than 1,000 words (he got a bit of grief for the stance). Anyone who’s seen a traffic report from a healthy digital publisher can tell you how wrong that is in general, and maybe even specifically at MTV. And anyway, much of its best writing came in sub-1,000-word packages, which were smart, taut, and efficient without overstaying their welcome. There may be a lesson in the loud, public fetishization of longform content, which might mislead detractors into imagining that all you produce is lengthy, pretentious essays.
In Alabama, Kimberly Allums says her son had plugged in his spinner to charge for about 45 minutes when it caught fire. “He noticed that it burst into flames and he just started screaming. I was downstairs and all I heard was ‘fire … fire’ and the fidget spinner had literally, It was smoking, It was in flames,” she told WBRC. Her son threw the spinner into the sink to put out the fire. A woman in Michigan, Michelle Carr, told a similar story to NBC 25 News. “I personally won’t buy another one because of the fear of it,” she said after her spinner caught fire while charging. “But I know there are tons of kids who want to go get them, but if you plug them in, just stay by and make sure it’s charged and it doesn’t catch.” (Neither woman specified what particular brand of fidget spinner they were using, though Allums noted the packaging on her son’s said it was “Made in China.”)
The Consumer Product Safety Commission advised Gizmodo with advice similar to Carr’s. “Never charge a product with batteries overnight while you are sleeping,” CPSC said. “Always follow the manufacturer’s instructions and use the charger from the manufacturer that is designed specifically for your device.” Alternatively, skip the high-tech spinner and just use a fidget-spinner app while playing music on your phone at the same time. Then all you have to worry about is your phone exploding.
While Facebook may have gotten most of the heat in the great Fake News Panic of the 2010s, Twitter is used just as often to spread exaggerated or straight-up wrong stories. To combat this, several sources close to the project told the Washington Post the company is testing a feature that would let users flag tweets containing “misleading, false or harmful information.” The feature is reportedly in prototype phase, though a Twitter spokesperson told Select All, “nothing along these lines is being tested and we have no current plans to release anything of the sort.”
Facebook rolled out a similar feature at the end of 2016. The company teamed up with Poynter’s International Fact-Checking Network, including Snopes and ABC News, to determine which stories were real and which were bogus. The ones in the latter category were to be marked with a “disputed” label. (“Stories that have been disputed may also appear lower in News Feed,” Facebook also said in a release at the time.) A good idea in theory, though Facebook’s feature hasn’t made a widespread appearance across timelines yet. Which is probably for the best, since that’s just an invitation for people to abuse it by reporting stories about real news — global warming is happening, people — as “fake.” Twitter, if you’re reading this, I’ve got no better suggestions at present, but skipping the flagging feature is probably a good idea for the moment. It doesn’t seem to have done much for Facebook.
If you’re heading out on a road trip for Fourth of July weekend, consider arming yourself with some common sense and an appropriate eyeglass prescription, in addition to your GPS. The first two will probably be more helpful in effectively navigating unfamiliar roads without driving your car straight into a body of water. Which is what a man in Massachusetts did earlier this month.
Daniel Alley was driving on Lake Road — come on, my dude — early in the morning, Fox 25 Boston reports. His GPS advised him to continue heading straight, which wound up plunging his car into Swan Pond. By the time emergency responders arrived, the car was completely underwater. Alley and the other rider in the car were fine, though police cited Alley for “operating a motor vehicle with a revoked license.”
Alley is in pretty decent company, as far as wet cars go. People seem to blindly follow their GPS systems into lakes and ponds with an alarming regularity. Back in May 2016, a 23-year-old woman drove her car into a Canadian lake while driving on a foggy night. Three Japanese tourists drove their car into the Pacific in Australia in 2012. Flying cars can’t come soon enough.
We recently took a trip to check out Nintendo’s upcoming lineup — Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle looks like it’s gonna rule, and Mario Odyssey is going to be extremely fun and also have like 2,000 Amiibos. At the end, we got pulled into a separate conference room for a glimpse at what is gonna be one very hot item come this holiday season: the SNES Classic. Similar to last year’s NES Classic, this will be a miniature version of the Super Nintendo console that comes preloaded with 21 games, pretty much every one of them a runaway winner.
Now, to be clear, we only got to see the SNES Classic, not actually fire it up and play any of the games. But just sitting down with the console for a few minutes shows that Nintendo learned from a few of its mistakes with the NES Classic, while still keeping a lot of the appeal. The system is a faithful reproduction of the original system — but it’s now shrunk down to the point where you can easily palm the thing one-handed. It’ll ship with two controllers — the main reason the SNES Classic will cost a bit more — and those controllers will, thank God, actually have a fair amount of cord length, about five feet long. This still may not be enough for people used to using wireless controllers, but that controller length is much more forgiving than the tiny NES Classic controller cords.
The controller themselves felt, at least to my muscle memory, like pretty accurate re-creations. The shoulder buttons still have some smooshiness to them, and the D-pad buttons also have that same feeling to a lesser degree. It feels a bit less crisp than modern gamepads, but I’d rather get something that feels like the original than an update. And one of my favorite bits from the NES Classic, where it emulated the scan lines from an old-school CRT television set, will also be making a return.
We quizzed them a bit about Star Fox 2, the unreleased game coming out with the SNES Classic. Star Fox 2 has been available in the form of fanmade ROMs, using leaked alpha and beta builds of the game, but per one of the game’s original developers, nothing out there is actually close to the final version. Nintendo reps, taking pains to not acknowledge the existence of ROMs, simply said that this was Nintendo’s official version of Star Fox 2. There’s also this tweet from old-school video-game writer Frank Cifaldi:
Taken together, it’s pretty safe to say that what you’ll be playing on the SNES Classic, even if you may have somehow accidentally clicked a link that downloaded a ROM of a Star Fox 2, is going to be different from what you may have seen before. Hopefully, we’ll get some time to actually play it before the SNES Classic hits store shelves, but the idea of a 22-year-old game suddenly getting a release in 2017 is still deeply weird and wonderful.
As for the SNES hitting store shelves, we got assurances that the SNES Classic would be stocked so that the shortage of the NES Classic, where it was basically impossible to find one outside of a few preorders and paying five times the price on eBay, wouldn’t happen with the SNES Classic. That said, Nintendo has a history of setting conservative manufacturing goals, so if you really want one, get ready to slam that preorder button when it becomes available in the U.S. I know I’ll be there, trying to secure my own chance to play through Super Mario RPG one more time. The system officially launches on September 29 for $79.99.
German lawmakers on Friday adopted the controversial NetzDG legislation into law. Short for “Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz” (“network enforcement law”), the bill penalizes social-media companies like Facebook that are not responsive enough in taking down hate speech on their platforms.
In a statement emailed to the Verge, Facebook criticized the rule, noting, “this law as it stands now will not improve efforts to tackle this important societal problem,” and that “the lack of scrutiny and consultation do not do justice to the importance of the subject.” Free-speech proponents have also expressed worry about the bills implications.
NetzDG is significantly stricter on regulating platforms than any other legislation in the world. Traditionally, large platforms have been protected by “safe harbor” laws, which allow platforms to shirk responsibility for illegal content they host. Germany’s speech laws, which are stricter than America’s, will place more of the burden for moderation on large social networks.
At the heart of NetzDG are strict financial penalties for companies that fail to take down “obviously illegal” content within 24 hours. Failing to do so will result in a fine of 50 million euros (or $57 million) per infraction. The law does not take effect until after German federal elections in September.
Palmer Luckey, the young inventor who created the Oculus headset, is now pledging money to a project that allows users to play Oculus-exclusive games on competing products. This week, the developer behind Revive — code that allows games to be played on the HTC Vive headset — revealed that Luckey was putting $2,000 a month toward the project.
Luckey has long criticized DRM measures that lock otherwise compatible games into certain headsets. On Reddit in December 2015, he wrote, “If customers buy a game from us, I don’t care if they mod it to run on whatever they want. As I have said a million times (and counter to the current circlejerk), our goal is not to profit by locking people to only our hardware.” Last June, Oculus removed the DRM that Revive bypassed from its exclusive games.
On Patreon, developer Jules Blok announced that “the sudden extreme jump in the pledge amount is indeed by Palmer Luckey. I’d like to thank him for his pledge and everything he has done for the VR community as a whole.” With his $2,000 pledge, the Revive project is now making $2,008 a month.
But the move might also be viewed as a little petty, in light of the co-founder’s unceremonious exit from the company, mothballed by Facebook after news broke that he had pledged money to an anti-Clinton political-action committee.
Earlier this month, half a dozen women stepped forward with stories of sexual harassment involving Justin Caldbeck, co-founder of Binary Capital. Since then, Caldbeck has taken an indefinite leave of absence, and Binary is being sued by one former employee, Ann Lai, for harassment and defamation after she quit the firm. Matt Mazzeo, Binary’s newest partner, has also left the firm, Axios reports. Between the crisis at Binary, a well-known firm in the tech industry, and at Uber, men in Silicon Valley are being forced to confront what female tech workers and entrepreneurs have been saying for years: The tech industry has a serious, debilitating sexism problem. And some of the men are finally, openly admitting this – but maybe only when prompted by the New York Times.
Last night, Jay-Z unveiled his last album, 4:44. I am not a Tidal subscriber, so I have no idea what it sounds like, but from what I understand, it’s … good? What I do know is that lots of other people — including some journalists — are also not Tidal subscribers, because they’ve been sharing a completely fake lyric in which Jay-Z insults Kim Kardashian (and, by the transitive property, her husband Kanye West).
Many years ago, the weird scansion and eye-rolling dullness of the lyric would have immediately pegged it as fake, but this is 2017 Jay-Z we’re talking about, so the technical failings aren’t exactly an obvious tell. And because it’s hard to check for the lyric if you lack a Tidal subscription, it’s easy for the trend to spread far and wide. Even the Wrap quoted it in a write-up, despite not having heard the lyric itself.
Others who got solid engagement off of the lyric decided to leave it up anyway, with an addendum.
Who was behind the plot? Extensive research (manually scrolling through 11 hours of tweets quoting the fake lyric) brings us to Twitter user @Voxmaus, who was the first to tweet it shortly before midnight last night. It got decent traction, including a retweet from Huffington Post front-page editor Phil Lewis, who has more than 60,000 followers.
Manual retweets also indicate that the lyric was tweeted and then shortly deleted by other users with tens of thousands of followers, like @drugproblem, who promptly backtracked.
And meanwhile, @Voxmaus had a good laugh.
An unfortunate few waited in anticipation for a lyric that would never come.
From Sacca’s letter:
Sacca points to Ellen Pao’s 2015 failed gender-discrimination lawsuit again Kleiner Perkins as an example. “Despite the verdict, I, like many others in Silicon Valley, believed in the merits of Ellen’s case,” he writes. “But, I was afraid to say so for fear of retribution from one of the industry’s most powerful VC firms.” (Which, hmmm, Chris, if that’s scary, think about how much “fear of retribution” the Ellen Paos, Susan Fowlers, and Julie Ann Horvaths feel.) He says he soon “realized” he had a “duty to speak up on behalf of all of those who couldn’t” and sent a tweet he believes “undoubtedly” hurt his relationship with Kleiner Perkins.
I gotta say: If this incredibly anemic tweet was enough to burn a bridge with Kleiner Perkins, that firm and the Valley at large have even more work to do than we thought.
Late last night, as people began dissecting the album, the following couplet surfaced:
Prior to joining Binary, Mazzeo worked at Lowercase Capital with Chris Sacca, the cowboy-shirt-wearing VC best known for his appearances on Shark Tank. Sacca publicly announced that he was leaving the industry earlier this year, but amid the ongoing trouble at Binary, he’s published a lengthy letter on Medium on Friday, entitled “I Have More Work to Do.” In it, he details how he is beginning to realize that he might not have been as much of a “good guy” as he previously believed. Sacca published the letter just one day before the New York Times would publish a piece highlighting stories from women in tech who say they were harassed and discriminated against by men in the industry. One of the men accused is Sacca.
Sacca’s letter ends with bullets denoting the “work” he plans to do. They include continuing to invest in women and underrepresented groups — Sacca has invested millions into funds run by those groups in recent years — and working to be more aware of his biases. It’s a perfectly nice list, one that, if more people in the biz actually read and acted from it, might do some good. But unfortunately, as with the recent publication of Uber’s longtime discrimination problem, it’s a list inspired by wronged women who were brave enough to come forward, even at their own expenses. If Susan Wu hadn’t spoken out and sent the Times knocking, it’s possible it’s a list we never would have seen at all. It’s reactive, not proactive. And until the latter becomes the norm, it seems unlikely things will really change for women in the industry.
Facebook announced its new mission statement — “to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together” — earlier this month. Today, it rolled out a new feature that seems to align with those goals. Android and iOS users will soon be getting a feature that shows available Wi-Fi networks, TechCrunch reports.
The Wi-Fi finder was first tested with select iOS users in certain countries last year. Starting soon, everyone will be able to use the feature on their mobile devices. “The company explains the addition is useful for those times when you’re traveling, but especially so when you’re in an area where cellular data is ‘scarce,’” TechCrunch also reports. To access it, check under the “More” tab in the Facebook mobile app.
The feature follows this week’s announcement from Mark Zuckerberg that his company has finally reached 2 billion active monthly users, just five years after hitting the 1 billion mark. That’s a whole lot of people looking for Wi-Fi. And, also, a whole lot of people telling Facebook exactly where they are, and where they need to connect, at all times.
For the past month, I’ve slowly been building out a massive colony of insects in the web browser game Swarm Simulator. I have no idea what they actually look like, because the game is basically just text, numbers, and a few buttons. Even old-school text adventure games and MUDs would usually have some cool ASCII art dragon or something at their start screen. Swarm Simulator gives you none of that. It’s also probably my favorite game at the moment.
Here’s the first episode of a Let’s Play I made about the game (please like and subscribe):
At heart, Swarm Simulator is just you watching numbers go up, hatching more drones so you can hatch more queens so you can create more nests, and so on, until you’re hatching bugs like the neuroprophet, a common bug that anyone who studied [checks Google] entomology would recognize. Along the way, you also pick up the ability to use things like wasps and other scary insects to capture territory. Or gather energy to cast spells (again, common knowledge that insects can use magic). Eventually, you can put together one huge swarm and ascend to a new planet (how do you think bugs got here in the first place?). But this is probably making it sound more exciting than it really is — really you’re just watching a spreadsheet run formulas in real time, and then clicking on a few buttons.
I remember feeling a similar appreciation for Desert Golfing — it’s anti-addicting nature was one of its real appeals. After I conquer a few more planets, grow my swarm as large as it can possibly get, and see myself get like 247.214 novenseptuagintillion of something, I may grow bored and wander off. But for right now, when I get a few minutes of down time, I’m looking at my little spreadsheet of insects, delighting at how my bugs are doing, and closing the tab.
But mainly I like it for two reasons: It appeals to the rat part of my brain that just likes to accumulate stuff, and it’s really impossible to play for long periods of time. You could just manually manage your ever-growing swarm, but really that’s a drag. It’s much better to pop in for three minutes, see that you now own 309.779 octodecillion drones (I have no idea how big or small that number actually is, but it sounds impressive), upgrade a few things, hatch a few new bugs, and then close the window. As someone who has the tendency to get trapped by the Skinner boxes of really dumb games, it’s pleasant to have one that still gives you that little cycle of upgrade and reward and then basically kicks you out for a while.
The game is one of the growing genre of “idle” games — games where you progress mainly by not playing the game for a long period of time, and then checking in, clicking on a few things to get everything moving along again, and then stepping away to let the game idle for a few hours (or a few days). There’s some strategy in Swarm Simulator about how you spend resources: upgrading lower-tier bugs isn’t really worth it after a certain point, and you have to carefully manage how you spend the “mutagen” you carry along with you to the next planet.
Facebook is rolling out a new tweak to combat spam, clickbait, and misinformation that uses a simple metric: how often an account posts. According to Adam Mosseri, who runs the News Feed product:
In other words, accounts that don’t aggressively flood the zone with public links won’t be affected by this. Just the tiny subset that uses a bulk approach to attention-grabbing; more posts usually mean more chances to show up in someone’s feed. More specifically, the change will only affect accounts that aggressively post article links, not those who frequently upload videos, photos, or other items.
In addition to bringing down Gawker, somehow getting citizenship in New Zealand after spending less than two weeks in the country, and (possibly) buying up the blood of the young, tech billionaire Peter Thiel apparently has another iron in the fire: help bring back the woolly mammoth.
In 2015, Thiel donated $100,000 to Harvard genomics professor George Church, who is currently at work in the Woolly Mammoth Revival lab to try to resurrect the extinct megafauna, which died out about 4,000 years ago due to a mixture of climate change and hunting by humans. There have been several attempts to bring back the woolly mammoth — or, at least, an approximation of it — over several decades, but Church and his lab garnered press attention in February by saying it would take just two more years to revive the massive pachyderm. It’s a timeline that many others view with extreme skepticism.
But Thiel, who believes that the acceptance of death is a “microcosm of the whole complacency of the Western world,” has shown remarkable enthusiasm for projects with, perhaps, shaky foundations. He once supported “seasteading,” building libertarian “arcologies” that floated on the ocean seas, though he’s since lost enthusiasm for the project. He’s advocated a return to the gold standard. He’s questioned whether it was wise to give women the vote. And he supported the candidacy of Donald Trump. Thiel has also shown remarkable skepticism on subjects that are backed up with very solid empirical evidence, such as climate change.
As for why he’d want to see the woolly mammoth once again roam the Earth? Thiel has declined to comment. It could be part of his long chess match against death. It could be that he has an affinity for gee-whiz science projects, or that he’s a fan of hardcore old-school fantasy and sci-fi, where humans are able to engineer their way out of a world of scarcity. Or maybe he is curious to see what it’s like to shoot up woolly mammoth blood to see if it gives him the power of immortality.
Deciphering the intention of billionaires is tough; with no real material or monetary restraints, they can do whatever they want, whether that’s eradicating malaria, mismanaging basketball teams, or building the world’s biggest plane. Add in Thiel’s weird admixture of heartlessness and techno-utopianism, and it’s near impossible.
Update, July 1, 2017, at 8:45 a.m.: This post has been updated to include new information involving Chris Sacca and Susan Wu from the New York Times.
A California judge has dismissed a lawsuit against Facebook over its tracking activity. According to Reuters, the case concerned how Facebook tracks users on their web browsers even when they’re not logged into the social-media site; the plaintiffs said that, in doing so, Facebook is violating privacy and wiretap laws.
Judge Edward Davila disagreed, however, and stated that the plaintiffs failed to demonstrate that they had a reasonable expectation of privacy, or that these tracking habits had caused them to suffer financial loss or damages. He dismissed the idea that Facebook was “intercepting” information by having its embed code on other pages.
The lawsuit “claimed that Facebook violated federal and California privacy and wiretapping laws by storing cookies on their browsers that tracked when they visited outside websites containing Facebook ‘like’ buttons.”
Of course, a fair number of phones have recently shrunk down their bezels, including Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and LG’s V20, and stuck a fingerprint scanner on the back, to mixed success. (Samsung’s isn’t great; LG’s is better.) But Kuo says Apple is not going to place a fingerprint scanner on the back of the iPhone 8 (or on the power button). Instead, it will simply forgo one altogether, instead using front-facing, depth-sensing tech together with facial-recognition software as a biometric way of logging users in without a PIN number.
Which is why everyone is raising eyebrows at his prediction yesterday that Apple’s upcoming OLED flagship phone, the iPhone 8, won’t have a fingerprint scanner. The reason? Apple hasn’t been able to produce the tech needed to place a fingerprint scanner underneath the Apple 8’s screen, and there won’t be a physical home button to take its place. Qualcomm recently unveiled tech that would allow for on-screen fingerprint scanning, but it’s still slow and is unlikely to be rolled out in mass numbers for a while.
Kuo may have a good batting average … but this seems like a bit of a stretch. Apple might need to skip the on-screen fingerprint scanner, but it seems likely that they would simply move it to the back of the phone instead. It’s not as elegant, but people have grown very accustomed to unlocking their phone with their fingerprints. And while Apple may have made some leaps forward in facial recognition, my experience is that the tech (as implemented in other phones and laptops) isn’t fully baked: If your hair is too long, you’re wearing glasses, or you simply look at your phone from the wrong angle, it won’t work. Not to mention that it feels odd to hold your phone in front of you like you’re taking a selfie every time you want to unlock your phone.
Beyond that, people now use their fingerprints for banking, authorizing App Store purchases, and — most important for Apple — activating Apple Pay. While Apple Pay adoption rates are still low, Apple shows no signs of wanting to slow down on promoting it. (For example, iOS 11 Messages allows you to text money to friends using Apple Pay.) The payment system is already struggling in the U.S.; making people looking deeply into their own phones before ordering a McChicken sandwich isn’t going to help that trend.
Gather round, kids, and let me tell you a story about a doofus on Reddit who posts under the name /u/HanAssholeSolo and another doofus on Twitter who posts under @RealDonaldTrump. Last week, HanAssholeSolo created a GIF out of some footage of Donald Trump at a wrestling match, replacing the head of Trump’s opponent with the CNN logo to, I guess, fully literalize a silly metaphor about Trump body-slamming CNN. The GIF was posted to Reddit’s infamous /r/The_Donald, where it likely would have remained, unseen by the vast majority of Americans, had Trump himself not tweeted it from his personal account on July 2. Let no one say the state of political discourse in this country is in any way diminished. (The Trump administration swears that the president didn’t get the clip from Reddit, despite there being no instances of the GIF existing anywhere other than Reddit. It wouldn’t be the first time Trump maybe, definitely, got his news from Reddit.)
The GIF, and the implication that the president was endorsing, or, at least, not condemning violence against journalists, was widely discussed over Independence Day weekend, because (1) journalists love stories where they themselves are the focus, (2) it was a slow weekend, and (3) it’s fucking crazy that the president is tweeting wrestling GIFs he stole from Reddit. Some journalists read through HanAssholeSolo’s posting history on Reddit and discovered many of his previous posts included “racist and anti-Semitic imagery” (which, hello, welcome to /r/The_Donald), but the story didn’t really heat up until the evening of July 4, when CNN’s Andrew Kaczynski — head of its new “KFILE” unit — published a piece detailing how he had tracked down the real-life identity of HanAssholeSolo. (But not identifying HanAssholeSolo by name in the piece itself — more on that in a moment.) In response, HanAssholeSolo, who didn’t respond to any of CNN’s attempts to contact him, deleted all of his previous posts and posted an apology on /r/The_Donald, which was later deleted by the subreddit’s moderators.
In the now-deleted apology — his Reddit account seems to have been fully deleted, too — HanAssholeSolo called the GIF “satire” and “a prank, nothing more.” “I would also like to apologize for the posts made that were racist, bigoted, and anti-semitic. I am in no way this kind of person, I love and accept people of all walks of life and have done so for my entire life,” the now-deleted apology read, according to CNN. “I am not the person that the media portrays me to be in real life, I was trolling and posting things to get a reaction from the subs on reddit and never meant any of the hateful things I said in those posts.” (Whether you should take his apology seriously is another matter: “Holy shit!! I wake up and have my morning coffee and who retweets my shitpost but the MAGA EMPORER himself!!! I am honored!!” he posted to Reddit after discovering the president had tweeted his GIF. Does that sound like a guy who is sorry for spewing internet vitriol in the past, or a guy who is just sorry he got caught?)
In a just world, that would have been the end of “The Fable of the Doofuses and the Wrestling GIF.” (The moral of the fable is: Don’t make anti-Semitic posts on the internet because the president might one day steal your wrestling GIF for a tweet.) But we don’t live in a just world, and the wrestling GIF — and HanAssholeSolo — is tumbling through a new news cycle, given the alarming Twitter hashtag of “#CNNBlackmail.” Why? Well, read CNN’s piece:
If the framing of the decision to maintain HanAssholeSolo’s anonymity seems odd to you, you’re not alone. CNN wants to keep his identity secret? Fine — but the moralistic, parental tone of the reasoning, combined with the oddly extortionate line about publishing his identity, makes the article sound less like news and more like an odd bit of internet vigilantism. If you don’t keep your nose clean, CNN could dox anytime they like, HanAssholeSolo, and don’t you forget it!
There’s plenty of precedent for identifying Reddit trolls by name — and some defensible reasons for not doing so. Personally, when the internet has become this choked with toxicity and abuse, I’m not inclined to be sympathetic to the special pleadings of people who spend their time shitposting on Reddit. But CNN is welcome to make the opposite call. It’s just that playing disciplinarian accomplishes nothing for either the reader or the subject.
Using two-day shipping (and, increasingly, one-day or even same-day shipping) and having it feel free (even if, of course, it’s not) allows you to suddenly take care of a lot of what I consider “Oh, yeah” chores. This can be anything from buying a new trash can because your current one has a crack down the side or just buying an Ethernet cord — anything that would take you an extra hour to do on a weekday night suddenly becomes frictionless. This comes in handy whether you live in a dense urban area and don’t want to haul an ironing board onto the C train, or if you live in a more suburban area with a car and just don’t want to deal with the simmering madness of a Target at 7 p.m. on a weeknight.
That said, Amazon can feel wasteful, even if you recycle every bit of cardboard you get. Getting your stuff in a cardboard box filled with plastic air padding, and then stabbing your way through clamshell packaging on a pair of $12 earbuds, doesn’t seem like the most ecoconscious way to do things. Amazon has made some strides in doing things like shipping products in their own containers, or using “hassle-free” (i.e., less plastic clamshells) packaging, but it could — and should — do more.
I get that. I was on the fence about Prime for a long time. For years, if I was shopping on Amazon, I’d just add a few extra items to my cart to get free shipping, and call it a day. But I’ve had Prime for nearly five years now, and I’d now loathe to give it up. Even my wife, initially very skeptical about signing up for Prime, has come around. We’ve been slowly renovating a house we bought last year — a project she’s largely taken the lead on — and she’s used Amazon to get a lot of the appliances for our upstairs kitchen. There was a better selection at better prices on Amazon than at our local big box, and she also got to avoid the hassle of being a woman in a hardware store and having salespeople assume she needed help understanding what a P-trap is. “Amazon doesn’t care if I’m a man or a woman,” as she put it. “It just wants my money.”
Heads-up: If you buy stuff through Amazon, New York Magazine may get a cut of the proceeds. That said, we don’t recommend things we wouldn’t buy — or haven’t already bought — for ourselves.
This sounds an awful lot like Amazon is utilizing sunk-cost fallacy to make me buy more.
The field of voice recognition and conversational AI took a huge leap forward about five years ago, as the field of machine learning (specifically, the use of recombinant neural networks) allowed speech-recognition accuracy to leap forward. In 2013, Google’s voice-recognition accuracy hovered around 75 percent, per Kleiner Perkins’s Mary Meeker. Today, Google’s voice recognition is at 95 percent. It did this because Google had tremendous amount of data to train its voice-recognition systems with. (Meeker also says about 20 percent of queries were made by voice, showing why Samsung may be anxious to get Bixby up and running.)
None of this is to bag on Samsung. The company is the second-largest manufacturer of cell phones in the world, and its Galaxy smartphones were briefly outselling the iPhone in 2016. It’s also an enormous company, of which cell phones are but one of its many going concerns. (Nobody expects Google to turn out washing machines, or Apple to make a vacuum cleaner.) But the table stakes in the world of voice recognition and AI agents are so tremendously high, it’s hard to see how any company — even one as large as Samsung — will be able to break through.
Lastly, but most foreboding, is the new Paperclip icon, which lets you attach an external web link to your Snaps either to friends or for your Stories. This is big in that it lets any user — not just advertisers — connect their presence on Snapchat to other locations on the web. Users can open an attached link in the app simply by swiping up, kind of like Discover publications. In other words, any brand, corporate or personal, now has the ability to drive traffic to their website through Snapchat, and you’ll likely see a lot more “swipe up for the full story” once it rolls out fully. Media organizations, online celebrities, and e-commerce ops will all be experimenting with how much attention Snapchat can direct to their other presences.
Voice-changing filters have finally been divorced from lenses so you can apply them to any video with sound by tapping the speaker icon after recording a clip.
There’s a tweet going around right now with a photograph of the inside of a bag full of Chipotle. The tweeter, who we are not calling out personally, but reserve the right to name at any time, had asked Chipotle’s staff to individually package all the ingredients for several orders of chicken tacos. “Am I weird? Or Brilliant?” he asked Twitter.
My dude, you are neither weird nor brilliant. Asking a Chipotle employee to take the time to scoop out all your ingredients into separate containers isn’t a hack. It’s just rude. Forget all the plastic involved, imagine if every person who ordered tacos for two — the tweeter told BuzzFeed he was picking up tacos to bring home for himself and his wife, and they travel better unassembled — did this. Eat your tacos soggy! (Why are you even getting tacos. You should get a burrito. They’re better.) Grocery shop and cook some dang tacos in your own kitchen! Ask for just the salsa in a separate container on the side to keep your tacos from disintegrating on the car ride home! If individually packaged ingredients mean so much to you, sign up for a meal-kit service! Just don’t do this again, and don’t go giving thousands of people on the internet the idea that it’s okay to do it, either. We the people at Chipotles everywhere — both in line and working at the restaurants — thank you.
According to Know Your Meme, the Spider-Man Ass Slap, as it’s now known, came to life in the summer of 2015. On August 8, 2015, a Vine user by the name of JoeyD uploaded offscreen smartphone footage of the two Spider-Men groping each other, filmed as someone giggles in the background. By October 30 of that year, “The iconic spiderman ass slap” had nearly 48,000 loops. (JoeyD’s Vine account has since been deleted, so I’m working with an incomplete snapshot provided by the Internet Archive.) A month before JoeyD’s Vine, a YouTube user had edited the Spider-Man slaps into a music clip from the Japanese band Weaver. That’s the earliest instance of the meme I could find — the series of events leading up to the slaps’ emergence online in the middle of 2015 is not clear.
But understanding the mysterious ways of the web has never stopped something from going inexplicably viral before. And like most fodder, Psy-Cloned came from humble beginnings. “In the early 2000s,” Naylor recalled, “it was pretty much that I wanted to make movies. And believe it or not, it was easier to make porn movies than it was to make legitimate movies. Each one was just born out of ‘Hey, I haven’t made this yet’ or ‘I haven’t made that yet.’ I was just coming up with different ideas on how superheroes would get into trouble and get into some sort of compromised position.”
Our unknown hero was spotted on a train from Darlington to London King’s Cross earlier this week by another passenger on the train, David Hill, the Telegraph reports. More specifically, the woman was photographed on “the Virgin East Coast Darlington - London on Tuesday 14:58 in First Class,” Hill said. Do you know anybody who was on that train, at that time? And also, maybe, recently broke their laptop and had an important business deadline to meet? Or perhaps, someone who was on that train, at that time, who was lugging their iMac to an Apple store in London for repairs? I simply must know the origin story here. Please email mkircher@nymag.com with any leads. Or any photos of other people you’ve spotted using oversize electronics on public transportation. Thank you in advance.
To a still-unclear degree, online misinformation and disturbance generated by bots online had some effect on important elections this past year. Legions of Twitter bots helped spread information that bolstered Trump’s position somewhat, and bots also helped try and spread falsified leaks about newly elected French president Emmanuel Macron shortly before his election. Now, new research from USC academic Emilio Ferrara, via Motherboard, indicates some overlap between the two groups (the paper is currently undergoing peer review). In other words, sock puppets that were put to use helping Trump went dark for a bit, and then reemerged to try and hurt Macron’s chances.
While much of the report is focused on how the bots failed to manipulate the French election, one bullet point stands out.
Before we go any further it’s worth reiterating what is included in the bullet point, particularly the word “anomalous usage patterns” to indicate that this is not a widespread trend. But the smaller subset of bots committed to both pro-Trump and anti-Macron campaigns does raise the question of sock puppets as industry — whole botnets that wake up and go dormant as election cycles deem necessary, possibly for rent to whoever needs them at any point in time. It’s not out of the realm of possibility, although the effectiveness of such tactics is heavily debated and highly suspect. Even if it is just one person or group, it shows that they have the ability to significantly and easily scale their reach around the globe.
Marc Canter, tech entrepreneur and co-founder of Macromedia, says he’s sorry. Or, at least, now that he’s been called out by women of Silicon Valley on Twitter and in the New York Times, he’s saying he’s sorry. Last week, the Times published a piece highlighting several stories from women in the tech space who allegedly have been harassed and discriminated against by their male peers. Canter was among those named, prompting him to publish an apology letter on Medium earlier this week. (His apology follows a similar note from VC and former Shark Tank star Chris Sacca, who was also called out by the Times.)
Back in 2014, Wendy Dent was starting her company, Cinemmerse, when Canter entered the picture and offered to help her find a co-founder. Dent told the Times her communication with Canter became increasingly sexual and uncomfortable. “Know what I’m thinking? Why am I sending you this — in private?” Canter wrote in one message to Dent, in reference to her outfit. In another, he called her a “sorceress casting a spell.” Canter, for his part, told the Times that Dent “came on strong to me, asking for help,” and that he only sent sexualized messages in an attempt to get her to leave him alone. In his apology note, Canter characterizes this behavior as “using a sexual innuendo to end our relationship.”
Dent’s story prompted danah boyd, a principal researcher at Microsoft Research who also teaches at NYU, to tweet about her own experiences with Canter. On Twitter, boyd said Canter had asked her to have a threesome with him multiple times early on in her career.
“At the time, I was young and I was genuinely scared of him; I spent a lot of time and emotional energy avoiding him, and struggled with how to navigate him at various conferences. I wasn’t the only one who faced his lewd comments, often framed as being sex-positive even when they were an abuse of power,” boyd wrote in her own post on Medium, which she published prior to Canter’s post. “My guess is that Marc has no idea how many women he’s made feel uncomfortable, ashamed, and scared. The question is whether or not he will admit that to himself, let alone to others.” At the end of her post, boyd lays out four categories — Recognition, Repentance, Respect, and Reparation — explaining the sorts of behavior and actions she’d like to see from men in tech going forward.
Canter used these four categories to wrap up his own apology, after saying he now realizes that asking boyd for a threesome was “stupid and wrong,” and that he “NEVER intended to make danah feel uncomfortable, ashamed, and scared.” (Which, man, how did you think it would make her feel? Wanted? Sexy? Like your equal?)
His four R bullet points are fine — helping more female-run start-ups, hiring more female engineers and board members — but it’s hard to take them seriously given the tone of Canter’s entire letter. “I realize the impression of my statement are being misconstrued and being blown WAY out of proportion, but that doesn’t matter,” Canter writes early in the apology. “If she [Wendy Dent] didn’t like it and the NYTimes thought it was important enough to report — then I’ll deal with it.” Even as he’s apologizing for his egregious behavior toward women, he’s still pointing his finger at one. As though the rest of us who read Dent’s story had zero qualms with his actions, and only the Times and Wendy Dent found them unacceptable.
We, the bloggers of Select All, have a question. Can Vice-President Mike “I Call My Wife ‘Mother’ and Shall Not Dine Alone With Any Other Women But Her” Pence read? Has he somehow assumed the second-highest office in the land without the ability to comprehend the written word? New photographic evidence from Pence’s visit to NASA’s Kennedy Space Center on Thursday has us suspicious. During the visit, Pence placed his hand on a piece of NASA equipment in the Orion clean room, completely ignoring the “Critical Space Flight Hardware: DO NOT TOUCH” sign attached to it.
So … can Mike Pence read? The jury is still out. But I hope you can, because the tweets are very good.
For a brief period — from 2010 to 2012 or so — the Jawbone Jambox was everywhere. It wasn’t the first battery-powered Bluetooth speaker, but it was the first to break through to the mass market. Stylish and with just enough sound quality to make for good outdoor listening, it quickly took off. I was living in San Francisco at the time, and sunny days at Dolores Park suddenly became bubbles of competing Jamboxes, the distinctive Lego-like speakers pumping Beach House or Wiz Khalifa (ah, 2011).
Jawbone, however, had its sights set on bigger things. Even in 2011, the company was determined to get into what, at the time, seemed like a burgeoning market: fitness tracking and wearables. That would ultimately prove to be its undoing; its fitness trackers never sold especially well, and the company it most directly competed with, Fitbit, is itself facing financial difficulties.
The rise of the Jambox hit perfectly with the confluence of two things: nearly everyone owning a smartphone with a Bluetooth antenna and the rise of streaming music. Smartphones meant that anyone could DJ. Spotify’s migration from Sweden to the U.S. in mid-2011 meant that everyone now carried a huge library of music with them at all times. And the Jambox, a product that would have been, at best, a pricey novelty, suddenly became ubiquitous.
Meanwhile, one of the few American companies able to make both great hardware and software, Apple, swooped in with a Watch that further squeezed the market. According to the Information, Jawbone, once valued at $3 billion, already filed papers to declare insolvency, with its CEO and remaining staff shifting over to a new company, Jawbone Health. Its CEO seems determined to carry on the fight for health trackers there, but the outlook remains grim for the market. (I imagine there are a lot of résumés being updated even as people change their email signature to Jawbone Health.)
Even if Jawbone had stayed strictly in its lane and produced Bluetooth speakers, it would have faced a tough road. The Jambox was easy to imitate, and cheaper (and eventually better-sounding) versions soon flooded the market. The wireless Bluetooth speaker isn’t dead — my inbox gets hits daily with news of another company that has a Bluetooth speaker that can float, or is solar powered, or doubles as a purse. But the companies that dominate the market now are either audio manufacturers with long experience and supply chains, like Bose and JBL, or Chinese upstarts that can be aggressive on price. Jawbone was likely always going to get squeezed out. Its choice to chase after fitness trackers only hastened its demise.
While everybody and their very concerned mother has been busy fretting over Snapchat’s new mapping feature — it’s great, I swear! — Snapchat quietly rolled out something even better: an augmented-reality hot-dog filter. “A whaaaat?” you and your very concerned mother may be asking. Yes: It’s a dancing, animated hot dog that you can add to photos and videos using the front-facing camera in Snapchat. To access it, open the camera in the app and tap once anywhere on the screen. You’ll see a number of filters, the same as you would if you were going to put a flower crown on your selfie; scroll right until you find the hot dog. You can resize the wiener by pinching it with two fingers, as you would with an emoji or text. Once you’ve sized it to your liking, watch the dog dance. It’s absolutely joyous.
Perhaps the best part of the hot dog is that, like stickers and text in Snapchat videos, you can affix the little dude to anything in your clip and it’ll move with it. Like this perfectly timed, ill-fated shopping-trip video.
It’s a hot dog. That break-dances. What is not to love?
The ongoing lawsuit between Alphabet’s Waymo and Uber over the alleged theft of trade secrets by engineer Anthony Levandowski took a turn today. As first reported by Bloomberg, Waymo is dropping three out of the four accusations of patent infringement against Uber.
There are a few unanswered questions about the very good hot dog, though. On Reddit, users are frantically trying to figure out which techno-pop tune the sausage dances to. Meanwhile, I would like to know why there is so much relish — which frankly looks like a layer of lettuce — as compared to ketchup and mustard atop the dog. The ratio here is way off. Also, does the hot dog have a name? An origin story? Strangely, Snapchat did not respond to Select All’s inquiries about these very pressing matters.
As with all things Snapchat, we don’t know when or if the hot-dog filter will leave our phones. It could be gone in five minutes or five days. Enjoy it while it lasts.
In a statement, Uber said this was proof that Waymo’s case was spurious:
It should be noted that patent infringement isn’t the key focus of this lawsuit, but rather trade secrets that Anthony Levandowski allegedly stole from Waymo. In early June, Judge William Alsup strongly advised Waymo to consider dropping its patent claims altogether.
Waymo, meanwhile, said it withdrew the three patents because they were used in LiDAR technology Uber had abandoned. (LiDAR, a type of radar that uses lasers to provide a 360-degree view of what’s happening around a self-driving car, is a key component in both Uber and Waymo’s autonomous vehicles.) Waymo maintains that by narrowing its case down to just one piece of patent infringement, it is actually strengthening its case:
The case, set for trial in October, will likely hinge on how much Uber knew about Levandowski’s alleged theft of trade secrets. Uber, which fired Levandowski in late May, acquired the autonomous trucking firm Otto that Levandowski had founded after leaving Waymo, but maintains it did not know he allegedly downloaded a trove of data files from Waymo servers shortly before his departure. Levandowski, meanwhile, has repeatedly pled the fifth throughout the lawsuit, and may face criminal charges down the line.
Now nearing three (!) years old, the Amazon Echo still feels futuristic, even though it’s become as familiar a part of my daily routine as my coffee maker. Just today, I asked Alexa to play music, got a weather forecast since it seemed like it may rain, listened to the morning news on WNYC, set a timer to remind me to grab something out of the oven, and ordered a door-stopper paperback novel in preparation for some time by a lake next month.
Still, it remains relatively pricey, at $180 for a new unit — especially considering that I mainly just use it as a speaker that will play Spotify, but also let me bug it with random questions. But with Prime Day approaching, Amazon — for the first time since it released the Echo — has dropped the price down into double digits. For just $90, you can pick up a certified refurbished Echo.
Even if you’ve already picked up an Echo for yourself, they make for surprisingly good gifts across a pretty broad range of people. During a recent deep discount (sadly, not quite as deep as this one), I decided to get one for my jazz-loving dad for Father’s Day. It’s been a quick hit in the house in a way that past gadget gifts haven’t. I’ve already received multiple text messages and phone calls of appreciation, as he and my mom figure out new stuff to do with it.
I’ve yet to be burned by Amazon’s certified refurbished program on its own devices. I haven’t used it for an Echo, but I got my last two Kindles from the program, and both were indistinguishable (to my eyes) from brand-new items — expect I paid a bunch less for both.
The Echo is like that. It’s one of those products that can feel a bit silly to describe: “It lets me check the weather without, um, looking at my phone or out the window?” But once you’ve used it for a few days, pulling out your phone to set a timer or put on a playlist feels as old-fashioned as getting the magnetic tape back in a cassette with a pencil and some luck. You just don’t need to do that anymore.
Attention, please: Eye-rolling 101 is officially in session. Your teacher today is none other than German chancellor Angela Merkel, who appears to have the ocular move down pat. Chancellor Merkel demonstrated her skills today while speaking with Russian president Vladimir Putin during the G20 summit in Hamburg.
It’s unclear exactly what the two world leaders were discussing, which means we can’t know for certain what Merkel meant by her eye-roll. Perhaps she’d had enough of whatever Putin was yapping about and sent her eyes skyward in hopes of shutting him up. (“Okay, Angela: So a priest, a rabbi, and a duck walk into a bar …”) Or, maybe, it was an emphatic agreement with something the Russian had just said. (“The coffee at this shindig is terrible this year!”) Either way, takes notes on her form — the brow raise, the chin lift, the slight gulp at the end — and study up. If you’re going to roll your eyes, this is the way to do it.
Elon Musk has been talking a big game about the Tesla Model 3 for nearly a year now. Last July, the founder and CEO described the as-yet-unreleased car, which starts at $35,000, as the company’s cheapest vehicle in his “master plan” for Tesla. “The first Model 3 factory machine should be thought of as version 0.5, with version 1.0 probably in 2018,” Musk wrote. Early Monday morning, Musk tweeted two photos of the first Model 3 unit.
Musk himself is the proud owner of the newest Tesla. Venture capitalist Ira Ehrenpreis originally purchased the rights to the first Model 3, but later gave those rights to Musk as a birthday present when he turned 46.
Tesla is expected to ramp up production of the Model 3 over the next year or two, producing 5,000 units of the vehicle per week by the end of 2017, and 10,000 per week by 2018, Fortune reports. Which means Musk’s plan to stock the road with cars that make money for their owners while their owners aren’t in them — the idea is that when you’re not driving your Tesla, another person could summon the car to drive to them, autonomously, and pay you for a ride in your car — is still a ways away.
There’s a new sheriff in internet town. A meme sheriff, if you will. He’s got a cowboy hat, a set of boots, and a body made of emoji. And he means business.
Where did all these sheriffs come from? The first sheriff, who is NSFW if your text is blown up huge on your computer or read aloud, came to town in June, courtesy of “Dicks Out for Harambe” comedian Brandon Wardell.
No matter what, I will always be able to tell my children that I watched Martin Shkreli invade a college meme Facebook group. Though, the truth is, I didn’t even realize it was him.
As with all good and easy-to-replicate memes, it seems the emoji sheriff may already have mounted his tiny cartoon horse and headed out of town. Which is probably for the best anyway, since vigilante-emoji justice doesn’t seem like the best way to police people on the internet.
I would explain the joke, but I’m not sure there’s anything to explain; and as with all slightly incomprehensible jokes on Twitter, it was only a matter of time — roughly a month of slow building until the meme reached its peak last week — before emoji sheriffs were taking over timelines everywhere with emoji guns blazing. (Or squirt guns if you’re a Microsoft user.) Nutrition. Trains. Bees. Ikea. You name it, and there’s probably already a tiny emoji dude in charge of it.
Been looking for an excuse to get a Google Home? Google, trying to get out in front of Amazon’s Prime Day, has cut prices on its three main home streaming devices: The Google Home smart speaker is $99, down from $129, while TV-streamer Google Chromecast and audio-streamer Chromecast Audio are both $25, down from $35.
I’ve been the proud owner of an Amazon Echo Dot for almost a year now. When I bought the thing, I was a skeptic. What the heck would I do with a tiny, ever-listening robot? (Plenty, I’d later learn.) But after listening to a colleague of mine talk, a lot, about how much he loved his Amazon Echo, I decided to take the plunge. While the flagship Echo itself was a bit steep, the Dot — a smaller device that you plug into a speaker you already own — seemed like a cheapish way to dip my toes. Months later, I’d say it was $50 well spent. If you’re Alexa-curious and own your own speaker, the Dot is the perfect way to see if a speaking robot assistant is for you. Here is, in no particular order, a list of things I do on the regular with my Echo Dot.
Heads-up: If you click links and buy things, New York may make a little money off the purchase. That said, we don’t recommend stuff we wouldn’t buy (or haven’t bought) for ourselves.
I like the Chromecast for TV — the ability to mirror whatever you’ve got on your browser window or Android phone really comes in handy. The Chromecast Audio, however, is the really interesting bit here. If you’ve spent some time investing in a good home audio system, the idea of being forced to either use a tinny Bluetooth speaker or hook up your phone via an aux cable to get at a Spotify playlist can be grating. Chromecast Audio (especially used in concert with a Google Home or an Android Home) was already the cheapest and best way to turn any set of speakers into a streaming system. Dropping the price to $25 just makes it sound even sweeter.
The Google Home price drop is probably the most notable. Google has already been aggressive with its pricing on the Home, undercutting the Echo’s list price of $179 by $50 at launch. But dropping it down into double digits should draw a few more eyeballs. Compared to the Echo, the Home has a slightly brighter, crisper sound, and its Google Assistant AI is much, much less likely to get thrown by the odd request than Alexa. Especially for anyone who wants to stay out of the Amazon ecosystem, it’s the best smart speaker on the market right now.
The Amazon Echo Dot has been around for a while now. But if you’re still on the fence and asking yourself, “What would I actually do with this thing?” — and especially if you don’t have $90 to throw around for the Dot’s bigger, pricier sibling — let me help you.
Use it as my own personal DJ.
This was back in April, when Columbia Buy Sell Memes, the unofficial official meme page of Columbia University, was in its prime and — despite only being created a mere five months ago — boasted well over 20,000 members. Shkreli, the infamous pharmaceutical entrepreneur and Wu-Tang auction-winner currently on trial for fraud, published a basic text post that read: “are columbia women better looking than barnard or is the premise of the question disgusting plz discuss.”
Hooked up to my Spotify account, I can ask Alexa to play specific playlists, tracks, and artists. It’s great for moments when you really want to hear that one song, but the thought of getting up and walking over to your phone or computer or iPad is just too much to bear. The nice thing about a robot DJ, as opposed to a human one, is that it doesn’t get mad at you if you ask it to play that same guilty-pleasure Ed Sheeran song 452 times.
I assumed that it was a parody account meant to stir the pot — I mean, surely Shkreli himself had better things to do? As it turns out, no. As the day went on, one post turned into 20; 20 posts turned into a series of livestreamed AMAs; AMAs eventually led to a confusing attempt at a counterrevolution from within the group itself. It had became impossible to ignore the facts: The real Martin Shkreli had invaded a college meme group. And, weirder still, this wasn’t the first time this sort of thing had happened.
It turns out that nearly every elite academic institution in America has a booming Facebook group dedicated solely to the creation and sharing of school-related memes — and Martin Shkreli has somehow invaded almost all of them. Membership figures range from the respectable 30,000 of Harvard Memes for Elitist 1% Tweens, to the almost absurd 102,000 of UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens.
I first got into these groups late last year, when — after receiving countless screenshots of “totally hilarious” posts from Columbia Buy Sell — I caved and sent a join request of my own. That’s when I realized that this seemingly low-key meme-sharing group was actually a fascinatingly complex operation. I became obsessed with the logistics of it — How did this all begin? Who were these 20,000 members? — and started tracing the lineage of the collegiate Facebook meme group back as far as I could, in an attempt to find some answers. But, as I fell deeper and deeper into this (poorly Photoshopped) rabbit hole — which involved groups with names like Princeton Memes for Preppy AF Teens, Yale Memes for Special Snowflake Teens, and Official Unofficial Penn Squirrel Catching Club — the number of questions I had about this secret world of strangely popular, semi-public Facebook groups only grew. Where did they come from? How did they get so popular so quickly? And where the hell did Martin Shkreli fit into all of this?
Set cooking timers.
Sure, I could do this with my phone. Or my microwave. Or I could just estimate. But while making my morning French-press coffee, it’s stupidly easy to just holler, “Alexa set a timer for four minutes,” and wait for the chirp of the timer to let me know when it’s time to plunge the pot.
Unlike most actual memes on the internet, the trend of elite college meme-sharing groups (and Shkreli’s subsequent invasion of them) has a surprisingly easy-to-find beginning. All roads lead back to one group: UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens and its founder, Chris Tril.
Tril, a Berkeley student, created the group back in May of 2016 after growing frustrated with his friends’ lack of understanding when it came to memes. He wanted to create a community where he and other like-minded Cal students could share quality content without having to anonymously navigate through back channels of the internet, like 4chan and Reddit. The group began with just a handful of members — and, for a while, Tril was essentially the only active poster — but within just a few short months, it grew to become one of the largest meme-sharing groups on Facebook.
By 2017, UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens had grown so famous that it began to attract thousands of members from outside the UC bubble. Students from other colleges, like Stanford and UCLA began to flood the group with join requests. Then, one fateful Sunday evening in February (10:37 p.m. on Sunday, the 19th, to be exact), the unthinkable happened: Martin Shkreli joined the group — and then promptly left.
Tril and his team of moderators went into overdrive as they realized the bounty of possible meme opportunities they were missing out on. Pages like UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens thrive on the chaos and drama of online conflict, which attracts more comments, shares, and submissions, and Shkreli was as close to the human embodiment of a meme as one could get. He had already achieved widespread notoriety, and his name alone incited the sort of infighting that drove comment chains into the hundreds. They quickly changed the title of the group to RIP IN PIECE MARTIN SHRKELI (1983–2017) in the hopes that it would prompt him to rejoin. To their delight, it did, and after he was re-added to the group, they decided to capitalize on the absolute absurdity of the situation: They promoted Shkreli to moderator, changed the group’s name to UC Shkreli Memes for Edgy Teens, and sat back to see what would happen.
What followed were the most insane 24 hours in the group’s history, during which Shkreli used his mod powers to completely remake the group in his image. He deleted posts that he thought were lame, and pinned Shkreli-approved content to the top; he gave out his phone number to the thousands of members who participated in the group, and actually accepted the majority of calls they made; and he did a series of AMA-style livestreams where he took questions from commenters, told stories, and even brought out his nunchakus and a guitar (though he refused to play “Wonderwall”).
Today, UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens has over 100,000 members, but it is fair to say that the Shkreli Incident was one of the group’s catalyzing moments. The news of his reign caused a huge membership spike, and it is this impressive level of growth and fame that spawned the birth of nearly every other large collegiate meme group on the market today. (University of Pennsylvania’s Official Unofficial Penn Squirrel Catching Club is the sole page that can’t trace its lineage back to Tril’s group, as it was actually started three months earlier by then-sophomore Anton Relin, but the group didn’t gain a sizable following until after the Great Collegiate Meme Rush of Late 2016, so it can’t be considered the true founder of the movement.)
Ask it incredibly stupid questions.
A veritable font of decently reliable knowledge. Save yourself the time it would take to type, “How tall is Cate Blanchett,” and just ask your Echo Dot for the answer. (She’s five-nine.)
However, shedding some well-needed light on the origins of the elite collegiate meme craze does not fully explain the bizarre nature of these groups’ sustained popularity. Why do so many students flock to these dedicated groups to share such oddly specific memes publicly when more well-established platforms like Tumblr, Twitter, or Reddit exist? Why haven’t supergroups like UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens died out over the past year — or at least stopped growing — like every other thing on the internet eventually does?
I reached out to a number of the admins and moderators of some of the most popular collegiate meme groups to see if they had any insights. And to be honest, I wasn’t expecting much — clear logic and memes don’t exactly go together — but, surprisingly, nearly every response I got mentioned a similar trend.
“My friends and I always say that memes come from a place of stress and anxiety,” said Ephraim Sutherland, co-founder of Yale Memes for Special Snowflake Teens. “There’s definitely the tropes in college, especially at Yale, that everyone — even if it’s not true — complains about their GPA, struggling in classes, and getting too little sleep.”
“Well, of course, the more relatable [your meme] is, the more successful it is — that’s true for all of the pages,” said self-declared memelord of Columbia Buy Sell Memes, Rafael Ortiz. “In schools like Columbia, the ones that do the best are definitely memes about sadness or stress.”
Wake up with Alexa as your alarm clock.
“We do have a large issue with mental health at our university,” said Relin, the founder of Official Unofficial Penn Squirrel Catching Club. “And I’ve found that people actually like to use the page as a way to comment on [it] and a wide range of other issues.”
While this penchant for memes that come from an obvious place of depression and anxiety could easily be dismissed as being mere jokes, or overexaggerations — especially in rigorous institutions like those in the Ivy League — it’s worth noting their likely connection to recent events: Within the last academic year alone, Columbia University was rocked by a disturbing wave of suicides, and mental-health-related issues have been on the rise for college students nationwide.
Inside these hyperpressurized, rigorous academic environments, students often lack an outlet through which they can channel their stresses. And while the idea of collegiate Facebook meme groups (of all things) filling this void may seem a bit ridiculous, in practice, they’ve actually become surprisingly fitting platforms for discourse.
If you’re like me, your cellphone also doubles as an alarm clock. But, if you’re also like me and fried your phone after getting stuck in a downpour in June, you recently found yourself without a way to wake up in the morning. Echo Dot to the rescue.
“Before the page, I had never seen anyone get together and talk about these issues,” Tril of UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens recalled. “Now, I feel like people aren’t afraid to talk about them out in the open. I like that the page gets the conversation going, as I don’t think it would have even started without it.”
The fact that these types of important conversations are taking place through the posting of memes — a comically named, online cultural fad — doesn’t matter. For the young adults who frequent these platforms, memes aren’t merely a niche, sometimes-funny by-product of the cultural whirlwind that is the internet, but rather, a legitimate, respected mode of communication that these students are using to talk about difficult subjects.
Check the weather so you don’t get stuck outside without an umbrella.
And interestingly enough, when making these sorts of posts, people aren’t hiding behind usernames and throwaway accounts, they’re actively tying their name (and their Facebook page) to this surprisingly intimate form of expression and shoving it into the faces of 30,000 of their closest peers. The startling lack of anonymity found here runs contrary to the very conditions that the form of expression was created under. For essentially all of meme history, the posting and sharing experience has been an unabashedly impersonal one. On sites like Tumblr and Reddit, the identities of posters and commenters alike are hidden behind the veil of usernames, and on 4chan, there isn’t even that — users are instead assigned a random string of numbers to distinguish one post from another, and there’s no archive of data to look back on.
Spare yourself the daily Google and just ask Alexa what the temperature spread looks like for the day on the way to your closet to get dressed in the morning.
This was all meant to be equalizing — a way to liberate content from the uncomfortable weight of titles and identity — but it has also been neutralizing. When we think and talk about online activities, like posting memes, there’s this tendency to construct some distinction between the “real” and the “virtual” self — to think of digital actions as disembodied in one way or another — yet this could not be more wrong, as the social situations users find themselves in online are, in many ways, just as real and valid as those offline.
By eschewing anonymity, members of supergroups like UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens prove their innate understanding of this false assumption. To borrow a quote from Bane: While others may have merely adopted the meme, this generation of students was born in it — molded by it. Memes and the internet culture from which they spawn have been present in these young adults’ lives for the majority of their formative years — and it shows. The distinction between the on- and offline self has disappeared, and in its place rests a refreshingly authentic reclamation of personhood.
However, this carries with it its own complications. The Harvard Memes for Horny Bourgeois Teens debacle — which resulted in ten pre-frosh students losing their admissions offers after posting some extremely distasteful memes — is only the most recent example of the real-world consequences of losing this distinction. Introducing accountability is difficult — especially in a sphere that had previously been defined by the opposite. Yet, the longevity of these groups and their ever-growing popularity seem to suggest it’s more than possible.
It’s hard to not see this as progress. If this tendency toward a more holistic form of online expression — one that publicly displays our worst digital habits alongside our best — spreads outside the confines of these seemingly irrelevant groups, a new system of behavior could arise: one where users everywhere consider their online actions to be just as meaningful and reflective of their character as their physical ones. Yes, most people would probably end up Milkshake Ducking themselves. (We are all, more or less, terrible, shitty people online.) But eventually, (hopefully) people would learn the same lesson that the students of these collegiate meme groups did: If you don’t want to be thought of as a shitty person, stop doing — and sharing — shitty things.
As for Shkreli, he seems to be doing more than all right in this new world. His popularity in Columbia Buy Sell Memes led him to temporarily rent out a burger joint on campus (which — according to those who attended — was quite popping). And his presence in groups nationwide only continues to grow. As strange as it sounds, I find it kind of comforting to see Shkreli’s face pop up from time to time — just another face in the sea of competing posters. Although, he’s probably more than a little preoccupied at the moment … It turns out, not even memes can get out of their day in court.
There’s also an ever-growing list of other things you can do — largely ordering stuff, from Ubers to pizzas — with your Echo Dot, but I’m a just-the-basics type of user, and for its price, the Echo Dot remains the cheapest way to get a surprisingly good robot into your house. Just think, if you’ve already bought one, you could use it to order another.
If you need a good TV at a great price — or just an excuse to buy a TV — Amazon is selling a 55-inch Element Amazon Fire TV with 4K and HDR for just $400, down from $650, for Prime Day. (The price kicks in at 6 p.m. PT / 9 p.m. ET tonight, and will be good for as long as supplies last.) I got a chance to see the screen up close recently, and it looks very sharp. Its 4K resolution is nice — especially since Amazon and Netflix have started streaming their original content in 4K by default.
That said, it’s the set’s HDR that should make you take notice. HDR allows for your TV to display really bright colors and really dark colors on the same screen at the same time. This means virtually any TV show or movie with a night scene, or a scene shot in bright daylight with shadows, will suddenly look much, much better — dark scenes are no longer a smudgy blur, and day scenes get an extra dose of vividness. And if you’ve laid out for a PS4 Pro or Xbox One S, the difference is even more apparent — games benefit from the boost in contrast even more than movies, if only because you actually need to react to what’s happening onscreen.
But really, this is a straight value proposition. There are simply no other TVs of this quality selling for $400. If you’ve been looking to make the jump to 4K and HDR, this is the Prime Day deal to get.
Amazon Fire TV’s interface is a pleasure to use — it’s especially good at remembering what TV shows you’re bingeing, and its movie and TV-show recommendations are on par with what Netflix manages. (It also offers, at this point, a wider selection of movies and TV shows than Netflix, though a fair amount of that you’ll need to rent or purchase from Amazon itself.) It also allows you to bring in every other streaming service out there, from Netflix to Sling TV to HBO Now, quickly and easily. You can voice-search via Alexa — or, if you’re set up to do so, dim your TV-room lights and order some Seamless. (And, no, unlike the Amazon Echo and some smart TVs in the past, this TV won’t be passively recording you when you’re not using the voice-search.)
The rest of Amazon’s suite of smart devices, including the Echo Show, which usually retails for $230, will also be discounted for Prime Day. Just think, if you’ve already bought one, you could use it to order another, on sale, starting tonight.
Sharing E Umbrella, a Chinese umbrella-share start-up, has only been in operation for a few weeks. Which was apparently all the time it needed to discover that umbrellas are not bikes. Not in the only one of these will keep you dry sense, but rather in the people are a lot more likely to steal an umbrella than a bike sense. Almost all of the 300,000 umbrellas the company released in 11 cities across China have already been stolen, Shanghaiist reports.
The company’s business model — which clearly needs some tweaking — works like this: Users reserve umbrellas on their phones via an app. There’s a $2.80 deposit on the umbrella and each half-hour costs 7 cents. Users can pick up and drop off the umbrellas at designated spots, like bus stops. Or they can pick them up and then never return them, which costs Sharing E Umbrella roughly $9 per unit.
As Twitter continues to contend with its not-insignificant “Nazi issue” (the issue is that Nazis are on Twitter), it’s rolling out even more granular ways to filter what users can and can’t see, in order to preemptively head off harassment.
Now, users can also turn off push notifications from accounts that don’t follow them — a helpful inverse, possibly more helpful than muting those accounts a user doesn’t follow. They can also turn off notifications from accounts specified as “new,” though Twitter has not specified what the threshold for that will be.
The changes contribute to Twitter’s anti-harassment approach, known informally as hellbanning — muting someone without their knowledge. On message boards, it’s an effective tactic against trolls, who feed off of getting an angry reaction. Whether it’ll get racists and misogynists to pack up and go home remains to be seen.
The newest additions to this are two conditions that filter based on account age and follow status. Previously, users could choose to ignore notifications from accounts that they didn’t follow, as well as “egg” accounts, which are identified by a lack of profile picture, and possibly an unverified email address or phone number connected to the account — telltale signs of a burner account.
Still, the company isn’t letting its losses rain (sorry) on its parade. Sharing E Umbrella plans to ship another 30 million umbrellas by the end of the year, Shanghaiist also reports. Because doing the same thing over again and expecting vastly different results usually works out well.
If you follow even a handful of popular accounts on Twitter, you might have seen some variation of this tweet about Rihanna on a Jet Ski over the weekend.
It’s a great tweet! Just a very good joke. The “omw/on my way!” riff has been around for years, an infamous autocorrect second only to “ducking.” An “omw” is a chill, blasé message, but “on my way!” with its peppy exclamation point means something completely different and potentially even menacing.
Here are some other tweets on the subject (it’s a particularly popular format among the meme-stealing accounts with millions of followers).
Getting rid of the autocorrect problem is as simple as deleting the shortcut. On macOS, it’s under your computer’s keyboard settings. On iOS, head to Settings > General > Keyboard. You’re welcome.
The root of the problem comes from Apple’s operating systems, which offer a little-advertised but very helpful text-shortcut function. Setting up a text shortcut will automatically replace a shorter snippet with whatever you want (for example, I have it set up to replace “:shrug” with “¯\_(ツ)_/¯”). A fresh install of macOS or iOS contains precisely one text shortcut as an example: You guessed it, the one that replaces “omw” with “on my way!”
With this philosophy in mind — the only two functions that a tablet needs to perform — I can definitely recommend Amazon’s line of dirt-cheap tablets. The Kindle Fire HD 7 and 8 tablets are just $50 and $80, respectively.
But at prices that are something like 10 percent of an iPad’s price tag, these things get the job done more than adequately. The HD 8’s resolution might not be a crisp 1080p, but unless you’re a real stickler for video quality, you won’t really care — I don’t. And there are plenty of video-streaming options to choose from. In addition to Prime Video, which is baked right into the software, Amazon’s App Store has Netflix, Hulu, and HBO Go, among others. Plus, if you’re more technically savvy, you can sideload most any other APK you can get your hands on.
There are, in my opinion, precisely two things that a tablet computer is good for: watching stuff and reading stuff. That’s it. Interactive functions, like typing and web browsing, are often a chore — cumbersome activities that require you to cradle the tablet in one arm or balance it on your lap (or lug around Bluetooth accessories, defeating the entire purpose of the device).
Let me state upfront that these devices aren’t quite the best in their class. They run a custom version of Android made by Amazon that puts Jeff Bezos’s online bazaar front and center. The tablets are cheap because they are a portal to Amazon’s ecosystem. Likewise, the tech specs won’t knock your socks off: The HD 8 has a resolution of just 1280 by 800 pixels, and the HD 7 is 1024 by 600, and the processors aren’t exactly top-of-the-line. This isn’t a machine for playing complex video games. Likewise, the device’s cameras are next to useless.
For much of the product category’s lifetime, tablets have always been an odd value proposition. Their screen size makes them much better leisure devices than a smartphone, but their form factor makes them, in most ways, much less functional than personal computers. You can’t tuck them into your pocket (unless you’re wearing JNCOs), and they can’t quite stand in for laptops yet. In short, tablets can now do many things, but there are few things that they can do particularly well, and definitely not better than a phone or computer.
The Kindle Fire line is great for people who are ready to admit that a tablet doesn’t need to do everything — it just needs to let you watch stuff and read stuff. If that’s all you need out of a tablet, the Fire line is a no-brainer.
Aside from video, my HD 8 is a great device for reading comic books, e-books and longform articles I save to Pocket. The screen resolution isn’t going to give you the crispness of a retina display, but it’ll get you close enough for a fraction of the price. (This seems like a good time to lament the death of the Kindle Fire HDX, Amazon’s model with a higher-end screen that was put out to pasture.)
Amazon’s Prime Day sale is officially open for business — Prime members can head over to Amazon and snap up items, some of them on deep discount. After looking through hundreds of deals, here are twelve gadgets worth adding to your cart.
We’ve written extensively about our affection for this weird little cylinder. Amazon basically invented a whole new category of device whole cloth with the Echo, and while it seems goofy from the outside, you’ll quickly find yourself using it over and over while at home. And this is by far the cheapest an Echo has ever been on sale for. If you’re a Prime member, have $90 in disposable income, and don’t have an Echo, you should buy this.
Or, if you want to try out Alexa for a bit less cash, try the Dot. You’ll need to hook it up to a speaker, but it’ll add Alexa capabilities to anything you’ve got. Alternatively, if you’ve already got an Echo and are lucky enough to have an apartment or house big enough that you can’t shout at Alexa from anywhere and have it respond, the Dot is an easy way to extend the range of the base station — especially useful for anyone doing the smart-home thing.
Finally, there’s the middle ground of the Tap. Fully wireless, this is basically an Echo that doesn’t sound quite as nice, but you can move it around the house with you (or, if you don’t mind losing Alexa, take it outside like you would any Bluetooth speaker). My main complaint has been that the Tap is perhaps a little pricey for a wireless Bluetooth speaker with Alexa inside. That complaint goes away at $80.
These wireless headphones have, as you may have guessed, a lot of bass. I spent some time with a pair while reviewing a lot of different wireless headphones, and came away impressed with both the build quality and the overall sound. The nice touch here is the app, which allows you to fine-tune the EQ on the headphones — you can adjust just how much extra bass you want. Normally $198, these are a steal at $98.
I recently upgraded my second monitor at work (I’m looking at it right now — hi!), and it’s made a huge difference. As luck would have it, it’s this exact monitor, normally $370 and now available for $280. I spend a lot of time working primarily off a laptop screen, and suddenly having a lot of screen real estate to move around is, in itself, a joy. The monitor itself performs like a champ; it would make a solid monitor on a gaming PC. A great price for a very good monitor.
Look: Nobody is ever going to accuse the Fire 7 tablet of being the best tablet out there. But does it really need to be? As my colleague Brian Feldman writes: “There are, in my opinion, precisely two things that a tablet computer is good for: watching stuff and reading stuff.” And if that’s all you want to do, the Fire 7 has you covered. You can watch movies, read articles, and tap away — for just 30 bucks. Hard to beat.
This is still the best e-reader Amazon has put out. The more premium Kindle Oasis and Kindle Voyage look very nice, but the Paperwhite — especially for under $100 — remains my favorite. Text is crisp even in bright daylight, while the adjustable backlight means I can read comfortably in the dark. The battery lasts for what feels like an absurdly long time; I charge it about once a month for a few hours and that’s it. And the basic premise of e-readers — carrying around what would be thousands of pounds of print in my bag at all times — makes it one of the few indispensable gadgets I own.
There are basically three things I don’t want to lose and am constantly misplacing: my phone, my keys, and my wallet. Tile Slims (about the size of two credit cards) takes care of two of these. Attach one to my key chain, and slip the other in my wallet, and I can use my phone to make one (or both) sound off an alarm as long as they’re in range of Bluetooth. If I can’t find my phone, I double tap the Tile on my key chain or in my wallet to make my phone ring. If I can’t find any of the three, I’m having bigger problems than a gadget can solve.
The Moto G5 Plus, normally $230, is not going to blow anyone away who’s interested in top-of-the-line smartphone specs. But it is an extremely solid cell phone with a clean install of Android, no bloatware, and enough battery to make it through a full work day plus an evening out. If you wanna hop off the endless flagship-phone upgrade cycle, you’ll be hard pressed to find a better budget phone than the G5 Plus, especially for under $200.
With the seventh season premiering this Sunday, you can catch up with the entire series on Blu-ray and Dolby Atmos for $70 (normally this would run you about $130). If you’re not a stickler for quality, the set also comes with a code allowing you to watch them digitally. If you haven’t watched a single episode, you’ve got about 60 hours of television to watch by Sunday. Unfortunately, there are no Prime Day deals on modafinil.
The winner of this generation of consoles has pretty much been decided, and Sony has taken it. It’s got better exclusives, better indies, and a bigger community of people playing online. If you’ve been waiting to jump in, this bundle at $230 (normally $265) is where you should get on. It comes with two of the highlights of the PS4 so far: Uncharted 4 and The Last of Us Remastered. That it comes with a subscription to Comixology Unlimited, which gives you digital access to pretty much every comic book publisher except for DC, is a nice bonus.
If you’re looking for a budget TV, look no further. This Roku set may not have 4K imagery, but for the price of a nice dinner for two, it’s a lot of a TV. Perfect for a dorm room, guest room, or just for anyone who wants to be able to watch Netflix without shelling out a ton of cash, and I particularly like the built-in Roku integration, still my favorite streaming TV platform.
If I didn’t already have a Kindle Paperwhite, I’d be seriously looking at this Prime Day deal for a Kindle Paperwhite for $90 — normally $120.
I’m taking some vacation time in August, and I plan to leave most of my electronic crap behind. That said, I’m still bringing my Kindle Paperwhite. I may end up reading whichever random paperbacks are at the cabin we’re staying at, but it’ll be nice to have a couple of backup novels just in case.
A lot like Netflix, it’s a matter of judging how you’re gonna use it and how much the selection appeals to you to determine whether it’s worth it. Take a second and look around the Kindle Unlimited selection. You’re not going to find much that makes it into The New York Times Book Review. It leans heavily on genre fiction, and most of that is either relatively unknown authors or back-catalogue stuff.
While you’re looking, you may also want to look at the Prime Day discount on Kindle Unlimited, Amazon’s attempt to basically set up a Netflix for books. You pay a subscription (normally $9.99 a month) and get access to as many books as you can possibly read. Amazon is offering up deep discounts to people willing to take the plunge on longer memberships — up to 40 percent off if you sign up for a full two years.
Not that I’m judging! Most of the books I read have titles like The Storms of Xulia or The Theta Paradox and have dragons or spaceships on the cover (or, in the really good books, both). One of the great pleasures of the Kindle is reading this type of stuff in public with no one being able to tell if you’re reading The Dragonriders of Pern or A Remembrance of Things Past.
With or without a Kindle Unlimited subscription, a Paperwhite for $90 is going to make your vacation a little better.
While Amazon has higher-end Kindles for sale, I think the Paperwhite is right in the sweet spot — the Kindle Oasis and Voyage offer up slightly sharper screens, slightly longer battery life, but I don’t think either is worth the extra cash. Until Amazon releases a waterproof Kindle, the Paperwhite does everything these pricier models do just fine.
If you’ve been online, which, if you’re reading this, you have, chances are good that you’ve been harassed. Forty-one percent of American people online have been the victim of some kind of internet harassment, according to a new study from the Pew Research Center. That’s up from the last time this study was conducted in 2014. An even bigger group, up to 66 percent, have watched other people be harassed online. (Ever read a nasty Facebook comment about somebody? Seen an attacking tweet? Clicked through Rob Kardashian’s Instagram account before the platform deleted the revenge-porn photos he’d posted of Blac Chyna? You’ve seen somebody getting harassed.) Broken down further, the study found that one out of every five people have been victimized to a serious extent, including “physical threats, harassment over a sustained period, sexual harassment or stalking.” (Pew’s lesser forms of harassment include name-calling and anything intended to embarrass someone online.)
Surprisingly, men are more likely than women to be harassed, with 44 percent of men to 37 percent of women reporting having been attacked online. (Pew’s study operates on a gender binary and does not offer data on anyone who identifies as neither male nor female.) But while men might be experiencing harassment on a slightly more regular basis, the study found that women, particularly young women, tend to be more concerned about it, and that the harassment they face is often more sexual in nature than that faced by their male counterparts. “Broadly speaking, women are more likely than men (by a 70 percent to 54 percent margin) to say that people being harassed or bullied online is a major problem,” Pew reports. And twice as many women as men (35 percent to 16 percent) reported their most recent harassment experience as being “extremely upsetting or very upsetting.” If you’ve ever had the unpleasant experience of opening a DM to find a picture of somebody’s dick, that you didn’t ask for — half of women between the ages of 18 and 29 reported being sent unwanted explicit content — you know the feeling.
So what are the platforms where this harassment is happening, and the people watching it happen, supposed to do. Well, it depends on who you ask. Over 60 percent of all men — and just over 75 percent of men between the ages of 18 and 29 — believe that people take offensive web content too seriously. While half of women believe the opposite, that it isn’t taken seriously enough. Men are more likely to argue for free speech online, while more women reported that feeling “safe and welcome” was of greater importance. A third of women, as compared to a quarter of men, believe stronger laws are the best way to curb these issues. While men are more likely than women to believe the onus is on companies — Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Reddit — to build tools to curb harassment. And those companies, while constantly trying to straddle the line between freedom of speech and creating relatively safe spaces, are trying. (Twitter rolled out some new filter tools yesterday aimed at helping users avoid unwanted interactions.) But given the number of people, mostly men, who think we’re all freaking out too much about offensive online content, it’s hard to see how effective those tools can actually be.
This morning, in what appears to have been an attempt to preempt an incriminating story about a series of emails between himself and a Kremlin-associated music publicist, Donald Trump Jr. decided to tweet. Specifically, he decided to tweet the exact damning emails that showed him arranging a meeting after being promised information supplied by the Russian government. To this point, these emails are the most explicit evidence of cooperation between the Trump campaign and Russian nationals. And Donald Trump Jr. tweeted them out.
This was a slightly distressing development for reporters like Jared Yates Sexton, who had spent a year reporting on the existence and contents of these emails:
Well. As internet commenters used to say, “First!”
Trump Jr., on the other hand, is using Twitter to directly compete with the media. He just tweeted out what is a Pulitzer Prize–winning scoop! Granted, one that might put him in jail. But you can understand why Sexton might be freaking out. From a broader perspective, social media is making it easier for celebrities to speak directly to their small, rabid fan base, rather than going through the more scrutinizing press — even if that means shooting yourself in the foot, rather than letting someone else pull the trigger. Anyway, that’s the media industry now.
The Trump patriarch has long crowed about using social media to do an end run around the press. (‘‘It’s my voice,’’ he told the Times’ Mark Leibovich.) But this is an end run unlike any they’ve ever done before. Usually, Trump’s tweets are more a way to bypass his own communications staffers than the media — he needs outlets like cable-news shows to pick up what they write on social media and spread it across the airwaves.
Watermelons, if you think about them, might just be the most viral fruit around. There was the one that exploded under the stress of a zillion rubber bands while we all watched like big dummies with nothing better to do. The infamous “skinned” watermelon. That poor, poor melon that some misguided chef-man coated in taco seasoning in a Twitter video. Today, we anoint another to the pantheon of internet-famous watermelons. Select All is proud to introduce Watermelon Bae. (Or Melon Mama, as she’s known on Twitter. Jury is still out on the name.) Please watch, with a combination of awe and fear, as Watermelon Bae slices and dices at an alarming pace.
In real life, Watermelon Bae is Christine Ward. “We’re gonna have sooooo much fun on my different tips and tricks,” she explained in her most recent Instagram, announcing the launch of her new YouTube channel. “Comment below on what you would like to see.” “Just cut more watermelon because that was awesome,” somebody replied. We’re in agreement.
After months and months of hovering my mouse cursor over the “Add to Cart” button, I finally bit the bullet and ordered a sous-vide circulator on Amazon today. Fantastic. I am very much looking forward to the tender meats and soft-boiled eggs that this device will help me cook, as well as to the malicious botnet that the sous-vide cooker will join shortly after I turn it on.
Because I didn’t just buy a sous-vide circulator, I also bought what could very likely turn into a new zombie member of a botnet nobody knows about yet. (A botnet, to refresh your memory, is a group of many disparate internet-enabled computers whose security has been remotely compromised, enabling hackers to network them together and use their combined power for nefarious purposes.)
This is how my brain works now — if something can connect to my router and it’s not running software made by a major tech company, I assume that it’s going to be compromised. Yet I still own these devices — I am part of the problem. Now, every time I go to cook a delicious meal, I’m gonna plug in the sous-vide circulator, connect it to my Wi-Fi, and imagine that somewhere on the other side of the globe, a server has spontaneously combusted because I wanted to cook my steak medium-rare from edge to edge by using an app on my phone.
I’m so excited for my sous-vide cooker, the last device I’ll buy before hackers use it to take out the Eastern Seaboard’s electrical grid and send us back to the Stone Age.
See, the device, I discovered after ordering it, also has Wi-Fi built in, I guess that so when I’m sitting on my fat butt I can just use an app or something to tell it to stop cooking? How extremely convenient — both for me and the Ukrainian teenagers who will soon be using my internet-connected cooking device to shut down websites without my knowledge.
Over the last ten years, Google (er, um, Alphabet) has paid thousands of dollars to people in the academic community working on research that directly involves the company’s business, The Wall Street Journal reported earlier Tuesday. Dollar amounts ranged from $5,000 to $400,000, and Google’s financial contributions to the research were often not disclosed in the finished products, the Journal also reported. A former Google employee said the company had assembled a list of research papers, complete with “working titles, abstracts and budgets,” Google wanted to see produced and then used that list to find academics willing to work with them on those projects. Around 100 such papers have been funded by Google since 2009.
Heald is one of a dozen professors the Journal identified for taking Google’s money. Leslie Miller, Google’s director of public policy, responded to the story in a blog post later on Tuesday, characterizing the report from the Campaign for Accountability, an advocacy group that compiled data used by the Journal, as “highly misleading.” “Our support for the principles underlying an open internet is shared by many academics and institutions who have a long history of undertaking research on these topics — across important areas like copyright, patents, and free expression,” Miller wrote. Frankly, shady ethics aside, the bigger takeaway here is if you’re a professor doing Google-related research, don’t take the paltry $5,000 bait. They’ve got the big bucks, make them pony up.
At the turn of the century, Microsoft released Windows XP, an all-time great operating system that served as many a teenager’s first taste of modern personal computing. One thing that I just learned, however, is that it had a banging music track that users only ever heard once, upon installation.
Located on XP computers in the C:\Windows\system32\oobe\image­s folder lurks a file named title.wma. It’s five minutes and 25 seconds of new-age bliss. (Conveniently enough, “Bliss” is also the name of the Windows XP default wallpaper.)
Apparently, title.wma played when users finished installing Windows XP and then had to go through all of the options, setup, and license agreements that come at the end of the process. That is the only time the system was programmed to play it, meaning that it remained in relative obscurity save for forum threads and Tumblr posts about the track that have accumulated over the years, started by people who either like digging through system files or were passed the track by word of mouth.
Following a test with users in Thailand and Australia, Facebook Messenger announced it’ll be rolling out ads to all users, Venture Beat reports. The ads will appear on the home screen (where you go in the app to find your messages) and will be widely available to advertisers in the coming weeks. “Advertising is not necessarily everything, but it’s definitely how we’re going to be making money right now,” Messenger’s head of product, Stan Chudnovsky, told VB. “And going forward, there are some other business models we are exploring as well, but they’re all around ads one way or another.” Great.
In fact, someone asked about the track on Quora in 2011 and got a response from someone who worked on Windows XP. Wes Miller wrote at the time:
Anyway, please enjoy title.wma, which I am now retroactively declaring to be this year’s song of summer.
If you know anything else about the creation of this track, please email brian.feldman@nymag.com.
Ads will be targeted specifically to users, Chudnovsky also said, noting the company will be slow to roll them out to users over the next few months. Namely because it’s not great for business — “we’re just going to be very data-driven and user feedback-driven on making that [timeline] decision” — if users hate the new ads and abandon the product. Which, honestly, I can’t imagine what there could possibly be to hate about getting served a bunch of big banner ads for those sandals you looked at one time on Zappos while you’re just trying to send a message to a friend.
Do you hate your next-door neighbor? Do you own a large plot of land you’re not doing anything with? Do you own a lawn mower? Do you have a lot of free time on your hands? If you answered yes to all of the above questions, then, boy, do we have a hot tip for you.
First spotted by some redditors, who clearly have a lot of time on their hands, a person in Sequim, Washington, mowed “AHOLE” into their lawn with a giant arrow pointing toward their neighbor’s property. The feud, according to another redditor, dates back several years, to 2009, when the AHOLE in question built a multi-car garage, with an apartment on the top floor, and painted the whole structure bright purple. Back then, the AHOLE’s neighbors petitioned the county for property tax relief, claiming the, um, vibrant garage devalued their homes. “I call it the purple people-eater,” one neighbor told Peninsula Daily News. Another neighbor compared it to Barney the Dinosaur. The insult appears to have been mowed into the lawn sometime between 2011 and 2013, and it’s still visible from Google Earth’s satellites today.
Moral of the story: Try not to piss off your neighbors, particularly if they seem good with lawn care. Otherwise you’ll be viral news for years to come.
Today, more than 40 major tech companies, from Google to Amazon to Netflix, are throwing up banners in support of Net Neutrality Day of Action, attempting to stop the FCC’s attempt to roll back regulations protecting a free and open internet. (Put another way, Trump’s FCC is attempting to get rid of the rules that prevent your cable company from screwing you over on internet service.)
Why shouldn’t we trust ISPs to keep consumers’ best interests in mind? We just have to look at how these companies have abused their power in the past to understand the risks New Yorkers would face if net neutrality is rolled back. Over the last several years, my office has undertaken major investigations of national and regional broadband companies, reviewing years of internal documents. In February, we filed suit against one of these companies, Spectrum–Time Warner Cable, which serves over 2.5 million households in New York State. Documents reviewed by my office revealed that slowdowns and service interruptions were often the result of a deliberate business choice by Spectrum–Time Warner Cable to squeeze higher fees out of content providers like Netflix and the networks those content providers relied on to reach Spectrum–Time Warner Cable customers. Meanwhile, the New Yorkers who signed up for internet weren’t getting the service and speeds Spectrum-TWC promised them and charged them for. That is outrageous. And it’s clear these issues weren’t limited to just New York.
Did you see any change in ISP behavior after the FCC passed its net-neutrality ruling in 2015? ISPs used strong-arm tactics to extract fees from content providers and other networks for years leading up to 2015. Only after the FCC passed the current net-neutrality rules in 2015 were ISPs forced to stop using these tactics. It’s vital that the federal government continue to send a strong message that it will protect free and open access and a level playing field.
What’s your view on what FCC chairman Ajit Pai’s proposed rollback of open-internet regulation will mean for us here in New York? It would be a disaster. The big broadband providers put their profits ahead of their customers’ internet-service quality for years before the FCC issued its current rules in 2015. That’s the best evidence of how those companies will act if the FCC rolls back those rules.
On the consumer level, most New Yorkers have a limited choice of internet-service providers. If net neutrality is rolled back and you can’t wield your power as a consumer by switching to a different ISP, what will you be able to do if you go online one day and find your favorite website is harder to access because it hasn’t paid for access to the fast lane?
The internet is the public square of the 21st century. New Yorkers depend on it. It must remain accessible and fair for all.
Our state also has a large and growing internet economy — one of the largest in the country. We have media companies and nonprofits that do a lot of their work online. What if you’re an entrepreneur and you can’t compete against a big company that takes advantage of an unfair playing field to buy access? What if an ISP disfavors a controversial viewpoint, or an advocacy campaign?
Can you do anything in your capacity as a state attorney general to challenge FCC policy on net neutrality, if that should change? I’m committed to holding companies to their promises. ISPs are promising New Yorkers that they’ll get fast and reliable connections in their homes. They can’t then turn around and rip you off with slower speeds and less reliable connections. But that’s exactly what’s been happening in New York — and that’s why we’ve sued Spectrum-TWC and continue to investigate others. We’re going to keep enforcing New York State law, no matter what the FCC decides and no matter what happens at the federal level.
But we also still have an opportunity to fight back against changes in the FCC’s policy — so I’m also asking all New Yorkers and all Americans who care about an open internet to join me in demanding the FCC and Congress keep net-neutrality protections in place. I’ll be submitting comments, and others can join me in doing so here.
How do you get the public to care about net neutrality? It can still sometimes come off as pretty dry. The internet is an essential part of our lives, and an entire generation of New Yorkers have grown up with it. We can all understand the degree to which our economy, our public sphere, and our daily lives would be impacted if access to content was based on how much the providers of that content can pay — and whether that’s slower streaming of your favorite show, or an ISP throttling access to political content it disagrees with, that impacts all of us.
That’s why campaigns like today’s Net Neutrality Day of Action are bringing together incredibly broad coalitions. Businesses, advocacy groups, and everyday Americans are speaking as one. If we can sustain this kind of volume, we’re going to see progress.
How does the concept of net neutrality — having regulations mandating free and open internet — affect the average consumer? We’ve all had the frustration of using a service like Spotify or Hulu and waiting for it to load. That’s a warning sign of what things would be like if the federal government undoes net-neutrality protections — allowing the broadband industry to put profits ahead of the needs of their own consumers, and charge companies and other content providers for access to an internet “fast lane.” The voices of the digital haves, who can afford to pay for preferential treatment, would drown out the digital have-nots. So consumers would pay higher prices for access to less content, and could start seeing a lot more of those frustrating loading screens.
We talked via email with New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman, whose office is in the midst of a legal case against Spectrum–Time Warner Cable over their poor broadband service, about net neutrality, what his office has seen while investigating ISPs, and what the rollback of regulations would mean for the average New Yorker.
I do not actually know that my sous-vide circulator will be hacked remotely in order to power a Low Orbit Ion Cannon (popular software for launching a distributed denial-of-service attack used to take websites off the internet temporarily), but if it did happen, I would not be surprised. Oftentimes, the computers — usually very primitive computers of the kind found in security cameras, smart-home light bulbs, and cooking appliances — function normally while these processes run in the background. Perhaps my precision cooker will be attacking a major DNS server while I poach a perfect egg. Or maybe it will help take down a dissident forum as I prepare a cut of steak for the grill. The possibilities are endless.
This post was initially written to coincide with Amazon’s Prime Day sale, and has since been updated. These things are fine purchases at their usual price, but unless you’re in a hurry, I’d recommend waiting until Amazon does one of their semi-annual price drops.
In the past, the difficulty of getting people to care about internet policy issues has always been counterbalanced by the dedicated effort of a handful of big platforms and hundreds of thousands of mobilized internet users — redditors, Tumblr bloggers, and the like. But compared to similar regulatory battles in which the internet layman triumphed, today’s fight for net neutrality is anemic at best. In early 2012, a concerted effort against SOPA, a poorly constructed bill that would’ve effectively afforded censorship powers to copyright holders, was defeated after widespread public outcry. The 2015 Open Internet Order that the FCC now seeks to undue came about in part because of millions of public comments that flooded the system in support of it.
But chances are you haven’t been paying diligent attention. Net neutrality — the principle that all traffic on a network, from Netflix streaming video to homemade text websites, be treated equally by service providers like Verizon and Comcast — has always been a tough sell, in part because its implications feel very minor. The analogy commonly trotted out, that eliminating net neutrality would allow ISPs to create “fast lanes” and “slow lanes,” is entirely uninspiring, making the issue seem like a five-minute traffic delay, and not regulatory repeal that could reshape the internet, allowing large corporations to consolidate power and influence on the most important communications infrastructure on the planet, shutting out competitors, and making the web worse for everyday users.
If you’ve been paying diligent attention to the ongoing effort by the Republican-controlled Federal Communications Commission to roll back consumer protections relating to internet access, then you might know that today is the so-called Net Neutrality Day of Action. Across the web, thousands of sites are banding together to inform their users of what’s at stake if the FCC unravels Title II regulations on internet-service providers, and encouraging them to take action by leaving a comment before July 17.
For the most part, unfortunately, the “action” being taken today is to run a banner on a site’s homepage that says something like “internet freedom is at stake!” (Reddit has a lengthy, informative post front and center on its much-trafficked homepage, while Amazon’s bland module just says “Net Neutrality? Learn more,” ensuring that nobody is going to click on it.) Many of these link to the Internet Association’s action page, a flaccid call to action that feels like it was constructed in 2013 — a listicle of reaction GIFs. It’s a rhetorical tactic that might be as effective for protecting net neutrality as it was for getting Hillary Clinton elected president.
It shouldn’t be this way! Net neutrality and a free, open internet are important principles that are truly bipartisan, principles that free-speech advocates from leftist Twitter to right-wing subreddits can get behind. Why aren’t we doing better? Why is the fight for net neutrality so anemic?
The fact of the matter is that, in a perfect world, the fight for internet freedom would be a grassroots movement from hundreds of thousands of smaller sites. But in this reality, against an FCC pushing the Title II rollback as an economic boon, the most effective companies for rallying against it are arguably the ones with the most economic weight. That means companies like Facebook and Google and Microsoft and Netflix — companies with market shares so large that they don’t really need net neutrality to survive.
It’s also worth noting that in a political climate that seeks to instate or reinstate racist, discriminatory, xenophobic, homophobic, and environmentally catastrophic policies, the issue of “a video of a guy getting hit in the nuts might take a few more seconds to load” is difficult to prioritize. Ironically, we just might not have the bandwidth to advocate for net neutrality.
Today’s Day of Action, sponsored by an internet-advocacy group called Fight for the Future, is supplying users with the ability to comment to the FCC, and supplying websites with assets to use to inform their readers. Good! Among the thousands of companies participating are heavy hitters like Reddit, GitHub, Amazon, Mozilla, and PornHub — don’t discount how much people care about access to porn. Also, tucked in there is the Internet Association, a trade group that represents many of the largest platforms, including Facebook and Google.
Sadly, the clearest and most obvious reason is that the rollback is essentially a done deal. Republicans control the federal government, and even if you could bring pressure to bear on your elected representatives, the FCC isn’t democratically elected and doesn’t have to answer so directly to voters. The primary mechanism that people have for action on this issue is useless. Public comments to the FCC are helpful in some ways, but the FCC has already indicated that it doesn’t really care — the comment system isn’t ballot; it’s a way of collecting data. Ajit Pai, the FCC chairman and former Verizon lawyer whose arguments on this issue have been at best specious and at worst dishonest, has signaled clearly his intent to end net-neutrality rules. Before he was even appointed under the Trump administration, he had said that net neutrality’s “days are numbered.” (On top of this, the system for filing electronic comments has been flooded with identical comments, signed with the names of real people without their knowledge, likely the result of an automated program harnessing publicly available data. These bot comments give the FCC an out to disregard the millions of legitimate comments entirely.)
Most of these large companies are remaining silent, or at most, speaking in whispers. Netflix has a banner on its homepage today, but that may be partially due to CEO Reed Hasting’s overly candid and subsequently criticized remarks in May, when he said that net neutrality is “not narrowly important to us because we’re big enough to get the deals we want.” The site quickly made a vocal commitment to today’s effort a few weeks afterward.
Facebook and Google, which see billions of users every day, are doing next to nothing, represented by proxy through the Internet Association. Instead of displaying any sort of message for its millions of search-engine users today, Google is “sending [an] email to Take Action, our community focused on issues that are important to the future of the internet.” In other words, an email to the precise audience that doesn’t need further information about this issue. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has written a post for his personal page. Neither company responded to softball inquiries last month about whether they were planning anything for today, a perfect opportunity for them to crow about how much their users matter.
There are encouraging glimmers of hope, however. “In the last four years, most congressmen have been very scared to weigh in on internet-related stuff,” one D.C. consultant told Vice, a sign that the grassroots effort to protect the internet on behalf of consumers is a growing political consideration. Congress and the FCC might have little interest in listening to net-neutrality advocates in the current political climate, but political winds can change rapidly, and with any luck, they will.
A couple of years ago, I would have agreed, but the paradigm has shifted, especially as the current FCC seeks to delegitimize its comment system that gives the average user a voice. If those voices are discredited, then we’re in the unenviable position of relying on benevolent corporate behemoths to advocate on our behalf.
“This also underscores exactly why we need net neutrality. Without it, only the largest, most incumbent, players get a seat at the table,” Greer continued in her message last month. “Title II net-neutrality protections foster the competition, innovation, and creativity that has made the internet what it is today.” I guess the truth we now have to accept is that the largest internet companies are perfectly fine with the internet we have today. What’s the point of giving the little guy a hand when they can eventually unseat you?
When I inquired about their absence last month, Fight the Future’s Evan Greer wrote back, “We won the net-neutrality rules that we have now without major participation from some of the companies you’re curious about, and we often see that it’s not always the largest companies that drive the most participation in these efforts. An online gaming community, start-up, or popular image-sharing site can sometimes drive more traffic, comments, emails, and phone calls than a Fortune 500 company. To me, that’s the real story: the internet has changed the rules for what is and isn’t possible in Washington, D.C., and has given more people a voice than ever before.”
AlphaBay, until recently the biggest online darknet drug market, has been offline since July 4, leaving a whole lot of online drug vendors and buyers in the lurch. The growing consensus is that admins have shut down the site, taking millions of dollars in crypto-currency with them in what could possibly be the largest “exit scam” in history. And in the subreddits dedicated to AlphaBay, the tone has gone from worried to grim.
The basic concept behind darknet markets has remained largely unchanged since the advent of Silk Road six years ago. Users access the markets via the Tor network, and buy and sell contraband, ranging from drugs to stolen credit cards to firearms, using crypto-currency like bitcoin.
The vulnerability to exit scams comes from how these marketplaces operate. AlphaBay (and nearly all online drug markets like it) use an escrow system, ostensibly to protect buyers and sellers. Let’s say you want to buy one kilo of uncut cocaine for $30,000, or about 12.75 bitcoin at current trading prices. You would contact the seller via the darknet market, provide where you want everything shipped using PGP encryption, and then hit order. Your bitcoin then goes into an escrow account maintained by the darknet market while you wait. Once the package arrives, you verify you got what you ordered, and sign back into the market and confirm. The market then sends the bitcoin to the seller and completes the transaction.
So how much are we talking here? So far, $4 million USD worth of bitcoin has been tracked that could be related to AlphaBay — but that’s likely just the tip of the iceberg. Another user claims to have tracked the money he or she was storing at AlphaBay to another wallet currently holding about $10 million in bitcoin, and which has seen over $6 trillion in bitcoin transferred through it at one point or another. Darknet market Sheep Marketplace made off with nearly $40 million when it went offline in late 2013, and another market, Evolution, took $12 million with it when it abruptly shut down in 2015.
But when AlphaBay went offline, there were likely tens of thousands of orders still in AlphaBay’s escrow. And any users or vendors who kept crypto-currency in their “wallet” on AlphaBay’s servers are now unable to withdraw their money.
But even if AlphaBay did make off with all its users money, effectively cashing out this much bitcoin will be difficult. Bitcoins, despite their reputation for anonymity, are relatively easy to trace. Every transaction is recorded in a public ledger known as the blockchain. There are ways to obscure some of this via “tumbling” — essentially blending many different bitcoins together — but it’s much, much harder to do for large amounts of money, especially when people are suddenly watching closely. And the owner of Sheep Market, one of the first to pull a major exit scam, was busted after attempting to purchase a home under his grandfather’s name via his wife’s bank account.
Regardless, the potential loss of millions of dollars won’t slow down darknet markets. Vendors and users are already migrating to darknet markets Dream, Hansa, and the Russian-language site Ramp. As of July 12, all were open for business, selling everything from Ritalin from India to gummy bears dosed with MDMA. Barring some major shift in law-enforcement capabilities, there’s little governments can do about it. The rewards are too alluring for vendors — they can sell contraband to anybody able to receive mail. And the markets will continue to draw in new customers, who find themselves able to purchase whatever they want with just slightly more hassle than buying a floor rug off Overstock.com.
It should be noted that it’s still unclear if AlphaBay actually did pull an exit scam — and it may never be proven one way or another. Posters claiming to represent AlphaBay have said the market is experiencing “downtime,” and should return to business soon.
But both of those sites likely saw fewer users and were active when bitcoin was significantly less valuable than it is now. According to the anonymous admin of DeepDotWeb, which acts as aggregator and news site about darknet markets, the amount of traffic it was sending to AlphaBay dwarfed anything he or she saw going to previous markets. This is partly just because AlphaBay had established itself as the top market after the last major shakeout in 2015, when previous market leader Agora abruptly shut down. But the admin also writes that darknet markets are also more popular than ever; DeepDotWeb’s traffic has more than doubled since 2014.
As one Reddit user put it: “After spending 20 years dealing with stupid, petty, ignorant ass bastards, the markets have taken things to a whole more sensible level. The cost of exit scams is minuscule compared to the foolishness that we would have to deal with if there were no markets.”
Over the last few years, a cottage industry has emerged attempting to explain the ascendancy of a new style of far-right politics characterized by a countercultural sensibility and trafficking heavily in memefied versions of the sort of overt racism and sexism long thought to have been banished from the civilized world — an intellectual and political movement that has come to be known as the “alt-right.” While a number of entries into this genre have attempted to uncover the alt-right’s deep ideological roots, Angela Nagle’s newly published book Kill All Normies: Online Culture Wars From 4chan and Tumblr to Trump and the Alt-Right makes the alt-right into something both more recent and familiar — a spawn of the internet, as well as a bastard child of the counterculture.
As her subtitle suggests, Nagle’s book places the alt-right within a broader context of the “online culture wars” of the 2000s and 2010s, from which a number of contemporary political currents emerged. Although the alt-right draws somewhat eclectically on European reactionary philosophy and the work of older white nationalists like Jared Taylor, it is, Nagle argues, in many ways a thorough product of the 21st century. Much of the movement’s sensibility, characterized by a taste for anonymous and often abusive pranksterism wrapped in dense layers of self-protective irony, originated in 4chan’s anarchic /pol/ and /b/ forums, while many of its characteristic ideas about gender — intense anti-feminism; a disillusioned view of sex; and a preoccupation with male sexual hierarchies — were ported over from “Manosphere” hangouts such as r/TheRedPill and Return of Kings, themselves offshoots of mid-2000s pick-up-artist culture. Nagle also distinguishes between the alt-right proper — open white-nationalists like Richard Spencer as well as mostly anonymous 4chan and Twitter users — and the “alt-light,” a rogue’s gallery of trolls and media manipulators such as Mike Cernovich and Milo Yiannopoulos, who act as the movement’s bridge to the mainstream while attempting, usually unconvincingly, to play down its hard edges.
Like the alt-right, this brand of leftism was primarily a creature of the Internet and social media, with its most vocal supporters and critics concentrated among the young, the college-educated, and those working in the media and the academy — a small but influential population that exerts a heavy influence on the shape of online discourse. Originally, this worked to make certain pathological tendencies seem more widespread than they actually were — sectarian fights that a generation ago would have been fought out in the offices of small magazines were now out in the open for all to see. But once the pattern of destructive behavior had been established, the alt-right, realizing the propaganda value of such left-wing hysteria, did what it could to amplify it, as seen with Milo Yiannopoulos’s “Dangerous Faggot” campus-speaking tour and the riots it provoked in Berkeley.
Nagle, of course, is herself on the political left, and Kill All Normies reflects her frustrations with intra-left political disputes of the last five years, which have tended to pit identitarians against a more explicitly socialist left. At one level, Nagle suggests that there was a symbiosis between the social-justice left and the alt-right: The left’s tendency to focus on racial and sexual identity while explicitly demonizing privileged groups — notably straight white men — may have pushed members of these groups into the arms of the alt-right, while the stronger the alt-right became, the more it confirmed the social-justice left in the belief that its critics, even those on the left, were either Nazis or Nazis’ useful idiots. But aside from such direct symbiosis, Nagle suspects — rightly in my view — that the real damage of the “Tumblrization of left-politics” may have been to spur a “brain drain from the left,” as people fled from a political brand increasingly associated with hysteria, witch-hunting, and intolerance of dissent. She writes in her conclusion that the left’s “embarrassing and toxic online politics” have made it “a laughing stock for a whole new generation” — a dynamic typified by the recent student protests at Evergreen State, which, to outsiders at least, look totally insane.
Tumblr liberalism, as Nagle calls it, had a number of strange outward markers, including hyperconstructionist gender politics, a fixation on pop culture, and a penchant for the public call-out. It became most famous, however, for something with the evocative name of “crybullying,” or, in Nagle’s words, a “culture of fragility and victimhood mixed with a vicious culture of group attacks, group shaming, and attempts to destroy the reputations and lives of others within their political milieu.” Nagle gives a number of examples of crybullying in action, many of which will be familiar to those who spend a lot of time reading about politics online. Perhaps the most indicative example, although it isn’t mentioned by Nagle, was the cringeworthy “Jacobinghazi” scandal, in which Megan Erickson, a female editor of the socialist magazine Jacobin, was hounded for being a “rape apologist” (an accusation that made it into Newsweek) after defending one of her authors from the baseless charge of having mocked another writer’s rape threats.
Of course, to say that the alt-right is a recent creation is not to say it is sui generis. In terms of explicit intellectual influences, Nagle points to Nietzsche, the Italian fascist Julius Evola, and French New Right theorist Alain de Benoist, among others. But her book is a welcome rejoinder to the common-enough notion that the alt-right has merely repackaged old or discredited ideas about race and masculinity in a newer, edgier form. There is some of that, especially in the revival of intellectual anti-Semitism, yet Nagle is also sensitive to the fact that not only are the alt-right’s outward cultural signifiers of recent origin, so too are many of the particular social pathologies that have contributed to its rise, including social isolation, millennials’ perpetually extended adolescence, the Darwinian dating world fostered by Tinder, and a general lack of meaning in life. (Nagle doesn’t make this explicit, but it is no surprise that many of the alt-right’s favorite thinkers tend to denigrate materialism and advocate a return to the transcendent and spiritual.)
Nagle’s origin story here will be familiar to people who have followed the alt-right — Rosie Gray, David Auerbach, and others have long pinpointed its debt to chan and Reddit culture. Yet more than most writers on this issue, Nagle’s account of the alt-right puts a heavy emphasis on the extent to which it emerged alongside, and defined itself in opposition to, an analogous left-wing subculture that over the last five years came to exert a powerful influence in online political discourse. This subculture, which Nagle calls “Tumblr liberalism” but whose members are better known by the pejorative term “social justice warriors,” developed on Tumblr, social media, and in certain sections of the academy before spilling out into the mainstream during the late Obama years, thanks in part to signal boosts from websites like Salon, Upworthy, and BuzzFeed. Nagle’s book is as much a polemic against the unforced errors committed by this brand of left politics as it is an assault on the new right, which, for the unconverted at any rate, tends to discredit itself.
Nagle’s criticisms of the left are harsh and will no doubt anger some, but they will also find grateful readers, especially in segments of the left where frustration with the Tumblr liberals has been bubbling under the surface for some time now. Yet aside from her account of the online culture wars, there is another, deeper line of argument running through Kill All Normies that is both more radical and more conservative than most critics seem to have noticed. In addition to tracing the alt-right’s conservative and reactionary predecessors, Nagle makes an intriguing connection between its nihilistic, transgressive sensibility and the antinomian creed of aestheticized revolt characteristic of the modernist avant-garde and, more importantly, the New Left counterculture that arose in the 1960s, and which still exerts a heavy influence on contemporary thought.
Building on Joy Press and Simon Reynolds’s work in The Sex Revolts, Nagle traces this sensibility from its roots in the Marquis de Sade and Nietzsche to its explosion in the youth movements of the 1960s, noting how the basic form of revolt — transgression against the dominant morality for its own sake — stays the same even as the nominally “left” or “right” political content changes depending on the morality it rebels against. When the dominant morality was that of the white Christian America of the 1950s or even the moral majority of the 1970s, transgression assumed a progressive air. Yet in the last two decades or so, the moral code preached by the commanding heights of American culture has been a sort of neutered Baby Boomer liberalism, one that champions multicultural tolerance, a soft, health-conscious hedonism, and the entrepreneurial spirit — a marriage between ‘60s social progressivism and the conservative economic turn of the ‘70s and ‘80s. Many of the values of the alt-right, including its ethno-nationalism, slacker shitposting ethic, and antipathy to the sexual revolution are best understood as negations of this progressive status quo.
This gets to another unity that Nagle sees between the descendants of the New Left and the alt-right, the latter coming to look, in her telling, like a heretical sect of the former. Amoral transgression, after all, is always an expression of a certain form of elitism; an aversion to the rules and tastes of the herd that, as Nagle argued in a 2016 essay for The Baffler, bridges our partisan divide. Right-wing message-board subcultures, with their hatred of “normies” and “basic bitches,” are radicalizing — albeit with a much different political valence — a contempt for normality inherited from the champions of Piss Christ.
Kill All Normies is an important book, albeit one whose conclusions are likely to prove unflattering and potentially unpopular. In it, the alt-right emerges as something not quite as alien as many would like to think. Rather, it is a bastardized version of the cultural currents that most of the book’s likely readers — myself included — participate in and valorize. And although there may be no easy way out of the mess we have gotten ourselves into — stabbings in Portland, riots in Berkeley, and Trump in the White House — the book’s indictment of our elitist culture wars does point toward an inevitable, if slightly horrifying conclusion: Perhaps the normies aren’t so bad after all.
For Nagle, this is not a coincidence but rather the logical culmination of elevating transgressive revolt to the status of a value in itself. (Not coincidentally, given the alt-right’s misogyny, moral conformity is often gendered as feminine — a sort of overbearing mother against which real men must rebel.) Channeling Christopher Lasch, she writes that “for progressive politics anti-moral transgression has always been a bargain with the devil, because the case for equality is essentially a moral one.”
Today’s Twitter meme is brought to you by the letter K. That’s K as in “Kremlin” and “Are you kidding me, Donald Trump Jr.?” Yesterday, in an attempt to get ahead of a story involving the young Trump emailing with a Kremlin-associated publicist about a meeting where he was to be supplied with intel from the Russian government, Trump Jr. took matters into his own hands and tweeted out the emails in question. Jared Yates Sexton, a journalist who claimed he had spent significant time tracking leads on this particular story, immediately tweeted his distress. “I…worked on this story for a year…and…he just…he tweeted it out,” Sexton tweeted on Tuesday. Fast forward about 24 hours later and, well folks, we got ourselves a meme.
I worked on this story for 15 minutes. Please tweet it out.
If you have an Alexa device like the Amazon Echo in your home, chances are you’ve said or done something embarrassing — if not damning — after activating it. You might feel comfortable with Amazon holding onto a transcript of that recording for a limited time, but what about developers you don’t know? Per the Information (subscription required), Amazon is considering significantly expanding how much data it shares with Alexa app developers. Specifically, it may begin providing transcripts of what exactly people are asking Alexa while using their Skill.
Right now, the Echo family (and the many, many other products now using the Alexa API) compete only with the Google Home. Amazon easily outclasses Google on how many apps are available — Amazon has over 15,000, while an estimate from VoiceBot says Google has 378.
The move comes as Amazon attempts to turn Alexa’s Skills (essentially the smart speaker’s voice-controlled apps) into a more attractive platform for developers, particularly as more players like Apple and Microsoft enter the smart-speaker marketplace. As of now, developers have no real way to monetize their apps — while you can sell your own services (say, order an Uber or a pizza from Domino’s), you can’t sell a Skill by itself for Alexa, though the company did start paying developers who have created games that induce people to interact with Alexa for longer periods.
But, according to developers speaking to the Information, Google is making a pitch: We’ll give you the full transcript of what’s said to Google Home after your action is triggered. Amazon doesn’t currently offer the same, except to a small group of developers on a “white list.” To be clear: this doesn’t mean Google (or, eventually) Amazon would be passing along everything you said after activating your Echo or Google Home. Rather, developers would get anonymized data about only the voice queries made using their own app. Think of it as the difference between an app developer somehow being able to see everything you do on your smartphone (which would raise all sorts of serious privacy concerns) versus being able to get metrics on what users tend to do in their particular app.
For users, however, it may not feel quite so helpful. It may feel kinda uncomfortable. Both Alexa and Google Home are always passively listening in your home, waiting to hear the activation phrase to wake it up. These passive recordings are only stored on your local device, and only for a short time — the only data that gets passed along to Amazon or Google is when you say, “Okay, Google” or “Alexa” (or whatever your activation phrase may be). Still, I know the Echo we keep in our kitchen has activated a few times when somehow our conversation has produced syllables close enough to “Alexa” to wake it up.
The benefits for developers would be easy to imagine. Right now, developers can see usage stats for their Alexa apps, but not what people are actually saying. Imagine you’re developing an app to help remind users of upcoming appointments. You have programmed in responses to “What’s on my calendar for today?” or “What’s happening today?” but not to “What’s on my docket?” Users who use the wrong words will just experience an app that doesn’t respond when they want it to.
We’ve reached out to both Google and Amazon for clarification on what data is passed along, and how (and if) they anonymize it, and will update if either company responds.
We’re still very much in the early days of allowing smart speakers into our homes. I’ve spoken with plenty of people who remain uneasy with the idea of having an always-on microphone and have stayed away from the Echo or Google Home. The knowledge that Google is already passing along data to anyone who registers as a developer, and Amazon may soon move to do the same in the near future, isn’t likely to assuage their concerns.
“Right now, anyone who launches a Skill, even if they’ve earnestly invested the time and done their homework, is, at best, launching with 70 percent of what they need to know,” said Ahmed Bouzid, speaking to the Information. Bouzid, who now works to develop Skills for Alexa, formerly headed up the product team for Alexa at Amazon.
News reports from likely future FBI director Chris Wray’s Senate hearing today focused on the question of the agency’s independence from the White House. This is understandable — the bureau’s relationship to the White House is at the top of everyone’s mind — and Wray performed well: “My commitment is to the rule of law, to the Constitution,” he told members of the Senate Judiciary Committee. But when it came to the less attention-getting, but no less important, question of encryption, unfortunately, Wray performed somewhat less inspiringly: “There’s a balance, obviously, that has to be struck between the importance of encryption — which we can all respect when there are so many threats to our systems — and the importance of giving law enforcement the tools that they lawfully need to keep us all safe,” he said.
Wray is entering a decades-long debate, one where a principal argument hasn’t really changed: Should you be allowed to make a device or a method of communication that’s so secure, even you have no way of knowing what your users are doing or saying? The FBI, famously, was so stumped when it couldn’t access San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook’s iPhone last year that it invoked the All Writs Act of 1789, a broadly written law used when the government needs an authorization that Congress hasn’t yet legislated or thought of, and demanded Apple write a personalized, fake software update to get past the phone’s login screen. At the 11th hour, the FBI said it had found and paid for a rare vulnerability in the code for the 5c, the model Farook had, and stood down.
But politicians and law-enforcement figures pushing for a compromise “ignore the realities of mathematics and the dire need to increase internet security in favor of pushing technologists to ‘nerd harder’ and come up with some magical way to create strong security tools that only the FBI could break,” said Amie Stepanovich, U.S. policy manager at Access Now, a group that advocates for digital civil liberties.
The problem is that there isn’t really a legal balance to be struck when it comes to encryption. American tech companies already comply with lawful orders for user information that isn’t fully encrypted, and shy of building backdoors into their products, there isn’t a lot more they can do.
“Unfortunately, I’m still not sure how this is an issue that can be solved by working together with industry,” said Matthew Green, a renowned cryptography professor at Johns Hopkins University, after seeing Wray’s comments. “Either the U.S. government will pursue a strategy that includes mandated encryption backdoors or it won’t. I believe other forms of cooperation, such as metadata sharing, are already available.”
At the same time, it’s hard to tell the law-and-order crowd that if a terrorist cell in the U.S. is using Signal, the FBI has to simply throw up its hands and use whatever other investigative tools are at its disposal. That’s why a number of political figures, among them former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and former FBI Director James Comey, have rejected the idea of outright backdoors, but like Wray today, still declared a wistful support for some kind of “compromise” solution, achievable by the tech industry and federal government really putting their heads together.
In Wray’s defense, maybe he only hoped for an impossible compromise because he hasn’t had time to give the issue much thought: He readily admitted he was an “outsider” who didn’t have enough information about encryption in front of him to present a formal plan, a repeated theme in his hearing. For the future, Wray might consider stressing that pushing for mandatory backdoors should be off the table, or that strong encryption should be a fundamental consumer protection in a world where Russian intelligence agencies target American civilians, like the heads of U.S. presidential campaigns. Wray could have said that agents stymied by locked phones would have to rely more on old-school investigative techniques. He could have admitted that while the gray market of buying exploits in emergencies is far from perfect, it’s worked so far, and there simply isn’t a better solution out there.
Unfortunately, no senator probed Wray much further on the issue. What does he think the FBI should do if the agency encounters another Farook iPhone case, but this time can’t find a vendor hawking exploits? Apparently, hope that math changes.
Technologists and cryptographers have long been unanimous that forcing a tech company to build a secret vulnerability into their products, only to be used for emergency situations — a backdoor — is a terrible idea. If cops can use it, hackers and foreign governments can probably find it and exploit users, for one thing. And if American companies would be forced by law to build backdoors, as floated in an ill-fated draft bill last year by senators sympathetic to the FBI’s concerns about terrorists “going dark,” privacy-minded consumers would simply start using secure messaging apps made in countries that didn’t have that law.
Last night, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity. She came well prepared — just, maybe not as much for a spot on national television as for a fourth-grade show-and-tell lesson. During the interview, Conway pulled out two paper signs, one reading “CONCLUSION? COLLUSION” and the other “ILLUSION DELUSION,” in an attempt to explain away Donald Trump Jr.’s recently revealed (by Trump Jr. himself) connections to the Kremlin. “I just want to review, in case you run out of time,” Conway said to Hannity. “This is how I see it so far.”
Yes, it’s easy to imagine that this was a world-class mistake — as we’ve explained several times, you shouldn’t hold up a sign in a photograph unless you are prepared to become a meme. But, of course, being the subject of a dumb meme is a good way to (1) spread your message and (2) avoid actually talking about it. Twitter spent a lot more time making memes out of her signs than it did discussing the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia. (“Apologies to the humorless,” Conway tweeted after people online commented on her presentation.)
Conclusion? Memes. Lots of memes.
According to preliminary stats from Fight for the Future, one of the nonprofits spearheading the initiative, more than 10 million people yesterday were exposed to the protest messaging. That resulted in 1.6 million comments to the FCC. According to the statement put out yesterday evening, “The volume of participation was so high that the FCC has been ‘rate limiting’ submissions into their docket — there is an enormous number of comments queued up that will be submitted into its system before the July 17 deadline, as fast as its system can handle them.”
Across the internet yesterday, thousands of websites participated in a day of action to save net neutrality, the principle that prevents monopolistic internet-service providers from determining what you can and can’t access. The FCC is set to roll back regulations adopted in 2015 that protect consumers from ISP practices that favor certain services.
The open question now is whether such a high rate of support for net neutrality will have any influence over the FCC, which is proceeding apace. It is difficult not to be severely skeptical of Ajit Pai’s FCC, which, much like the rest of the federal government, appears to be acting in bad faith at the behest of corporate benefactors. I would love to be proven wrong.
For me, the real bright spot in yesterday’s protest is the “3,450,000+ emails” that Fight for the Future says were written to members of Congress. Internet access and regulation is becoming a growing political liability for elected officials who, unlike appointed FCC commissioners, are actually beholden to the will of their constituents. When Congress used the Congressional Review Act to unravel regulation that prevented ISPs from selling customer data to third parties, the swift and intense backlash surely sent a signal that the internet was no longer a curiosity, but something to be taken seriously. This has been true for decades, but the law moves much more slowly than technological progress.
So the FCC still seems likely to undo the 2015 Title II order, but the flip side of yesterday’s protest was sending a message to Congress that it should pick up the mantle and enshrine net neutrality in law, as opposed to government-agency regulation. That comes with its own set of hazards, not the least of which is the dysfunction that now grips both the House and the Senate, which have bigger legislative fish to fry. And of course, as T.C. Sottek points out at the Verge, elected officials love taking campaign donations from the telecom industry. The point is that there are other avenues for protecting net neutrality that don’t involve the FCC. For internet users more accustomed to instant gratification, it just might take a little more patience.
Game of Thrones returns this Sunday. People will probably die. It will probably be dramatic. Kit Harington will probably still be very good looking. While we wait to confirm all these crucial plot details — is it apparent I don’t really watch this show — Amazon’s AI, Alexa, has some hidden Easter-egg commands you can use to get hype. (What? You don’t own an Amazon Echo or Echo Dot? Here’s why you should buy one.)
The Oculus Rift VR headset has been steadily dropping in price: The Rift plus Touch controllers were $800 at the beginning of the year, then dropped to $600, and are now $400 for the next six weeks. So news from Bloomberg that Oculus is reportedly working on a new VR headset shouldn’t come as a huge surprise.
Per Bloomberg, speaking to sources within the company, Oculus will put out a wireless VR headset that won’t require a PC or a mobile phone to run, and will cost just $200. The new headset should hit the market in early 2018.
The new headset would solve that, replicating the experience of the Gear VR (including its Wii-like handheld controller) for $200, no phone required. However, this also means that it comes with the current limitations of smartphone-based VR: The headset won’t be able to track your body’s position, only where your head is pointed. It’s fine if you’re sitting down and staying relatively still, but if you move your body around much, even just leaning side to side or craning your neck forward, it can create an odd, head-on-a-stick feeling that breaks immersion. Lack of positional tracking also makes things like room-scale VR (i.e, the ability to walk around) impossible.
Oculus has been at work for a while on a prototype known as Santa Cruz, which would be a wireless version of the current Oculus Rift PC headset and could potentially eliminate the need for a PC altogether. But details remain scarce, and there’s no word when that would hit the market — or at what price point.
The headset seems to be an attempt to simplify (and perhaps supplant) Samsung’s Gear VR headset, currently the market leader (and which uses Oculus technology and the Oculus storefront to sell games). To get the $130 Gear VR headset working, you need one of the newer Samsung Galaxy phones. Especially in the American market, where the higher-end of tech consumers remain solidly split between Samsung and iPhone users, this means many potential customers simply can’t get in on one of the cheaper ways to experience VR.
Part of this is that the games simply aren’t there. It’s a bit of a chicken-and-the-egg problem. Major developers, absent subsidies from hardware developers, don’t want to invest resources into full-fledged games that they can only sell to a relatively small market. But that market won’t grow until there are full-fledged games available for it.
The first generation of VR headsets have mainly failed to break through to any sort of mass market. Even Samsung’s Gear VR remains a relatively niche device, the PSVR is selling above expectations, but still sees a relatively small install base. Meanwhile, both the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive haven’t seen wide adoption in the PC-gaming market, a crowd that is usually much less price-sensitive than average consumers.
But the other part is that VR, as it exists now, remains a hassle. Wired headsets attached to PCs or PlayStations require either a fair amount of living-room space dedicated to VR, or a lot of setup and teardown each time you want to use a VR headset. Smartphone VR headsets like the Gear VR or Google’s Daydream are relatively easier, but still suffer from being uncomfortable and underpowered. If Oculus can figure out a way to make a headset that’s easy to slip on, feels full-featured, and falls into the price range of “impulse tech purchase” versus “one month’s rent,” it could find a way to break into the mass market.
As with all things Echo, to use the commands, wake your device by saying “Alexa,” and then instruct it accordingly. As in “Alexa … hold the door.” (This one first prompted my Echo Dot to tell me I don’t have any smart-home devices connected. The second time, with a little more overpronunciation from me, it chanted back, “Hodor, Hodor, Hodor.”)
Of course, if Amazon does opt to start giving over user information to developers, you run the risk of people finding out you spent precious free time yelling at a robot in your apartment about a fantasy television show. All men must die sometime, I guess.
This piece has been updated to clarify exactly what is provided to Google Home developers.
On intensely hot days in New York, which seem to be all the time now, there is one phrase that runs through my mind. Particularly when moving about the city.
“Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.” I don’t know precisely why this phrase continues to run through my head, but it is growing more and more appropriate by the day. It comes from an old video clip, taken from a presumably Haitian morning show, that went viral in 2008.
God, I love this video. (I am not alone in this regard.) Charlotte’s corny banter; the half-second delay before Arthur’s oversize laugh; Charlotte thanking Arthur. But most of all, I just love the delivery of “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I leave my apartment in the morning and step out onto the baking New York sidewalk: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I descend into the subway, which I still for some reason expect to be cold because it does not receive sunlight: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I get on a subway car that doesn’t have AC: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I leave the office to go to lunch: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I get back home to my apartment, where the AC has not been running all day: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
When I realize that climate change will eventually make parts of the earth uninhabitable due to extreme heat: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
The weather report is a wonderful snippet of found footage, a sort of proto-Vine that went viral in part due to its muted oddness. Between June and September, I think about it every day, knowing that there is little respite from the heat. It is my summer mantra: “Pretty much everywhere, it’s gonna be hot.”
Update, 1:37 p.m.: We got the following from a spokesperson for Oculus: “We don’t have a product to unveil at this time, however we can confirm that we’re making several significant technology investments in the standalone VR category. This is in addition to our commitment to high-end VR products like Oculus Rift and mobile phone products like Gear VR.”
Of all the stories in the selfie genre — and there are many — the best fall into the subset involving pieces of artwork being wrecked in the pursuit of capturing the perfect front-facing picture. They don’t happen terribly often, but when they do, they’re just perfect. Today’s victim is an exhibit by Simon Birch currently on display at The 14th Factory in Los Angeles. Earlier this month, a woman taking a picture knocked over one piece of art, which prompted an entire row of other pieces to topple like dominoes. The damage rang in to the tune of $200,000 and three sculptures were “permanently damaged.” Our apologies to the artist, but please enjoy watching this saga play out in real-time via CCTV from The 14th Factory.
Birch’s pieces join a number of other creations destroyed in the name of selfies. Last May, a 120-year-old statue was broken in Lisbon by a rogue with a cell-phone camera. Later that same year, another Portuguese — what is up, Portugal? — statue was demolished in a similar scenario.
SoundCloud — the popular music-and-podcast service that is the closest thing on the internet to a YouTube for audio — appears to be in dire straits. Yesterday, TechCrunch reported that in an all-hands meeting this month concerning layoffs that affected 40 percent of the company’s staff, management revealed that the site only had enough runway left to get them to Q4 of this year. That’s only 50 days from now. (SoundCloud disputed the figure, telling the site it was “fully funded into Q4” and speaking with investors.)
SoundCloud rap has gotten important enough for the New York Times to call it “the most vital and disruptive new movement in hip-hop” in a report just last month. But without SoundCloud, it’s unclear what would happen to SoundCloud rap, which has taken advantage of the platform’s bare-bones ease of use and free hand. In important ways, the service is the uncontested most popular music platform, in a very literal sense of popular. It’s for anyone, with a lower barrier to entering, uploading, sharing, and commenting than any other music service.
It’s one thing if the end of SoundCloud simply meant the discontinuation of one way to listen to music — there are plenty of other ways to stream audio online, including YouTube itself. But SoundCloud hosts music, and its disappearance would mean the simultaneous disappearance of hundreds of thousands of hours of audio — music, podcasts, radio shows, random gobbledygook, all stored on SoundCloud’s no-doubt expensive servers. Just as importantly, the website’s demise would mean the end of a scene: SoundCloud is the birthplace of its own genre and musical community, a DIY branch of hip-hop so closely identified with the website that most people call it SoundCloud rap.
We’ve written before about how difficult it can be to create sustainable business models off of creative platforms. The platforms that have often been the most effective at generating lasting digital culture — images, ideas, videos, memes — have often struggled to find a sustainable business model. Creativity can often breed a kind of forbidding insularity that stunts growth. Supporting often wild platforms with ad sales doesn’t seem to cut it. Not just wild, but sometimes legally dicey: Hip-hop samples and DJ remixes pose copyright problems for the music industry, which is already famously convoluted when it comes to licensing and copyright.
Even with a smarter business model, SoundCloud would face problems. It’s a platform that’s all about audio, a media format which is uniquely hobbled when it comes to going viral; as Stan Alcorn explained on Digg in 2014, audio has trouble going viral the way video does because we tend to listen to it in contexts where sharing is impossible, and because it’s impossible to skim or preview. And issues with copyright and sample clearance will never go away.
That these pricing options didn’t work — and that so far the internet hasn’t been able to make creative platforms profitable — doesn’t mean that SoundCloud could never work. One thing that’s become clear in the last few years is that fervent fandoms are much more willing to directly support artists they value than they are to pay blanket fees for broad services. Compare SoundCloud to the music marketplace Bandcamp, which also offers artists free streaming options, or a streaming site like Twitch. Both of those sites, and others, give users the option to pay money directly to content creators, either for downloadable MP3s, or in a monthly subscription. In exchange, the services take a small portion of the proceeds for themselves. There’s plenty of evidence that a user will pay $5 a month for content if they know exactly who’s on the receiving end. With SoundCloud’s model, users were just throwing money into a big pot and hoping their favorite musicians got some revenue from audio ads and subscription fees.
It’s not that SoundCloud didn’t try to make money. On the creator side, SoundCloud offers hosting plans that range from free (three hours of hosted audio) to $15 a month (unlimited). Unfortunately, when your target customer is a young, independent musician, the pricing could be a significant barrier to entry. Less compelling content means fewer people who want to listen to it. Some analysts, according to TechCrunch, say SoundCloud monthly streams have fallen to half of what they once were. The consumer side is less appealing: The service offers Soundcloud Go, $5 and $10 tiers that do things like eliminate interstitial advertising. But the platform lacks the sheer breadth of a catalogue like Spotify or Apple’s streaming services, making it an uncompelling option for music fans looking for the latest and greatest.
You might wonder why a hugely popular, culturally important service is failing, but like everything, it comes down to money: SoundCloud has never really figured out how to extract money from its users, both creators and consumers.
But the lesson to take away from the SoundCloud crisis isn’t just that creative businesses are difficult to sustain online, or that the company wasn’t quick enough to find a lasting revenue stream. It’s that as we move creative scenes from cities and neighborhoods and onto the web, we outsource the publishing, storage, and archiving of their products to young, for-profit businesses — and therefore run the very serious risk of losing huge and important libraries of culture to the vagaries of a new and quickly moving economy. Thinking about SoundCloud it’s hard not to be reminded of Vine, the hugely influential video-sharing app that was unceremoniously shut down by Twitter last year: Not only did the web lose one of its most vibrant spaces, any videos that disappeared from the service were gone forever. It’s not an accident, either, that, like Vine, SoundCloud’s culture is primarily steered by nonwhite contributors.
It’s true that SoundCloud might still be saved — it could be acquired by a larger company, or it could secure a loan or more investment. Chance the Rapper tweeted “I’m working on the SoundCloud thing” this afternoon, so maybe he can fix it. But while new owners or new investment might save SoundCloud the business, they wouldn’t necessarily make the archive safe.
This week’s news has artists and music fans warning each other across the web to make offline backups of stuff that they like, lest the service go belly-up, spawning a constellation of dead hyperlinks. That might save some of the content — but only a complete archive would preserve the SoundCloud scene, from the genius to the terrible, for future academics, musicians, and fans. Unfortunately, absent some funding geared toward that essentially charitable act, such complete archiving is likely out of the question. According to Jason Scott of the nonprofit Internet Archive, SoundCloud’s repository of audio is a petabyte of data — one million gigabytes — and would cost $1.5 million to $2 million to host for the foreseeable future. Maybe they should give Chance the Rapper a call.
Step one: Extend hand. Step two: Grasp the outstretched hand of the person in front of you. Step three: Grip firmly, but not too firmly, and shake for approximately five seconds. Step four: Even if you ignore these very simple instructions, just make sure to do the exact opposite of whatever it was Donald Trump was doing when he shook the French president’s hand for what felt like an eternity — actually 25 seconds — earlier Friday as he was wrapping up his trip to France. (The same trip during which he told the French First Lady Brigitte Macron she was in “such good shape.”)
Though we haven’t officially crunched the numbers, it seems like this shake might take the record from Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe for longest Trump shake yet.
The White House yesterday released a batch of public comments sent to its Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, the committee established by Donald Trump with the explicit purpose of examining long-debunked claims of voter fraud, and the implicit purpose of disenfranchising large swaths of the American voting population. To further this aim, commission leader Kris Kobach requested detailed data from the voter rolls of every state, most of which rejected the request as baseless and an invasion of people’s privacy.
On Thursday the White Sox traded Jose Quintana to the Cubs in exchange for four prospects. A pretty standard deal in the world of Major League Baseball, right?
The majority of public comments released by the White House are unsparing in their criticism of Kobach and his program, though there are a few concerned citizens asking how they can help (and about half a dozen pages that are like the Republican version of Pizzagate). When you can submit a comment via email, it’s pretty easy to write, well, anything. Here are some of the messages that caught our eye.
Not quite — because the news of this trade wasn’t broken by one of the many tireless MLB reporters out there, scouring the ends of the Earth looking for a scoop, but, instead, by a mysterious duo of butt-themed redditors: KatyPerrysBootyHole and wettbutt23.
Late Wednesday night, the seemingly innocent user KatyPerrysBootyHole posted a cryptically labeled “Quintana rumor” in the White Sox subreddit.
“Hey guys,” the post said, “take this with a grain of salt, but I heard from a friend who’s brothers friend works for the cubs (sounds like bullshit I know), that Q is going to the cubs in exchange for 4 players. Has anyone heard anything similar?”
Doubts began to swirl almost instantly. This wasn’t the first time a wild (and ultimately incorrect) theory had been posted to the subreddit — and users like peezy1996 responded with the curt “Highly doubtful.” It seemed as if the wise words of KatyPerrysBootyHole would soon be lost in the sea of other White-Sox-related rumors. But(t) then, the unthinkable happened: Another (wetter) butt joined the fray.
User wetbutt23 posted a comment to corraborate the claims of his friend KatyPerrysBootyHole: “4 prospects. No pros. Players were meeting with doctors and will be official tonight or tomorrow.” And despite the fact that 22 equally wet butts may have came before him, wetbutt23 was absolutely right.
The whole incident eventually resulted in legitimate news outlets apologizing to the pair for not giving them proper attribution. (CSNChicago.com actually had to write the words “CSNChicago.com apologizes to wetbutt23 for the error” on its site. What a world.) And while MLB reporters alike might be cursing themselves for getting scooped by some buttheads posting online, at least they’re not alone in that this week.
Neither wettbutt23 nor KatyPerrysBootyHole have any known history of producing this sort of insider MLB info — although KatyPerrysBootyHole is a frequent commenter in r/whitesox — but fans seem to be hailing them as their new baseball oracles.
Beau, thank you for coming clean.
Do NOT click this link.
These people have a suggestion.
Not sure if these two are being sarcastic.
Can someone just let these guys know that their emails are going through?
Bud, keeping it simple.
Victor, your hopes seem to be working out.
“You know what you can do with those ears …”
